User 1: shreyas guy is for strain?
User 2: we score hash from him but he has strains sometimes too
User 1: bhai none of your contacts are replying only even yesterday one
User 2: wait theres another guy in sion
User 1: and i need to courier it to manipal first thing tomorrow morning  bhej shreyas ko text karu ki nahi?
User 2: kar. give him shaillys ref 919082611971 brijesh sion guy this guy is in bandra i guess
User 1: chal i'll try all 
User 2: good luck
User 1: last two whose reference
User 2: rayhan patel did you get stuff?
User 1: this guys is like 2.5k for 1g others haven't replied
User 2: he has good stash but his quantity is fucked up
User 1: he's already selling at 2.5k if quantity is also shit then doesn't make sense what are we scoring at five
User 2: exactly well meet for a smoke then probably score hash or something zaid gives platinum og kush for 2.2k hes not picking? sakshi will have more dealers i have another guy in town if you want
User 1: i texted them bhej i'm not calling
User 2: call kar na hes not a dealer dealer but actually a friends friend
User 1: whose contact ?
User 2: rayhan only but give him my reference
User 1: cool
User 2: listen
User 1: sup
User 2: if you have your car can you pick me from monils
User 1: i can't get my car today. both are being used isn't monil also coming?
User 2: ill ask him
User 1: where are you shailly is getting her csr be around monils place in ten
User 2: ill come to police station cool
User 1: andar na we have to go to mazagaon send id proof
User 2: whats up bro when you returning?
User 1: 21st, why?
User 2: nah just asking whats up
User 1: sup 
User 2: are you excited? for the wedding and all?
User 1: bhai padhai ki f hone wali hai i haven't practiced dance also and y'all are gonna see me act so ma na
User 2:  perfect thats the first thing you think about you nerd fuuucckkk thats my boy get your bong na when you come
User 1: chutiya hai kya
User 2: bro we smoked white widow strains we went crazy
User 1: laughing like shit or bt?
User 2: tripping and laughing uncontrollably looks good how was it?
User 1: maa chudi hai
User 2: hahahah enjoy also recommend some good movie man
User 1: start sex education on netflix
User 2: comedy?
User 1: yas
User 2: niceeee fuck i wanna try this
User 1: my second time only. so smooth man
User 2: how high are you rn?
User 1: dude this pot was too mind fuck my flatmate was riding the scooter prayed after a long time
User 2: kachi keri? hahahah after you almost died with what you thought was a heart attack but it was probably gas
User 1: that got over not even in the good way
User 2: bt?
User 1: man fuck you it wasn't gas ha
User 2: i miss weed high man if you ever come by train get some  she baked?
User 1: everyone in the house is hahahaha
User 2: how are they? dude apart from the fucked up studies, your life is a party fuck bro i wanna do exactly what youre doing but ive been smoking strains three days in a row
User 1: tomorrow chal raat i'm coming tomorrow
User 2: in bro yeah man i missed you chaddi buddy
User 1: gay fuck
User 2:  where the party at
User 1: alibaug
User 2: haha yeah man well have too much fun bitch get stash
User 1: i'm at t2
User 2:  loser where you at?
User 1: almost home idm meeting by seven hundred and thirty
User 2: we going dockyard
User 1: y'all are together rn?
User 2: nope. monil and farhan are coming we have strains. shailly afreen and i are at home
User 1: allah is real i'll see you at 7:30
User 2: haha converted?
User 1: i'm coming directly
User 2: where are you?
User 1: parel
User 2: can you pick me or are you busy?
User 1: don't have a car i'm gonna cab it
User 2: achha cool hey bro howre your parents doing?
User 1: just to make your wedding even memorable: occupied so fine. calm before the storm scene
User 2: ooh im flattered. i think i should come visit you  ah yess. and how are you? back to bombay?
User 1: bro honestly, i walked in her room it felt like a fucking void. i'll be fine but yes yes jiju and jheal are coming tomorrow tho
User 2: i understand. but youll go back and get busy with studies and all. your parents are gonna really miss her part of life i guess
User 1: teri aadat hogi
User 2: actually bro luckily they all got married when i was young
User 1: raat ko milte hai
User 2: yeah well smoke the rest of the hash
User 1: chal done
User 2: post it on fufu what time you free at night?
User 1: i'll be free by 7ish
User 2: lets meet by 8:30-9 then
User 1: no-no i'm free from now till max nine
User 2: flashbacks good stuff?
User 1: not strain level but like yeah
User 1: the reason i don't correct you when you say jenit is living the lifeb 9gag sala
User 2: you know its true buddy what the fuck
User 1: i was told it's a happy video you can imagine my disappointment as well 
User 2: i saw the first one and deleted both
User 1: second was better 
User 2: monil showed me the second one earlier so i didnt even watch it
User 1: dude i look so high in the wedding pics
User 2: looks like youre gonna drop dead any second
User 1: y all be tripping on sasta shit try the hospital stuff
User 2: oh fuck thats you? hows it going
User 1: i'm too drugged so good ish
User 2: what happened but?
User 1: totalled my right hand basically mostly coming to mumbai early because can't give the exams let's see holi khele?
User 2: oh shit when you coming though not really. high on bhang though
User 1: let's see i have no idea what's going to happen 
User 2: have you told your parents? also im assuming you were high
User 1: mom is here no. punched the wall because i was pissed lol
User 2: i punch the wall all the time when im pissed. never happened to me
User 1: man when i punched the metacarpal got dislocated and went over the wrist wala joint, then i tried to push the bone in, but since it was above the joint, i shattered it to pieces, my xray had a silhouette because the end of the bone is basically powder i want to say lol but fuvk this is bad in retrospect i can watch got and endgame with yall so well
User 2: why did you punch though? what pissed you so much
User 1: chod woh ab
User 2: ladki ka scene hai?
User 1: wait for the entire story mumbai mai
User 2: do tell arey nahi yaar when you coming back? lil nigga
User 1: helo mostly they are forcing me to write my exams or i can fail so mostly 9th may :
User 2: oh shit my final exams are getting done on the same day
User 1: at least i don't have to explicitly ask for drugs because after exams i can expect you to have some
User 2: hahahah http:9gag.comgagab0g72z you can use this
User 1: kafi trippy dp
User 2: its from interstellar i was the spaceman last night
User 1: duh man yesterday my flatmate fucked me up by mixing pot with dokha i didnt know until i completed the entire bong shot fucking dedd
User 2: hahahah have you heard the song shooting stars
User 1: just heard it sorry for the late reply i was baked for the two days our really good teacher sent this we have to get the answer to those questions mathematically loll too cool
User 2: its too much to read and im too drunk rn happy four hundred and twenty were doing lemon cookies tomorrow hybrid of lemon haze and girl scouts cookies oh fuck this is legendary even ive never had it extremely proud
User 1: hahaha basics where are you on eid
User 2: right here. why?
User 1: i'm deciding whether to go to dubai for eid or no 
User 2: eid night we doing strains
User 1: don't compare with cow beef
User 2: if you go when do you plan on coming back? well probably do a trip after eid
User 1: where
User 2: i dont know but we will maybe north lets see .
User 1: dude right now i have permission to go whenever and come whenever since i'll be at a friend's place only but i can't convince myself to like go pakka we'll go?
User 2: pakka i cant say most of us are in the moment my exams end ill initiate the planning and shit
User 1: chal cool chal i'm in for the plan
User 2: cool but dont completely rely on our plan everyone is lukha also whenre you coming here?
User 1: sabko leke jana hai. this sem was too fucked up for me and i need a good vacation 9th
User 2: yeah well mostly go cause then monil and farhan would leave for babson the day my exams are over. sexy but i wont be able to stone cause ramadan
User 1: when wtf
User 2: august
User 1: oh then chill fuck sab bade hogaye
User 2: hahahah yeah bro right now monil and farhan are scoring 3gs of strains ill go meet em when they back kal exam hai bc
User 1: everyone is going at this point we are too broke pot but if there was money this is what we would be doing 
User 2: 4th were planning on doing strains and weed juul divit got
User 1: may?
User 2: yess what dates are you in for north also watched the episode?
User 1: for now, any duh?
User 2: 7-14june
User 1: when are y'all confirming by
User 2: by the end of this week ill confirm with everyone
User 1: phir mai bhi aakar hi fix karta hu
User 2: haa cool 9th right?
User 1: yep
User 2: cool well have too much fun
User 1: man this semester has been too fucking bad. can't wait to get back tbh hogaya manipal ka time khatam bc 
User 2: what happened but you still havent told me
User 1: rukh ja aakar bolta hu. everything got settled yesterday only because dikshita left yesterday. good story
User 2: please dont tell me you broke up please (i really hope you didnt)
User 1: nope good make up sex yes i'm showing off haha
User 2: so you broke up but then you made up
User 1: no just a fight veryyyy long fight
User 2: oooohh
User 1: it basically lasted the entire sem on and off
User 2: its fine now?
User 1: yass
User 2: cool 9th im meeting you to hear your story
User 1: for sure what's up with your two girls
User 2: dude i had sex after more than a year and a half recently so much has happened you wont believe it
User 2: i have stories of my own to tell you
User 1: over some kebabs if it pleases you my lord
User 2: definitely, itll be too good once youre back even i bought a scooter
User 1: divit monil ke saath kya beg khayega shi
User 2: so we four will go around town
User 1: oho
User 2: exactly yaar you back?
User 1: yasss
User 2: meet at night
User 1: what you doing now
User 2: fasting were all gonna meet though by 8-8:30 ish
User 1: chal cool
User 2: yo meet4smok? in thirty
User 1: na sister is going to come over in a bit
User 2: oh cool how she doing?
User 1: better than me man at least she has a job 
User 2: hahahah thats good then http:9gag.comgagawypwv2
User 1: too good also you coming in the evening right?
User 2: are you going? did you rsvp?
User 1: yep youre in right?
User 2: yeah okay whats the dress code ?
User 1: yeah so i was going to ask you rukh i'll ask himanshu
User 2: yes
User 1: never mind he aint coming
User 2: hahaha lets be rebels and go in shorts and ts lets go in school pant shirt
User 1: pacca? i'm in of you're in!
User 2: hahahaha mine wont even fit me now
User 1: abbe jeans wear anything. i'm sure the shirt will fit
User 2: well go in wearing our old uniforms and start singing the school anthem
User 1: don't remember it
User 2: thats basically our ib uniforms fuck but they shouldve mentioned the dress code man
User 1: let's just score and smoke 
User 2: the only reason im going is because theres a smoking room outside verbena
User 1: man i don't feel like going anymore
User 2: why not? we can actually skip it and chill monil is also coming back and farhan will be here we can go around town smoke and chill
User 1: apparently we're still going 
User 2: yeah dude linda is leaving flag ive to meet her
User 1: dude please wear the uniform i really want to
User 2: hahahah i dont even know where it is
User 1: accha then what to wear
User 2: casual ish i give guess http:9gag.comgagawapzpw remember fusion technique
User 1: shhhhh rn  padle nia goku  bro handle farhan. it's not right if i say anything
User 2: hahahah okay thats what happens when we talk too much
User 1: is he actually not coming?
User 2: uska baap bhi aayga i meant a fight breaks out
User 1: wait what fight? about what monil said about sakshi?
User 2: what?
User 1: what
User 2: sakshi is super chill bro thats fine main fighters are humaid and shailly
User 1: are they fighting because of the screenshot thing? oh just read it no man it's fine .
User 2: hell come no. its a cycle ill explain later
User 1: been there done that
User 2: yo
User 1: i'm in
User 2: hahahah stairs but im coming by scooter
User 1: i come directly or what
User 2: if you can or else ill have to drop monil then pick you up
User 1: i'll come
User 2: cool leave when i tell you
User 1: cool just got done with the interview. denied to shake anyone's hand  i think they were offended
User 2: haha shouldve shown the middle finger too before leaving yo
User 1: come in fifteen
User 2: okay
User 1: https:youtu.beup2jtkrvluc
User 2: hahahah too funny mann hulk becomes just a fat dude  http:9gag.comgagaqrb03d
User 1: send hash wale ka number and a reliable strain guy and tlel me whose contact to tell dude pls let's get baked
User 2: take both from farhan
User 1: manipal people after leaving manipal for ten dyas loll friend sent this lollll
User 2: shreyas for hash kavish for strains both dealers know him
User 1: .
User 2: ?
User 1: number nevermind i already have it for some reason
User 2: you scoring?
User 1: next week let this internship thing get finalised
User 2: youll come for a smoke to stairs?
User 1: 8:50
User 2: cool were here get shailly also
User 1: i'm at garware bro
User 2: achha okay where you at?
User 1: marys
User 2: yo
User 1: sup
User 2: meet4smok? ill come pick you in 10-15
User 1: cool
User 2: get down when i call
User 1: cool
User 2: stairs?
User 1: later. i'm at colaba
User 2: cool you alone?
User 1: manipal ja banda hai come if you want cafe churchill
User 2: nah we at stairs farru also coming come when you get done
User 1: i'll text when i'm done chal stay there for a bit i'm on my way
User 2: we just bounced yo
User 1: what's tonight's plan man
User 2: lets see meet4smok?
User 1: chal. tell monil too
User 2: hell come by nine farhan will pick him up get down when i call
User 1: cool
User 2: sunn jenny
User 1: sup
User 2: well have to leave in fifteen think of an excuse meeting an old school friend?
User 1: bhai chod monil bhi nahi aa raha and mahalaxmi par jaga nahi hai.
User 2: abey bt matt de chal na please if you want ill drive you are coming cant take no for an answer well discuss the fight come naaa
User 1: abbe i left in the afternoon. plus i'm high i want to have dinner
User 2: well go eat pakka well take shailly too yo
User 1: omw
User 2: stairs in a bit? ill pick you
User 1: tu monil ko pick up karle is he coming
User 2: hell come little later maybe with farhan
User 1: accha chal cool
User 2: get down when i call
User 1: cool
User 2: yolo get down
User 1: coming https:www.youtube.complaylist?listplsyeobzwxl7pol9jtvyndke62ieon-mz3
User 2: oh thanks yolo
User 1: bro stairs shailly is in
User 2: cool see you there
User 1: you gotta pick me because incase we drink, i don't wanna drive
User 2: bro i may take a while ask farhan to take you triple seat to stairs then well figure
User 1: farhan and i agree here talk to monil and come
User 2: monil not there
User 1: good stuff
User 2: hahahah parents gone? im coming over baby im doing pot rn
User 1: from where haha
User 2: shailly
User 1:  gg 
User 2: yeah dude they do. ive noticed so many times
User 1: my stash is over 
User 2: good timing we can start using the other half from tomorrow yolo
User 1: sup
User 2: meet4smok ill pick you sakshis friend might give us
User 1: which area i spoke to sam he doesnt have anything
User 2: somewhere in town but if he doesnt score will you go to bandra
User 1: town is fine idm getting it highly doubt it. ill get done from here by 9ish then dinner at jijus place
User 2: achha
User 1: baat kar aur bata did she reply
User 2: no texted shrey too
User 1: yo
User 2: yo
User 1: let's meet call humaid too
User 2: is he back? pick shailly and meet at stairs ill see if farhan has any stash left
User 1: how will it be over
User 2: we smoked 6js yesterday
User 2: farhan smoked some today
User 1: did you leave
User 2: no did you?
User 1: shailly said wait
User 2: cool let me know
User 1: leaving in five
User 2: i just had a lotta mango
User 1: did it feel different?
User 2: no
User 1: abbe abhi i'll actually study if you want to meet for dinner tell
User 2: study during dinner na meet now for a bit im just leaving from my mazg place
User 1: man i just started studying a while back. kafi timepass kiya
User 2: just come man
User 1: abbe theek hai aa
User 2: get down when i call
User 1: we here
User 2: on my way
User 1: e?
User 2: yesss
User 1: y'all are taking to goa?
User 2: yess
User 1: atb
User 2: ?
User 1: all the best
User 2: thanks
User 1: khane chalega?
User 2: im strain high too
User 1: bulaleta i really don't mind eating tho
User 2: im done eating man bro remind your goa guy for stash
User 1: wanna meet?
User 2: exactly why i called where you at?
User 1: home
User 2: ill come pick you get down in two
User 1: cool where you at
User 2: in your lane hey
User 1: hey just woke up dada took the elantra in the morning don't know when he will come. idm coming but we need a car
User 2: oh damn wait ill figure
User 1: what's the plan
User 2: afreen might take her car hes giving only pot no hash
User 1: hash he said he got only in north which is far that's why
User 2: yeah we figured with him thanks
User 1: phooka?
User 2: no hes coming
User 1: nalla
User 2: hahahah tera dost nalla itna late kardia
User 1: at least he's coming and giving 
User 2: yeah just got the stash
User 1: what about e popped?
User 2: not yet we gonna eat first then pop
User 1: let me know the experience lol
User 2: dude this is the best thing evwr call me rn bitch
User 1: im up boi
User 2: ping call me
User 1: gg dont die have fun
User 2: yolo
User 1: supp
User 2: please tell me you got your phone back
User 1: yasss
User 2: broooo finally
User 1: actually or pranking?
User 2: actually
User 1: kinda knew some shit was going to happen like they found about the scam trip or what gimme something
User 2: no they found out about her smoking
User 1: btt that also one day before the trip ripppp
User 2: thats the worst
User 1: did they say that no trip or you dont know anything
User 2: no trip specifically
User 1: what was she doing mannn. is she stupid or something
User 2: shes too depressed man
User 1: was she caught on stairs hahahah
User 2: no clue farhan will collect the brownies by 9ish from you
User 1: cool you'll come with khubeb?
User 2: where?
User 1: airport?
User 2: no monil lets see
User 1: what time we gonna leave?
User 2: 3-3:30 ish yolo you ready
User 1: ten what you doing
User 2: come to stairs
User 1: who you wiht
User 2: sakshi bro just woke up you okay?
User 1: na man
User 2: what happened?
User 1: she's like i don't feel the same way anymore she still can't get over how i treated pranjal she doesn't like the fact that she has to take my permission for stuff. which she doesnt she said she doesn't like to share stuff anymore shes like her not telling me what she's doing every minute of everyday made her feel good she doesn't want to go the same masters college as me but as they all say, she hates ldr idk what's going to happen man i don't know if it's the summer that got to her or the last sem fucking bs
User 2: oh shit what does she wanna do? about the relationship
User 1: i'm sorry we are in different places in the relationship. i can't get over what happened last semester and since that time i don't love you the same way. i want to be your best friend since that will be the best thing for us. bc
User 2: i dont wanna say this but it could be a possibility is there anyone else she might have feelings for?
User 1: nono
User 2: because you dont just fall out of this
User 1: shes kinda treating me like a liability for a while so it started in march when i threatened the guy she's like she never felt the same since and i told you yesterday no that she doesn't talk much during the vacation . she needs to work on herself and all that bs i don't know where i went wrong since any fucking guy would have done the same.
User 2: i completely agree with you and youre not at fault at all but if you want her back you need to give her a little space and time i cant imagine what you must be going through right now but you have to do this for her to realise
User 1: yes not like i have any other option i fucking hope so man
User 2: dont contact her through any source whatsoever let her come to you and she well
User 1: dude the thing is she is a very shy person. and for her to tell me the things she told me in the morning is a very big thing. especially the way she bluntly put it. i want to believe she'll come back but i keep reading what she said and i just can't believe anything like i've never been this scared
User 2: fuck
User 1: manipal has been such a good journey and she made it so much better i can't afford for it to end man i moved away from mumbai for some positivity and this is how it ends
User 2: i feel she has too much power in this relationship
User 1: nothing to be done about that
User 2: distract yourself from all this how you doing?
User 1: i feel like i'm high and spacy don't know anything thats happening staying in bed all day i guess y'all took the yellow lighter no
User 2: no idea bro how you doin bro?
User 1: much better. about to spark a solo joint also keeping the politics in mind and rolling with the flow also i'm really sorry about what i said about you and sakshi the other night. i wasn't in the right frame of mind. i'm pretty sure i was very light headed.
User 2: crazyy. i just woke up, was about to go get smokes and roll myself good one no worries dude. its fine yo
User 1: sup
User 2: both our wind cheaters with you
User 1: yes
User 2: cool. write good things on it
User 1: gg you home?
User 2: no getting home
User 1: only thing dikshitas sister told me was the last thing dikshita said to her about me was that she was happy that i was going to delhi fml bad decisions.
User 2: oh shit everything was sorted you could have completely gone
User 1: man fuck my life fuck
User 2: its fine make up for it hows it going now?
User 1: spoke to my sister she basically said dik is right since she has the right to do whatever the fuck she wants nd whatever you want must be shoved up your ass so i guess bye bye male ego she said you understanding and changing yourself for me wont make a difference since i need some time for myself.
User 2: politics time
User 1: i hope she becomes a loner in manipal
User 2: how many more weeks to go for manipal?
User 1: two
User 2: youll have her in two weeks actually honestly dont expect anything
User 1: this
User 2: expectation leads to disappointment
User 1: yeah no other option
User 2: yolo where you been?
User 1: waiting for someone to call me to staira
User 2: hahahah well meet when the rain dies down
User 1: yep text me
User 2: yolo stairs?
User 1: come to pick me up no
User 2: yeah get down when i call bro
User 1: sup
User 2: waiting for rains to stop
User 1: send that screenshot
User 2: you go girl yolo
User 1: in a bit not now
User 2: yeah. in an hour
User 1: yep cool
User 2: yolo
User 1: come by 630ish
User 2: 6:45 get down
User 1: better
User 2: by
User 1: cool
User 2: yolo
User 1: out i'll take some time i'm at pheonix live location shared
User 2: yolo we meeting by 6ish for brownies
User 1: why not strains
User 2: oh fuck
User 1: please can you get like two booms for ne
User 2: i just read this yolo stairs
User 1: who you picking up
User 2: no one
User 1: then pick me up ?
User 2:  can you call farhan and tell him were meeting
User 1: he isn't answering
User 2: achha cool give me a bit ill come pick you then well call everyone
User 1: cool aaj tak: major roads in mumbai including tulsi pipe road, juhu tara road and sv road will be closing on tuesday due to a bomb threat by isis. here's a list of all roads closed on tuesday:
User 2: seriously
User 1: i'm bored
User 2: pick one boom for me too na
User 1: yep doing that already
User 2: thanks bro and can you give it to me under my building on your way back home?
User 1: i'll come back at stairs time . incase i come early i'll come to your building
User 2: cool cool
User 1:  sayy
User 2: nothing was asking if free to chill
User 1: are y'all chilling rn
User 2: only sakshi and me
User 1: have fun what you doing
User 2: who
User 1: can you meet
User 2: no
User 1: ok
User 2: strains tomorrow
User 1: yep so had a good conversation with dik i don't love you like that anymore you're not the right person for me. you weren't supposed to tell about the anirudh thing to anyone but you did. i'm sorry i had tell naman that she got molested so that he can fucking take care of her when i wasn't in manipal bc iska ex bhi kaan mai poison dal raha hai our basis are only different i don't give a shit about you that you felt uncomfortable for two years because of a guy and when i couldn't handle it you had no right to step in bhosdika gf par line mar raha tha. im controlling her? bc kaustubh ka dost kshitij se thoda dekhar baat karne bola tha but she made me believe that he actually considers her as a sister bhosdiwala got ki tarah confessed his feelings at the start of the vacation. meko two mahine tak boli bhi nahi last day when i told her that yeah you do you and talk to pranjal and handle that accordingly nshe was so happy she even wanted to try the threesome (which she was always in for btw not on the spot thing ). then aaj bolti hai ki i didn't even want to be physical with you. i was drunk behenchodn chutiyapa hai yar three saal jaan dedeta ladki ke liye. maa tak ko bata diya tha ki dekhlo aap ko future beti tumlog se zyada pyar usko diya phir yeh aise gaand marti hai abbe chutiye bethe hai kya. college kyu aao ho beta? bhai itni chidard se maa ko pyar nahi dikhaya hai. bhai kya nahi diya usko jo karna hai woh karege jidhar khana hai udhar khayege jo chaiye woh milega phir bolti hai it's going to be a very lonely semester for me. arre hum toh bade maze karege sorry for the hindi but i forwarded ot
User 1: bro you want to meet for chai sutta?
User 2: i cant right now. you havent slept all night have you?
User 1: na
User 2: try and sleep right now ill meet you as soon as i can
User 1: fuck it
User 2: is it over now?
User 1: she slept long back
User 2: go to manipal figure shit out face to face
User 1: i'm talking to the best friend i doubt of this also happening now i just don't know man
User 2: i dont even know what to say to make you feel better man this fucking sucks there is a necessary amount of pain you have to go through to get over all this
User 1: only thing that has made sense all night
User 2: you will think about her everyday first thing in the morning until one morning shes the second thing you think about. and thats when youll know youre moving on but this shouldnt have happened with you im too sad about this
User 1: bhai boldi she didn't want to kiss me but was drunk so did it anyway and this is a 3nyear relationship talking aadmi kya karega iske baad pata nahi
User 2: fuck manm girls are capable of making your life the happiest thing and then ruining it
User 1: i fought with her sister also now toh it just keeps getting worse
User 2: bro dont talk to anyone now just go to sleep
User 1: going for a drive
User 2: please youve been up all night
User 1: i need to smoke cigs
User 2: are you back home?
User 1: no meeting aafreen mostly
User 2: where? where are you at the moment?
User 1: stairs
User 2: just leave your phone and go to sleep
User 1: i reached hi jen what am i supposed to reply to this
User 2: as harsh as it sounds its better not to be friends
User 1: and what if she buys this crap
User 2: buys what crap? dont even reply to it now sleep on it seriously
User 1: i'm not replying or texting i'm meeting her directly in manipal
User 2: perfect
User 1: bro monil won't come to the airport
User 2: yeah well figure tomorrow morning or well chill in the morning have brownies or something the girls are so sad about not being able to see you off
User 1: aw it's fine. next time lol what's the scene get uppp
User 2: get down when i call well go for a smoke to stairs first then well figure
User 1: come toh
User 2: yo
User 1: supsup
User 2: reached?
User 1: eta five mins to the first bong shot almost
User 2: hahahah nice one send tutorial
User 1: so the bong is fungus infested bt
User 2: ewww so what doesnt matter high4lyf
User 1: dude i'm too baked and dikshita texted first since the time y'all told me not to text i don't reply no
User 2: what did she say? text back but be very casual and if she asks why you didnt text back earlier tell her you were busy with packing and shit
User 1: she asked if all good?
User 2: yes all good
User 1: good cool did thay
User 2: good one
User 1: i'll meet her today i just do small talk kinda thing and not talk about the breakup right
User 2: not small talk be your normal self
User 1: accha okay
User 2: joke around make her laugh make sure she knows what shell be missing out on if she breaks up dont address the break up thing until she does if she does, be mature and respectful and dont at any cost beg for her to stay there are plenty of fishes in the sea
User 1: good talk g1
User 2: best of luck hope you get what you want going for strains
User 1: o hope too noicee although weird time of weird day
User 2: farhan had to go for his visa thing to bandra
User 1: broooo
User 2: yo
User 1: i have an 8am lecture. we are drunk af. and we found like random 2nd year girls and we are going to my friend's place to drunk argggg i hate this freedom
User 2: okay drunk safely  and please let the 2nd year girl be
User 1: bhai my friends are full on trying it's beautiful to see people fail tbh
User 2: can you try too
User 1: na bro three girls
User 2: are any hot?
User 1: so that's over now yeah one was a model but couldn't do much nahi hoga bc fuck bro i'm just getting back home nearly hooked up with this one girkt idk what's the scene with herr maaza waya bc 
User 2: my boy is back in action
User 1: all time lobby long so i found the reason i didn't do it was because i was too stupid to understand when she was hinting it  must control the alcohol
User 2: youre out of practice theres always a next time also how can you not get the hints
User 1: true dat truwee need to get a game first lol man we were drinking for 10ish hours continuously like i kinda knew it would be fine if i kissed her but i was first move nahi karunga like we had those close eye stares for second implying that let's do it argh kinda feels good to get back to them old days
User 2: yes feel the freedom and enjoy it
User 1: but idk if i should go ahead eithbit
User 2: go for it go it for -farhan
User 2: hahahah not for long http:9gag.comgagaj82l6w
User 1:  so idk what the scene is like. yesterday we chilled for quite a bit and i made her laugh a lot. then she cried because she feels lonely. but still her texts are just toooo slow and she's still not taking initiative. and when i meet her like during the breaks and all also she's fine ish. she is really trying to sort it out with that guy but that's not going anywhere.
User 2: why do you care now just be there as a friend or not even that
User 1: i feel it won't become better until she atleast sorts it out with that guy. worse, she's becoming tighter with her ex so that's fucking annoying. then she made a rule of chilling just once a week. and i obviously tried to violate it and she's like i don't want to take advantage of your niceness ???? bhai matlab that hookup thing was just validation type chaiye phir bhi dikshita hi i'm trying man it's too fucking hsrd
User 2: i know it is but thats what you have to do if theres any chance of you guys getting back otherwise all your relationship itd be like pity dating because this is fucking unattractive very honestly cant talk what up
User 1: man i'm too drunk to text
User 2: hahahah its fine you drink with your friends text tomorrow
User 1: the guy who texted her he liked her just drunk called her and just let loose if you know what u mean. dikshita did hung up on her but it's bad enough. and my friend is going to fuck his case anyway for his personal issues question is should i make him fuck his case for this too
User 2: no dont get involved
User 1: i'm losing my shit man
User 2: enjoy with your friends dont bother with this distract yourself
User 1: bro it's official like dikshita and i are definitely over aaj wo clearly samjhai she really doesn't want to date me friends that also down the line and that's not going change for sure. so that's that
User 2: dont be friends please block her out thats the only way youll move on
User 1: idk what to do about it so i'm just going to see what happens
User 2: find a rebound. start hooking up again enjoy your last sem
User 1: in time i've decided moving on is the only option so yeah
User 2: good. first step is realising that
User 1: you know how a sugarcane guy crushes ice with that screwdriver thing. i feel that ice rn lol rip
User 2: dont talk to her is what ive been saying forever
User 1: man whom am i supposed to talk to yaa roommates are there but you know that relaxation time fuck bro i miss her
User 2: you will for a bit until you dont
User 1: until i don't.
User 2: you copy pasted this to everyone how you doing?
User 1: mind your tone from now on eh usko milke uski cheeze deni thi. pucha nahi aur bolti hai the condition with her classmates can't be better than this because it's that good bc three saal ki relationship and woh dosti jo itni jaldi tut ke ban jaye chutiyo ko difference pata nahi chalta i think i really need to fuck dikshita out of my system i jk man
User 2: i dont know what to tell you in this phase man. no matter how much sense i make it wouldnt matter. this is like the necessary amount of pain you have to go through before getting over i know its fine detox lose all contact with her. ill send you my break up line
User 1: i've not removed her from my any social media nor have i blocked her
User 2: how often do you meet her?
User 1: send tho i've met her just a couple of times and proper chilling just once that also last week so eh
User 2: due to various unforeseeable circumstances ill be unable to remain in touch with you henceforth. please dont try and contact me through any source whatsoever, were done.
User 1: probably not sending that for sure
User 2: send it on the last day of manipal
User 1: that's more probable
User 2: make it happen yo
User 1: sup boi man i cleared the first interview round. 2nd mai hag diya
User 2: you every kissed two different girls on the same day? oh fuck good luck
User 1: interviewer was a chick damn damnnnn you?
User 2: she hot though yessssss
User 1: eh aren't you dating
User 2: yeah but this is old
User 1: ohhh
User 2: just remembered one of the cool things i forgot to tell you while you were here
User 1: your boy on tinder ready to hunt
User 2: oooh crazyyy good luck
User 1: bhai tinder match mili shgejwjdbtbrkejfbe what to do i'm panicking argggg tellkkk fuck
User 2: hahahaha start with pick up line or hi she cute though? shes not here to make friends she here boneee
User 1: bone she will inshallah
User 2: hahahah thats the attitude proud of you buddy been there done that any luck with them?
User 1: aaj hi baat chalu hui dude i have never felt so much anger and a sense of cleanliness inside of me together simultaneously i feel good. thank you for all your help
User 2: shut up. you dont have to thank me im just glad you see through everything now
User 1: bhai kya mkl nikli 
User 2: kya? mkl?
User 1: maa ki laudi 
User 2: hahahah haa yaar
User 1: fuck i don't want to agree that you are right
User 2: i was way ahead of my time 
User 1: whoever knows this is just giving me more revenge ideas have to think revenge like cersei i can't wait to fuck up her life
User 2:  do tell are you gonna tell them? have you told anyone else?
User 1: you didn't?
User 2: no
User 1: just main bois
User 2: you wanted me to? cool ill tell them
User 1: easier for me
User 2: yeah bro yes but only if that was alcohol and a joint
User 1: give me fifteen mins
User 2: now thats more like it livin the life buddy hows tinder going?
User 1: justl talking still eh
User 2: get it over with dont go back to details and shit youll be much more happier im so glad that youre moving on though
User 1: she texted but yeah i have proof of 4th july still this bitch won't agree done and dusted (again)
User 2: fuck it. doesnt matter exactly so remember you asked me if ive gotten permission for anal i have
User 1: amen go fornit and use lube
User 2: oh fuck noo from a hook up in the past
User 1: i know you don't wanna try exit. it like before marriage must nahi toh humaid
User 2: btw
User 1: i can't appreciate such peasant shit in manipal :p
User 2: hahahah
User 1: i spoke to french guys today, sara dora bahar nikal diya 
User 2: fuck you lil bitch hahahah
User 1: so my friend hooked up with french kafi drama 
User 2: oh crazy how was it for him?
User 1: my fucked up roommate really made it awkward so i kinda have to handle that dude a black dude came too conscious about my dick now
User 2: wtf is happening in your life your life sounds like a porno rn go for the french chic
User 1: only guys were there bt
User 2: hahahah
User 1: such a beaut post break up scene i'm happy maaz :)
User 2: im happy youre happy
User 1: love you too
User 2: youre drunk but hahahah love you too buddy
User 1: oolh bro i'm cross fading afffd sunday monday holiday taking advantage bakri eid remember me when you're eating that beaut biryani i feel like the ecstasy high broooo
User 2: of course wish to be there soon right now the butcher is cutting of the balls of my goat
User 1: pre ordered 3kgs of biryani 
User 2: hahahah hahahah nice nice  oh shit ive to delete all the nudes of the others thanks for reminding
User 1: no crop the face out and upload to google drive hax you're welcome
User 2: hahahah yeah man even im sad to delete
User 1: don't make my mistake. period.
User 2: hahahah you bitch you dont even talk about nudes
User 1: don't feel so guilty anymore
User 2: hahahah
User 1: man i slept at 6pm just woke up
User 2: wtf why
User 1: tbh cos i fucking can
User 2: good answer here i am trying to fall asleep
User 1: for what tho too early for you naukri dhoond bc
User 2: im dead tired been working with meat and weed all day
User 1: if you have to work your meat while dating something is definitely a wrong
User 2: i meant literal meat dumb bitch
User 1: oh well.... there are only so many ways to interpret that sentence  bakri eid ke baad ghar par cook ban gaya kya bc
User 2:  more like butcher another goat down today
User 1: my roommate is hooking up with a dentist. so naturally i went and showed her my tooth x-ray for a free checkup 
User 2: hahahah ask him to do her in her clinic
User 1: it's a cool city and all but it still ain't america
User 2: be the change you want to see
User 1: my image in 4th year 
User 2: hahahah tomorrow sounds good
User 1: placement test hai be  abbe jhat naukri dhund yaar
User 2: came back from an interview still in formals going home dude i started the stoning session with four bong hits today delecate booty
User 1: mannnn i might get a job at a place i don't want and i tried to fuck up the interview but it just didn't work out.
User 2: oh fuck now what?
User 1: like i want to sit for better companies that pay upto 30l!!! but if i get the offer i will be out of the process. never thought possibility of getting a job would be so bad
User 2: cant you do anything about it or do you have to rely on your bad interview this is what you wanted to tell us in the morning?
User 1: the thing is if it was bad then they ask you to leave but they took my hr interview as well. fucking hell
User 2: fuck
User 1: that time i was deciding whether to fuck itnup or not and needed advice and then i decided to fuck it up bcccc
User 2: what do you think is gonna happen?
User 1: i think i'll get bro 
User 2:  where would you have to work?
User 1: so this is after may 2020. i might have to option to select between bangalore and mumbai
User 2: thats good then shift back to bombay how much they offering you?
User 1: man i fucking got placed  i'll find out but it's too fucking less less than nine fucking hell man i got sold for fucking cheap i'm crying inside
User 2: oh fuck you cant reject it?
User 1: i mean i can but im not allowed to apply to other companies from college so doesn't matter
User 2: http:9gag.comgagao0q646
User 1: quite the expensive flesh light https:www.facebook.com1489946307967548posts2189044541391051 bhai ki wat
User 2: she would make it up to you in ways you cant even imagine any all you care about is stash you deserve to be a virgin she hot though?
User 1: it was a joke because you have to be sassy on tinder yesss but maybe has braces eighteen year old man
User 2: ooh kiddo
User 1: start young
User 2: when you meeting her?
User 1: i'm pretty broke rn 
User 2:  i feel you been there next month then
User 1: i don't think i should wait that long. koi juggad nikalts hu have to do it before dikshita rumours are she started that guy  the villager
User 2: her bad shes weird you go girl we gonna do e tonight
User 1: stupid fucks i knew it was going to become more and more. normal
User 2: farhans going you lil bitch we have to get emotional
User 1: i thought the clubbing was for thay
User 2: only farhan did it then i was gonna but i didnt but tonight is the night
User 1: send vids thanjs
User 2: sure we plan on doing a time lapse
User 1: where are y'all doing?
User 2: read this again and slap yourself
User 1: going jeez
User 2: ambey
User 1: ohhh fuck i thought y'all are in mumbai. crazyyyy  sup
User 2: what up bro im only assuming youve banged a chic by now
User 1: quite opposite actually i'm a wreck and emotionally i'm shit in mood for randi rona or you doing something?
User 2: what happened bro yeah tell me kya huaaa? it does hit sometime later. but itll die down just think about all the wrongs that she did
User 1: man so like i am fucking happy about the breakup. like i don't need that negativity. but i still don't know how to be single at all. it's new and really hard for me . that's what she said. lol. anyway, and seeing dikshita be happy with her rebound. and like even i'm having fun but like that's different level of fun. hence plus the fucking tinder girl didn't reply because i didn't call her over long back. i asked for sunday but i guess too late oops
User 2: youre just jealous of your ex and thats natural. but just because of jealousy dont forget that single life is fun too. dude once you stop giving a shit about her youll realise how good it is to not be in a relationship. all the good part comes out youll find many for tinder dude
User 1: i'm just waiting for good part thirty-one matches :p anyway, how was the e and the trip?
User 2: itll come. youre almost there just hang in there for a lil while longer crazy bro too fucking good dude we were fucked and the place was amazing
User 1: hahahha was it the same high again?
User 2: yeah dude but not better than the first high and the manali high ive done ecstasy six times already
User 1: ae man hamesha ka bt. i think only the first one is always the best chutiya chutiya
User 2: yeah dude. so every account ive read on quora about ecstasy said that the first trip is the best trip
User 1: that's how we celebrate placements
User 2: niceee so farru is going to us today
User 1: damn
User 2: yeah dude
User 1: to new beginnings
User 2: to new beginnings
User 1: cold feet is a real thing
User 2: why? just go for it once
User 1: i don't even have to go. she wants to come over 
User 2: call her and go for it
User 1: get the fuck off 9gag and follow insta pages altho 1010
User 2: whats up gimme some gossip from your life
User 1: basically these memes combination decided not to chicken out next time i'm with a stranger kinda studying because exams from tomorrow
User 2: theres pretty much no bad side of fucking a stranger
User 1: talking to new people to feel the new vibe out there that i've missed for three years
User 2: no feelings involved
User 1: all that is chill.
User 2: good luck buddy
User 1: but being scared of it is legible
User 2: good you should
User 1: oh eating shit ton of chicken during paryushan was fun
User 2: what are you scared about? hahahah
User 1: new sem new me and i'm leaving pot just i've never hooked up hooked up so then i'm planning first half of two thousand and twenty in some foreign country then second half in mumbai and then bangalore in two thousand and twenty-one hope that goes according to plan been feeling less pissed at dikshita by the day so clearly moving on. that's pretty much about it. you go now.
User 2: exactly its fine. theres a first time to everything good luck with that. what about your placements though? yeaahhh. thats ma boi
User 1: that's the mumbai and bangalore part. i still don't have anything for next sem you deleted this message
User 2: nothing much going on. things with sakshi going good. chilling with the group and all getting admission into mcom to apply to us next year or just keep that open as an option
User 1: wait so you're applying now? and what about your job
User 2: still trying for it man. but mcom ill do distance education
User 1: why distance?! gtfo mumbai and what happened with bmw
User 2: so that i can work side by side
User 1: toh bc job toh le pehle man world is too small. so tinder girl. spoke for a few days. she asked me my insta handle and sent a request. when i was sending her a request i saw dikshitas best friend from us as mutual. i asked her how does she know her and turns out this girl (not even from my college) was in dikshitas class in school  but they weren't close so i guess eh. god is like ek aur chance de raha hu. hagna mat.
User 2: shouldve banged her but yeah small world
User 1: no i found out today morning only must try will try.
User 2: can i help you through it please call me i can make you get her
User 1: that's part of my exam tomorrow i really don't want her dude. kinda uggo
User 2: fuckk nice good luck
User 1: i can't see srraihhr
User 2: ??
User 1: i'm so drunk
User 2: figured
User 1: hi sup
User 2: hello whats up buddy hows it going
User 1: wish i could show you the ss from tinder it's fun but if wanna know more about you and sak
User 2: its going good its fun its better than what i expected and im happy with her shes a good girlfriend what more gossip you want?
User 1: do you want to get be me something i feel like you do
User 2: read that again
User 1: fucking understand man do youb want to tell me something
User 2: what do you want hahahah lil bitch
User 1: easy im drunk so tell go ahead yes i'm getting fucked ag
User 2: ooho by?
User 1: yeah no one so the tinder girls asked me and i chickened out
User 2: why though? its much better this way dude
User 1: fuck you it's hard alright
User 2: yeah i know its hard but just take the leap once you do it it wont be as hard besides feelings wont be involved just pleasure think about it
User 1: true turw bhai everytime i'm like yeah next yime i hope it works out i'm at a placement psrty you need to be to such parties cunt
User 2: hahahah hows it? im assuming youre drunk again you drink so much dude
User 1: haan ji
User 2: what up
User 1: can't a guy just drunk call another guy geez
User 2: was riding man dude youre becoming an alcoholic
User 1: welcome to the cross fade of manipal
User 2: whats the occasion?
User 1: well no occasion for pot cos well and cause friend got plaved
User 2: thats when you know youre becoming an alcoholic. when theres no occasion and youre drunk placed?
User 1: job arre not alcoholic i want to meet the girl but such bt have to decide tinder dafe man i fucking chicken out all the time
User 2: call her over for a pot session that way no chicken out
User 1: she will 
User 2: once shes nice and high as her to go back to the room
User 1: man too broke rn  amen inshallah all religions ns
User 2: get laid mann also recommend me some good movie or tv series
User 1: the spy marvelous mrs maisel mindhunter
User 2: cool thanks was gonna start this
User 1: hey bro mc so raha hai
User 2: yo phuk raha hu the weed
User 1: i miss when i had a good bong now i use a bottle bong lol
User 2: this is a crazy bong
User 1: haha same like this was there at friends placement party the other night
User 2: we do it with ice cold hits to yo so i wanna start with python as a prerequisite to the data science course im planning on doing. so should i go for the certified course on coursera or this reply you lil bitch
User 1: do video first so that you go through the coursera fas you'll just have to do the quizzes to pass and you'll get the certificate faster sorry i have been been off for a bit
User 2: cool you shouldve been here around this time
User 1: itna kya hogaya
User 2: monil, shailly and i
User 1: and?
User 2: may throw a joint birthday trip you shouldve been here mann going to school today
User 1: trip yo wtf?
User 2: yeah like a one two night lonu trip with e or probably acid also theres something cool i wanna tell you
User 1: marjoage sab but g1 throw it at me
User 2: so i was recently talking to tanisha and she told me she got drunk and hooked up with someone and all the while she was hooking up she was saying my name cause of how good it was for her when we did it
User 1: ya so wtf i hope dikshita is doing the same but damn delete the chat. the girlfriend can't know
User 2: hahahah yeah dude she kinda got pissed when i told her i spoke to tanisha and she still wants to get back
User 1:  why the fuck would you tell her anything related to tanisha i told you telling her about the driver knowing everything story was too much and that was toh in the past you stupid nibba tell her you talk to her once in a while but that's it being the good guy never ends well remember. little copyright if necessary little corruption is necessary
User 2: no you stupid she should know all this its politics
User 1: politics is saying the partial truth and keeping everyone happy nibba take notesss
User 2: https:9gag.comgagaz7p9w9?refios
User 1: love the extra drama
User 2: hahahah what a bitch what did she say?
User 1: she might be busy taking the villagers virginity in goa so hasn't replied 
User 2: hahahah wtf goa villagers
User 1: no the guy i threatened man keep up they went to goa together they there rn
User 2: oh yeah fuck what a bitch
User 1: it's chill man better life now ninety-eight done with the breakup
User 2: oh fuckk im genuinely happy to hear that bro when in december are you coming?
User 1: i'll come from goa directly so nothing decided dude dad agreed to send extra money for birthday i'm fucking surprised seeing that he said no booze
User 2: hahahah and im guessing youll be drunk all day
User 1: oh i'll tell you the week in october
User 2: dude if you were here, four of us would throw an amazing party
User 1: 2- friend photoshoot so drunk when is it?
User 2: maybe next week
User 1: arre yaar i actually can come after my birthday but seeing nothing is happening then i'll stay here
User 2: why drunk photoshoot?
User 1: photoshoot is basically their class having fun in campus and official class pictures
User 2: when you coming in december though
User 1: so drunk that night with class peeps is imp 1st week for sure
User 2: i have a cure for your hangover problem, im guessing youll have just drink when you feel hungover the next day
User 1: charlie harper told me the same :p but alcohol this sem has become too normal so it's good ain't no alcohol or pot stopping me hello
User 2: hello having crazy stoner session
User 1: chall i'll talk to parents and decide about the trip i want lonu lsd and e tell shells i miss her too
User 2: yeah one pill e bitch
User 1: each you mean?
User 2: yesss itll be crazy dude
User 1: bhenkichut let's make this work
User 2: yeah you let us know what the scene is
User 1: ganggang
User 2: well make it happen https:9gag.comgagadgjvj7?refios
User 1: guess the song
User 2: song of ice and fire game of thrones the res wedding i love this
User 1: hahah i played itttttttt bc birthday tha bata toh deta.
User 2: red
User 1: not my fault you're off the internet
User 2: i hate my birthday dude so i have a fake birthday on facebook since 4th grade
User 1: bro i won't be coming in october
User 2: whut why not? we would be on a trip right now if youd just told me earlier 
User 1: arre i told you i needed time to decide  sorry no
User 2: never mind whats up
User 1: my first date never been bored more bhai itni boring nahi jani chaiye plus she's a fucking kid bri got so irritated
User 2: hahahah its fine theres always someone
User 1: kudos  this is c but :p
User 2: hahahah maybe youre subconsciously picking any girl who looks like her
User 1: so negative you gotta be. i frame it as
User 2: go for chics hotter than diks
User 1: jo bhagwan de apna not greedu i hate to really admit but two thousand and nineteen might be dry
User 2: i doubt i feel youll fuck someone by the end of two thousand and nineteen
User 1: so i'm coming only you and humaid know it set the trip accordingly 7-12th october
User 2: okay done call me when youre free why you not coming on weekend? all weekdays
User 1: that is when my festbis so i won't miss much and i can't miss muchm low attendance
User 2: okay chal ill figure with the rest and let you know about the trip
User 1: five din tumhe mil lus baas dil bhar kayega
User 2: kya bolraha hai
User 1: you meet me for five days and at night and my heart shall be content
User 2: that i will anyway
User 1: airport pick up karne aajana please parents don't know i'm coming :p
User 2: yeah ill let you knoe know what times your flight
User 1: one thousand, one hundred and thirty pm on 7th
User 2: okay what times your return flight
User 1: 9:45
User 2: pm?
User 1: am
User 2: oh
User 1: dropping back is fine you have to come pick me up get strains otw mast hoga please bro since it's not my birthday yet i have to plead :p
User 2: hahahah okay cool ill figure
User 1: ly i'm so fucked i hope i don't pass out before twelve
User 2: dont drink more
User 1: there's going to be more pot and more alcholol and like kasol i won't stop ir
User 2: whats the occasion?
User 1: my birthday in thirty-four mins
User 2: fuck moms birthday in 34mins
User 1: meant to be :p wish karlio :pppppp im so fucked i love it
User 2: enjoy buddy
User 1: :))))
User 2: happy birthday buddy
User 1: thanks man
User 2: to be continued when you get here
User 1: :
User 2: excuse me stop sending kisses to my boyfriend how dare you
User 1: 12saal ki dosti toh hai hi nahi na???? needless to say my class is 
User 2: hahahah you coming tomorrow!
User 1: you better come tomorrow
User 2: ill have to figure so i have a movie date tomorrow
User 1: behenchod dono chup chap pick up karne aao
User 2: yolo what times your flight?
User 1: 1130pm
User 2: thats your landing time right?
User 1: yes
User 2: achha ill have to figure dude my car wont be available. ill have to ask the others ill let you know whats your take of time?
User 1: 9:54 what's the scene? i'll be there by 11ish
User 2: well come to get you
User 1: ae niba : t2 hai ha reached
User 2: were on our way
User 1: where did you reach
User 2: in twenty
User 1: chal aaja
User 2: haa kutte
User 1: beer cafe aaja
User 2: okay
User 1: take the middle row while coming
User 2: okay near beer cafe right? which gate?
User 1: two
User 2: yolo howd your parents react?
User 1: kya scene
User 2: yo lets chill when you get done with your friend. night would be too late
User 1: coolcool
User 2: yasmin tower
User 1: you ready?
User 2: yeah
User 1: be there in ten
User 2: cool call me yolo
User 1: guests over aaj na hoga
User 2: yeah i know
User 1: kya scene
User 2: 8:30 dont forget the smokes
User 1: back home. see you in dec boi
User 2: december it is buddy  im happy you came
User 1: such beauty posters for farewell from other sections lolll
User 2: what up back to college?
User 1: baas twenty mins bunking lectures today
User 2: did you?
User 1: na threw it :')
User 2: niceee
User 1: bro
User 2: yo
User 1: khud ka chutiya phirse katake aaya sigh
User 2: kya huaa?
User 1: today was dikshitas photoshoot and procession day so i decided not to go. but then few friends were there so i decided to go. was decent at start and then i passed dik. so i did the eyebrow hi
User 2: and?
User 1: and said hey looking pretty in sweet tone and simultaneously she looked at me and rolled eyes the fuck back and my friend who saw it was just like chod let's go i was so dumb struck accha hona hi chutiyap hak
User 2: tu chutiya hai why the fuck would you?
User 1: man i want to be nicer to people. i'm surpressing the judgemental part of me for couple of months now. i fucking texted her on my birthday i wanted to tell you this at divya's party but well that didn't work very well. anyway, college is practically over. whatever happens later, we were once a very integrated part of each other's life and we are bound to talk about the other in the future. it was a good journey, the bad part followed but i wanted to end with a hug and a smile. since the parley is down the drain, i'm just doing it here. i would like to wish you the best with your future endeavors. all the best with everything. bye bye :) yeah i'm prolly stupid
User 2: this is still fine be nice to the people who deserve it but its chill you a good guy she wasnt good enough for you
User 1: man such hostile atmosphere
User 2: thats what the world is my friend hostile
User 1: ah fair enough
User 2: except a few close friends and family prepare for war
User 1: na man ez life nikal raha hu be idhar sr chill karke niklu might as well
User 2: life is not easy dude so much ive learnt the hard way youve no idea
User 1: same same it's fine i prefer going the easier eay no revenge and shit bahut bade hogaye revenge ke liye
User 2: niceee what up buddy
User 1: today my last midterm exam was there kinda getting bt arghh
User 2: why? cause its all ending?
User 1: ha be. fun semester it has been new people
User 2: all good things must come to an end life
User 1: ek sem mai bahut baar hogaya
User 1: lol do you remember i threatened that surgeon dudr
User 2: yeah ds sisters boyfriend
User 1: so the sister got really pissed right
User 2: yes she did at you what happened?
User 1: so today i was walking on the road with a sutta in my mouth and see the other side, fucking dik and her sister and walking and dik was looking at me. then she tells her sister and she looks at me. i'm just like sup from the other side like nothing happened and they just walked off lolll
User 1: it was fun ae last month here bro
User 2: yeah buddy enjoy to the fullest when you returning
User 1: not decided yet lets see i'll book end mai
User 2: tell me then well plan for a trip accordingly divit is also coming
User 1: what are the tentative dates https:www.facebook.comsidhitandruncasevideos1553895341569824 do y'all know about this video or like case or something you
User 2: nope watched it for the first time why though?
User 1: so old case he rn i was smoking up and we found out that our new neighbor like a four month old who we're smoking with and we just found out
User 2: found out what? read all of that and tell me how much sense you make?
User 1: suspense okay so so we were smoking rn and we were talking about friends accident and then we went to the this accident so the neighbor was a guy in the csr and my roommate's family friend was the guy walking things got quite fucking heated
User 2: cst? csr car?
User 1: car
User 2: oh damn quite a coincidence the guy who was speeding and hit the other dude?
User 1: no his friend was driving
User 2: oh damnn so before finding that out it was chill
User 1: we men they sorted it out now we smoking again
User 2: hahahah thats pretty chill but i can imagine the argument mustve been intense
User 1: so that was a fun day
User 2: the fuck happened to you
User 1: man i was coming home on a two wheeler and auto rammed into me. i didn't fall because i wasn't fast. like i just stopped stationary. index finger came between brake and auto ki body i thought i was fine so side mai restaurant tha people helped me by giving ice. but since i was in shock, when i applied ice i just blacked out. like i woke 10s on the floor. one stitch mili i was supposed to get two but the fucking intern literally lost my skin. like she ripped it apart with her needle fyi this was directly after my exam so i can assure you i was sober eh entertaining day
User 2: fuck thats bad and thats your right hand howre you gonna write your exam? sorry, was driving my way to lonu. couldnt talk
User 1: i have four fingers left. if i hook up also tabhi juggad or else with exam also i'll ask for extra time cool hai i got a date with my crush clutch time
User 2: fuck seriously? why do i not know about her(him)
User 1: there has been too much sexual tension
User 2: do tell
User 1: so she finally asked me out 
User 2: who she crazyyy dont fuck it up
User 1: bc mumbai mai dikhaya that video mai na amen
User 2: nahi yaad mumbai ki hai?
User 1: yas https:youtu.bexro24-on04k
User 2: fuckkkkk call me right now you little bitchhhhh
User 1: badme
User 2: kutte
User 1: w her man 
User 2: crazyyy how was it though?
User 1: decent only. should have drank more water  but
User 2: why?
User 1: dry lag raha tha make out i don't know they might have changed the rules been out of the game for a bit so
User 2: no trust me just make out more often and youll start liking it
User 1: i have three weeks left sab fit karna abhi hi
User 2: wheres she from? your relationship has an expiry date?
User 1: mumbai only december lolllll
User 2: oh crazy where though? but good rebound you got
User 1: powai :p bro i think she likes me thoda
User 2: itll still be long distance
User 1: iske pehle sare hookup the chut marika hai kya i ain't getting into that shit again
User 2: you passed the test
User 1: aisa darao maat 
User 2: no be single for a while six months or so
User 1: yeah next sem also hookup dekhte hai itna nahi sochna but dating ki mkc boiiii it's not decided yet since my parents don't even know but i got a research internship in melbourne !!!!
User 2: oh fuckkk crazyyy dude when?
User 1: next sem
User 2: in terms of month?
User 1: jan may i think
User 2: niceee
User 1: you deleted this message that gif from forrest gump  outoutout
User 2: hahahah why would you even mention d
User 1: bro we are still friends no so we keep making fun of our exs at first i thought she was being weird but if a friend becomes uncomfu with that then it's an issue bc idhar bhi na atak jau
User 2: nahi atke ga just be into casual hook ups yolo
User 1: come pick me up
User 2: hoe by seven
User 1: cul
User 2: on my way yolo fuckin bitch
User 1: out for a movie
User 2: will you be in for strains evening ish then you go for your drinking scene divit also would be in hahahah done himanshu ditched your gay sex plan
User 1: you know it.
User 2: yooooo what happened?
User 1: found the pot but dad has gone for cricket so still haven't met him but yeah, dark times ahead rip
User 2: but does he for sure know? hows mom?
User 1: we'll find out everything together won't we she toh seemed normal only kya hi bolu
User 2: definitely keep us updated wheres the pott
User 1: bed side drawer  it's definitely not over
User 2: your hiding skills are amazing 
User 1: they aren't good and neither am i so 
User 2: before you get caught with it again. sellsmoke the half g preferably towith us
User 1: i can't just steal it 
User 2: ooooh they still have it? i thought it was yours that you got it back
User 1: yeah the exact thing that was in my wallet
User 2: oh shitt whens he gonna come back from cricket
User 1: 4ish
User 2: you gonna have so much anxiety but its fine
User 1: khubeb is on his way too
User 2: on my way yall reached?
User 1: yes
User 2: yolo
User 1: supp
User 2: stone tomorrow?
User 1: na man. i'm really broke
User 2: how were you coming for the trip then? 
User 1: trip parents would give specifically no
User 2: im sure after the events of yesterday. parents would give money for pott as well
User 1: let the confrontation happen  then i'm not stoning with y'all. parents only 
User 2: oh shitt now that youre not going youll be there for that 
User 1: abbe niche aana without aayush but acid poem
User 2:  stupid ass poem ?
User 1: arre for christmas drive tp i think arre main thing it's aafreens plan thats why you don't know :p
User 2: whut  christmas drive?
User 1: church wagera dekhege i guess. my main motive is to get out of the house and stone. (hopefully ho inke pass)
User 2: hahahah jao jao albert pe mil but
User 1: when are you going
User 2: 15-20
User 1: how much to take for two people
User 2: if you wanna get fucked take a big crumbs packet
User 1: if there's some left over then winner winner chicken dinner at stairs
User 2: dont have leftover crumbs theyre difficult to eat as it is
User 1: like i tell him that when i go?
User 2: no no call me been a while
User 1: https:www.learnpython.org https:www.youtube.complaylist?listpl6gx4cwl9dgacbmi1sh6oamk4jhw91mc https:www.youtube.complaylist?listplqvvvaa0qudeaams7fkdcwogbpgdhpxln https:docs.python.org3.7tutorialindex.html https:docs.google.compresentationd1k8kh9saxhfxvbvrtmoyweis5ikqjybqs2nsbr8qqaeditslideid.g4d27f7c8e7067
User 2: thanks buddy
User 1: i got all these from my internship to study in case someone is new to python
User 2: its helpful. thanks what you up to?
User 1: sutta by 7:30?
User 2: later at night?
User 1: yeah cool text me
User 2: im staying over at mazgon only until monday well get crumbs how was your high yesterday?
User 1: noooo not today kafi and we didnt even finish the bad hahaha woh uske parents ke saath aaj khayegi when her dad comes back lolll
User 2: hahahahaha  chal cool. ill have khubs will also meet in the night
User 1: chalo cool text me
User 2: donee
User 1: bro anushka is definitely not coming to lonavala allowed nahi hoga
User 2: why?
User 1: arre it's far no
User 2: thought it was chill for her
User 1: she thought it was in mumbai only
User 2: ask her to come to the chembur exit we can pick her up from there
User 1: arre not that. her mom won't be fine with her going to lonavala. distance wise. mumbai mai she has all night permission
User 2: ask her to say shes going to mumbai but take her lonavla
User 1: and we'll come back too fucking late and we know it
User 2: well leave by evening. reach in the night
User 1: how is that fine  mumbai mai you don't stay outside the house for 24hors
User 2: ask her to try
User 1: no bro even i'm doubtful now 
User 2: wtf sutta later 
User 1: bro where will you keep the half bag
User 2: khubs will keep were going to score the pills in the night meet4smok?
User 1: arre toh even i'll come at night we'll get a full bag only not rn in a bit i just woke up everyone? who will pick up the bag lol
User 2: dont know. shailly has spoken to srk
User 1: sister is over. should be a fun night
User 2: yayyy tell mee what happened
User 1: after i came back from albert i asked her she's like i'll talk tomorrow smh
User 2: she gonna chicken out?
User 1: seems like it i'll do it if she doesn't
User 2: crazy do let me know did you decide anything about 31st
User 1: till now i'm out only i'll tell you when i book the room why isn't sakshi doing e???
User 2: time pass cool
User 1: ????? she was excited what happened
User 2: arey shell do it
User 1: oh
User 2: yolo
User 1: i'll meet you at night only out rn
User 2: cool im coming with the stash
User 1: we here onlyyy
User 2: cool
User 1: brooooo
User 2: what happened tell me first dont tell them first tell mee bol
User 1: wait
User 2: tell mee first
User 1: chutiya ladki dikshita related turns out that she's living in the same pg i'm in. and so is her ex the one i threatened  tu gay hai
User 1: delete it ruins the fun delete
User 2: say say
User 1: good save 
User 2:  booked a room?
User 1: yeppp yo yo if you just crush the strainn will the smell stay on you like it did on my mom because that's her fucjing explanation
User 2: hahahah
User 1: not funny
User 2: fuck
User 1: tempers are bad
User 2: so she didnt smoke?
User 1: sister and i fought badly but that's not possible right i'm confirming
User 2: cool whats happening with your room scene
User 1: . happening that's finen
User 2: depends did she hand crushing?
User 1: i'm sure but itni smell?
User 2: yeah and why would she?
User 1: ?
User 2: crush
User 1: "to check what it was"
User 2: could be it could smell
User 1: na bro you'll smell in their hands and not on them happy new year's  how was the e trip?????
User 2: happy new years buddy the longest and craziest trip ever
User 1: when will you come back? bataaa
User 2: met khubeb?
User 1: even he was at jj and then i checked my car wasn't there so ditched mohammed too :p one pill each no
User 2: yeah he called me almost yolo
User 1: sup
User 2: meet4smok? listen were planning to chill youll come?
User 1: i'll join in going to mafatlal for dinner shouldn't take long
User 2: okay cool
User 1: what scene
User 2: where you at? ??
User 1: mafatlal
User 2: when you getting back? everyones ready
User 1: i'll leave in five
User 2: come quick
User 1: omw
User 2: who you pickin first?
User 1: y'all decide
User 2: where are you? pick shailly up
User 1: cool i'll talk to her
User 2: yolo
User 1: sup
User 2: when you leaving?
User 1: 11th afternoon
User 2: what you been up to? chill tonight?
User 1: albert ???
User 2: no cant rn how long will you guys chill for?
User 1: i won't for long reddit is for the dark side of moi  you find this only on insta
User 2: basically you watch porn dude but the memes on reddit are better than 9gag
User 1: man i'm bored bored
User 2: she will block you
User 1: this is how you texted on tinder and stuff haha she just continued with the dry replies fuck stupid cunts
User 2: hahahah say something controversial to take the dryness away dude you wont be there for humaids room scene?
User 1: no mannn today hookah thing and tomorrow biswah then i meet diks
User 2: see you tonight then fuckk youll go  be excited for the right things 
User 1: yeah man this time even i'm feeling it arghhg bro did you see the pwc link i sent on the group look into it
User 2: yes i shall
User 1: now
User 2: i did the day you sent it
User 1: take the step and just get outta here man apply and actually just go for it
User 2: not delhi though
User 1: gurgaon is lit af and safe enough for guys
User 2: yo
User 1: sup
User 2: how you going? to humaids?
User 1: mon
User 2: cool. pick me too
User 1: mazagaon?
User 2: agripada listen missed voice call yo have a safe flight enjoy your time there
User 1: safe flight is fine i hope i don't dieee in bangalore
User 2: why? diks will kill
User 1: or maybe i kill that pussy again
User 2: no youll do no such thing
User 1: duh but need someone else to tell that too
User 2: did anushka go to paris?
User 1: yepp she downloaded bumble for bffs i guess i know where i won't be wasting time 
User 2: hahahah were gonna go for humaids scene now
User 1: fuck man i fucking didn't wanna miss it ya
User 2: we still havent gone yet
User 1: no stash?
User 2: no clue about the stash khubeb will get i think
User 1: bro already found a group and hasn't been an hour since i came two are manipal alumnis
User 2: chalu tera chodu
User 1: bro i just asked for a lighter they are like bhetja seems like we both doing things we loveeee
User 2: crazy fuck you missed it
User 1: and you aren't even sending enough snaps ish
User 2: i dont do that gay shit
User 1: then how will you know how im feeling
User 2: who was that? did you already meet dikshita?
User 1: yeah at brunch only she saw me and her expression was like wtf.... m but yeah we spoke. i told her might as well get rid of the awkwardness today only
User 2:  dont give her bhao
User 1: don't wanna be negative man so my roommate moves in in wednesday turns out. i know him from manipal the dude anushka rejected  you deleted this message
User 2: the world is a small place
User 1: fuck my luck is all someone likes the new jenit mmmmmm
User 2: so farhan is here hahahah
User 1: lol i knew
