User 1: bro. score 0.5t. you me maaz will spilt kal hi
User 2: cool
User 1: whats the scene
User 2: ill come there in a bit
User 1: cool
User 2: get down nine billion, one hundred and sixty-seven million, five hundred and thirty-three thousand, one hundred and seventy-nine bhavya this guy is shreyanshs friend, hell meet you at puneet wines near wadala station. call him before going and tell him that shreyas gave you his number and you want a gram
User 1: bro is it fine if i get the crumbs? we'll get more quantity but it'll be thoda hard for you to give your friend coming?
User 2: yes in fifteen mins
User 1: get some box come straight from albert, not stairs bro come fast
User 2: im under monils building waiting for him where are you ?
User 1: albert lane
User 2: coming
User 1: where are you when is your flight
User 2: sunday bro
User 1: okay so just an early farewell i guess but anyway
User 2: thank you so much bro, really needed this. ill really miss you
User 1: :d
User 2: sab mast chal raha bro i have an assignment with arduino board can you help ?
User 1: i don't code arduino but tell i'll juggad
User 2: cool ill message you on monday because ill be doing the project on monday
User 1: just send the problem statement
User 2: ill call you actually
User 1: or something
User 2: its not a problem we had to make a prototype so need to code that
User 1: what does the prototype do farhan!! code aise kaise likhe lol
User 2: bro coding to ho gaya how to make an interactive app prototype
User 1: user interface? bro you want the interface on your local computer only right? you don't need to host it on the internet right? for his this https:www.allaboutcircuits.comprojectsusing-an-arduino-as-a-web-server so in this, you just have to change the html part to display the buttons and text fields you want to
User 2: i just need to show how my app will look
User 1: you don't have to show it work? like demo?
User 2: no just the design
User 1: oh like that wait let me ask my friend try the app figma it's for design only
User 2: cool thanks bro
