User 1: oue . check snapchat . my sister won't be able to do much without the name of a faculty . try to find
User 2: yeah . thanks man
User 1: apne hi kaam aate hai
User 1: which dept
User 2: as in ?
User 1: my sister asked which dept are they recruiting for . like taxation auditing blah blah
User 2: technical yst or something like that . consultancy part
User 1: accha kkay
User 2: some mihir gandhi is the partner or something
User 1: should be enough . didn't y'all get holiday on the passing of atul bihari
User 2: no . selected
User 1: nice . december or summer
User 2: summer
User 1: chal you let me know your dept details and everything i'll ask my sister to set it up . stipend ?
User 2: yes . set it up ? . 30k
User 1: bc . like try to get me in . asap . what all did they ask you
User 2: achha
User 1: what all did they ask you
User 2: i'll tell you later . i'm getting calls and all
User 1: congrats ke ?
User 2: ha
User 1: theek hai chal . whats your departments name in pwc
User 2: no idea . fhey haven't even told me where i'm gonna get the job
User 1: bandra only
User 2: i've put the preferences as mumbai pune bangalore . i hope it's mumbai
User 1: try to find the department na
User 2: i'm trying but idk if they'll tell us so early . next summer ka hai . what happened ?
User 1: i have interview for schneider electric . but i don't really want it . so if i get pwc then i can bomb that interview
User 2: fuck even you're coming to pwc ! ? . it'll be a blast ! . i hope we get the same office
User 1: my sister will pass the application if you find the department
User 2: cool i'll try asking
User 1: man in the interview he asked me if i know web dev . when i said he stopped caring . he didn't even ask anything 
User 2: how many interviews were there ? . you got selected ?
User 1: they haven't announced it . but mostly won't . they don't want any ai people . sad
User 2: whyy . but you would have killed the interview
User 1: he didn't ask anything  . he asked one 1stbyear question that i answered
User 2: how long was your interview ? . and ?
User 1: use baad he didn't ask only man 
User 2: fuck . tell me when the results are announced
User 1: dude apparently everyone was asked minimum four questions . fucked
User 2: hope for the best
User 1: lol no
User 2: what do you call a fat girl with a rape whistle ?
User 1: fuck tell
User 2: optimistic
User 2: what's the most expensive haircut
User 1:  .
User 2: chemotherapy
User 2: where did sally go during the bombing ?
User 1: where
User 2: everywhere . digging up something to do is difficult . guess necrophilia isn't for everyone
User 1: na
User 2: chutiya
User 1: it just wasn't funny enough for my level what to do
User 2: you send your level jokes na then . 
User 1: insta i send na
User 2: i want dark jokes
User 1: your mom isn't home ?
User 2: 
User 1: you are the one asking fornit
User 2:  . happyy birthdayy jenitt . i hope you're sober enough to read this
User 1: i'm so hungover . thank you fam
User 2: i'm quite busy in the bathroom right now so i can't find our pictures . but i'm gonna humiliate you on instagram soon so keep checking
User 1: man . i'm going to regret it . fuck
User 1: mihika will be pretty happy looking at your story . glad that she broke up lol
User 2:  . three of my friends asked if you're actually gay . including jam . aashi added to the list of laughers . she doesn't know that pout wala photo is "aashi pout" na
User 1: dude i unfollowed her . can't see . that thing on instagram ? . where you can segregate your stories ?
User 2: as in ? . yes . arey she replied "" to my story . how
User 1: idk
User 2:  . wtf . does your jiju have a sister ?
User 1: yep . one year senior . sort
User 1: plus science . so not even dumb . did you get any
User 2: no time only dude
User 1: wtf . you don't study . football isn't that important . your footballs need some sport
User 2: i don't study engineering stuff . i've started time . football also i barely play once in a month . currently it's enthusia dude . i'm the executive director na
User 1: fuck nice . fuck . when will that get over
User 2: december
User 1: use this power to locate them girls
User 2: in vjti sure
User 1: notice i didn't say hot ones . learn from dhaval
User 2: what's the point then . lol we're very different
User 1: i was talking about mihika with arusha . even she doesn't like her 
User 2: who's arusha
User 1: kc classmate man . from pace
User 2: i've heard this name for the first time . is she ho . hot
User 1: she is one of the decent south mumbai ones . yep . facebook her
User 2: arusha what
User 1: ellias
User 2: woahh . she's our age ? . how does she know mihika ? . school i guess
User 1: yes . mihika was her senior na . school . do y'all still talk
User 2: yeah we do
User 1: lol . hurt to see your tanish post
User 2: he's still a friend . i posted five for you
User 1: awes . jk .  . dude . finally manipal mai chutiya kata . lost my first close friend yesterday . khata khul gaya 
User 2: fuck . kya hua
User 1: same exact thing as all the best friends in jaihind . kotesh somi etc . lol
User 2: i don't really know what happened with them
User 1: chutiya kata . shit
User 2: aur isne kaise chutiya kata ?
User 1: don't ask . i'm just smoking too much  to get rid of it . my parents are here lol
User 2: wtf . bhaijaan . fuck the  . it's not gonna help at all
User 1: from first hand point of view . it works . lol
User 1: couldn't keep up
User 1: send samels number . jogging ayega ?
User 2: enthu chalu hai bro . udhar full day khelna hota hai . dinner ka plan banate hai na . i've to reach college at nine today . opening ceremony in the evening . and my badminton matches in the morning
User 1:  . this is the only thing i understood . ha
User 2:  . fuck dude this physiz thing i'd damn serious
User 1: u was polite before this . abhishek band karwana hai
User 2: abhishek ?
User 1: abhi iske . 
User 1: all the best for the match
User 2: thanks . i'm playing on a proper court after almost three years
User 1: me with today's jog 
User 1: i wanna be on the smt reunion group 
User 2: you aren't there ? . you are there !
User 1: that's mumbai ka number . ninety wala add kar
User 2: okay
User 1: i'm leaving on the 3rd . description hi 5-6th ka hai 
User 2: that was in the beginning . abhi we'll discuss . i'm leaving on the 2nd
User 1: where
User 2: north . amritsar mi shimla etc
User 1: family ?
User 2: college
User 1: you're going to the home of cannabis sativa . please engage, like most of the people who will .
User 2:  . you know i won't
User 1: you'll gain holiday weight . and chalejayege . will help keep your metabolism up . plus you will love the feeling of being able to feel your neurons fire at a higher rate . you'll think of the weirdest shit ever 
User 2: dude . get a power bank and a type c cord . please . without fail
User 1: i don't have power bank
User 2: harami
User 1: tell him to keep this very discreet
User 2: yes . should i send him the previous stuff so that he understands why we're doing this ?
User 1: isn't he your friend . just tell him no questions
User 2: yes . okay cool
User 1: thanks
User 2: just send the stuff that you wanna write
User 1: wajt
User 2: he's the guy who says "alaram" instead of alarm
User 1: bhejta hu rukh 
User 2: both of them deleted
User 1: thanjs . i'm writing the thing ha . wait
User 2: yeah yeah aram se
User 1: this is to certify that mr . jenit jain, a student of manipal institute of technology, has successfully completed a summer internship as a backend developer from may two thousand and eighteen - july 2018 . jenit mainly worked on developing models for the detection and classification of various crops and diseases by deploying several machine learning algorithms . he was also a part of the development team responsible for the integration of the models with the webpage . tell him to do the font size and all according to the original doent . and thank him tons
User 2: yes . good enough ?
User 1: i'd suck his cock if i could
User 2:  . so done na ? no more editing ?
User 1: l . also please remove the technically sound . okay no . just keep change it to . we found him to be technically sound and hard-working during his tenure with us . ask him that when he puts the top of this, to crop the address thoda niche
User 2: he's gone out . he'll do the rest tomorrow
User 1: opposite the vertical linr . chill hai . can you please ask him to make this last change  . we found him to be technically sound and hard-working during his tenure with us . nahi toh chod chill haj . thank him a lot
User 2: cool . dude what are the dates for alibaug ?
User 1: you deleted this message . 28-30
User 2: bc i'll miss three labs
User 1: cool thanks
User 1: say
User 2: where the fuck are you ? . we've reached
User 1: on the way . go to apollo . company ka line
User 2: what happened to the word 'punctuality' ? . i'm standing with the groom's family
User 1: bhai dhol and all . ha on the way
User 2: oh . bc where are you ?
User 1: aajao . you deleted this message
User 2:  ?
User 1: nothing
User 2: where are you ?
User 1: photo is done
User 2: call asap . what happened . where are you ? . bro . she doesn't come online man . the last message i sent was at around 10ish
User 1:  . never double text
User 2: so i'll just wait ? . i know you never do this . but why doesn't she reply man ! . i hope i haven't screwed up
User 1: play hard to get . i hope you know what this means
User 2: i know . but she's doing that rn
User 1: she's doing that . that's what i meant . you're in no position . if you do that, then y'all will never talk
User 2: what would you do if you were me
User 1: snapchat par add karde . baas . not fb
User 2: chutiya hai kya . already ?
User 1: hm . no actually
User 2: don't you think i should wait for a reply and then do it like after some time
User 1: haa just wait i guess . ayega hopefully
User 2: inshallah . dudee . i'll call you after my lecture . she replied !
User 1: i'll be busy in a bit . screenshots . long screenshot bhej
User 2: and hadbadi me i replied too . because i opened her chat . nahi hota phone me
User 1: wah . normal bhej
User 2: wait i'll send in a bit . first bench pe hu
User 1: except the early reply it's fine whatever you wrote . don't chicken out on please
User 2: what ?
User 1: when it comes to actually meeting her and going somewhere and then hooking up
User 2: i won't . what's wrong with that
User 1: sakthi bhai . sakth reh . otherwise zyada needy hua toh dikat hai
User 2: ha . true
User 1: send the partner's name na
User 2: wait . shoumik dasgupta
User 1: kya bheja usne bata 
User 2: usne reply nahi kiya abhi yaj . take . tak
User 1:  . you also don't reply till tomorrow morning in case she texts before . but if she texts really late then reply
User 2: yes . i was thinking the same . dude . what was that place where you got the internship
User 1: physiz . why
User 2: are chutiya russia wala . do you know archit pai ? . in manipal
User 1: no
User 2: he's in cs 3rd year
User 1: but like i know belarus offers came out . no bro . but they are in different places . why tho
User 2: achha cuck . chuck . friends were asking . tejgupte ? . tej gupte
User 1: bro section puch . i barely know twenty people except my section in cs
User 2: nahi pata chhod . he's some nri . are teri baat kar raha tha friends see so they were like i wanna meet this guy . 
User 1: kyu
User 2: woh tere cousin ko tu  bola na sangeet me . woh story sunaya
User 1:  . yashvee ?
User 2: college friends re . she hasn't replied yet
User 1: lol
User 2: assholes . asshole
User 1: bhai chode . she's clearly not interested . you also become disinterested
User 2: let's see man . if she replies then cool otherwise i'm not gonna double text
User 1: even if she replies just kill the conversation eventually
User 2: i still feel she's interested . and still playing hard to get . so if she's replying positively i'll continue . otherwise chuck i have a life
User 1: katega
User 2: love the support
User 1: just monday to friday . ladki chaiye ya job bc 
User 2: i know
User 1: is it still going on ?
User 2: yeah we're talking but it's really slow . as in she doesn't come online much . very rarely . i told her we should meet and she said yes but we haven't yet met . it's slow but it's not negative
User 1: synonyms
User 2: no . she talks nicely
User 1: that's what hoes do to keep their options duh
User 2: i can see this going ahead . please don't ruin it for me
User 1: mu se moongfali nahi tut rahi hai gaand se akrot todega sala
User 2:  . call me . your number is unreachable
User 1: i'm in the theater . sup
User 2: enjoy the movie
User 1: what is your job requisition number
User 2: no idea . we don't know anything apart from the fact that we're interns
User 1: any email address
User 2: nope
User 1: wtf . do you even only your departments name
User 2: nothing bro . they've told us nothing . call me asap . number bhej na . i can't find it . oye . i need an advice
User 1: fuck her right in the pussy
User 2: college ka ek tapori ladka hai . kal ek football match me jhagda ho raha tha and i'm one of the committee members toh rokne gaya . this bastard who wasn't even playing comes from behind and hits me on my head, and does a john cena ka "you can't see me" thingy and runs away . an hostelite hai toh waha pe uske dost the sab mawali so i couldn't do anything . sab ne bola complain likh de toh i did it but i regret not being able to hit him . tu mere jaga hota toh kya karta ? . chup . i've never even spoken to this asshole but he hates me since two years apparently because jalta hai shayad . chhapri hai ek number ka . aaj bhi ground pe shamelessly aankh dikha raha tha
User 1: honestly i have learned that never fuck with localites . kannda people are worse than maharashtrians yho
User 2: i couldn't do anything kyuki all his hostelite friends are mawalis and plus i don't wanna be counted as one . i don't wanna fight in the college premises and ruin my name in front of the faculty
User 1: so i think you fuck him up as much through the complaint
User 2: and if that doesn't work ?
User 1: bro itna kare toh suna de
User 2: i wanna humiliate him verbally
User 1: bc make sure there are people around you
User 2: yes
User 1: if you can them for sure
User 2: but the moment i do this i'm sure people are gonna get physical . but this thing hurt my ego dude . i didn't do shit and this guy comes and hits me from the back . gand marneki hai saale ki
User 1: bro if it keeps doing then fuck his case . whatever happened till now you can't do anything since it happened and you didn't do anything . complaint se kitna you can fuck him up . also try to get proof for his behavior . like next time maybe voice record or something . is he built up
User 2: expelled hopefully . ghanta . baila hai sala
User 1: karvadr . here won't get a job anyway . your complaint is fine . my friend was called by the hod because he verbally abused someone in bihari .  . bihari is too fun . i'll teach yall
User 1: what's up with your and yashvee
User 2: we met today ;) . aise achanak how come you asked ?
User 1: i'm good lol . did y'all do anything . and dating ? . high
User 2: nothing much for now . just hugged real tight and a few pecks on the cheeks
User 1: virgin . kiss her next time
User 1: about time . or she'll get bored . mihika got bored in two weeks so we started making out
User 2: i don't know where but . as in can't kiss her in a restaurant, we don't hang out at our homes, kaise karunga
User 1: ummk . i have been caught in mumbai so my advice went be useful
User 2:  . useless
User 1: tell her to get her car once . or like the movies
User 2: i can take my car
User 1: that is why i said her car . but yeah . next time . go for it
User 2: i said i can
User 1: man i'm high . and these people are so drunk . you should really move out of mumbai . lelio . next time without fail
User 2:  . i'm dying to . yes
User 1: may allah be with you . tu haga to aakararungq . it's been over a month . weaj
User 2: what ?
User 1: aakar marunga
User 2:  .  ?
User 1: i don't what i'm typing to be honest . sirf kuxh karna
User 2: hahahaha bro i'm not going out with her just so that i can make out . i genuinely like this girl
User 1: show it like humans do
User 2: as in ?
User 1: i can't dumb it down more
User 2: try
User 1: left hang typing is a lot of effort
User 2: voice note . bro . do you have hotstar ? . got ke liye chahiye
User 1: my roommate ka is connected so i never bought it
User 2: areyy . missandei dies
User 1: fuck of . i have maths tomorrow
User 2: you gave me the worst spoiler
User 1: lol . byee
User 2: bye
User 1: lol
User 2: oye . what are you doing tomorrow ?
User 1: don't know man . i'm fucked for vacations
User 2: why ?
User 1: kal batata hu
User 2: cool
User 1: ummn .  .
User 2: exactly
User 1: every muslim girl i kissed on the cheek is now engaged or married or something
User 1: dude watch kota factory
User 2: after exams
User 1: watch first ten mins
User 2: bc kal rape hone wala haj . hai . i wasted two days . aaj toh impossible
User 1: been there . which subject
User 2: wireless networks
User 1: tell topics man . tcp ip ?
User 2: not exactly . bluetooth, hiperlan, 802 .11 etc
User 1: nevermind you're on your own all the best
User 2:  . thanks . fuck dude . kota factory baap
User 1: dude see the entire thing . itna zyada throwback
User 2: i know right ! . inorganic chem wala kya baap tha
User 1: exactly man . too relatable . see the full thing . i binged it too lel
User 2: i saw four episodes . an baki ka after my last paper . ab
User 1: there are only five :p
User 2: wtf . then i'm watching it now
User 1: obviously . man i might get an internship . but at thane 
User 2: pwc is in thane too ?
User 1: my sister goes to bandra . your thing might be diff . surprising how little they've told y'all about the job lol
User 2: they're damn vague . two days ago we got our offer letter and some people come to know that they're supposed to join pune office . luckily i'm in mumbai . shivaji park . enterprise apps-sap
User 1: o nice
User 2: which office does your sister go to ?
User 1: bandra one
User 2: achha . what's her los ?
User 1: los ?
User 2: line of service . advisory, assurance, tax ?
User 1: tax . sup
User 2: achha . damn tired man . you say
User 1: khali khali panchat
User 2: why not ?
User 1: are y'all doing proper work there but
User 2: no . arey i still haven't got any work . monday onwards
User 1:  . what do you do then in that cafe
User 2: eat lol . two days toh orientation tha . aaj first day . nesco gaya tha . udhar bhi time pass . we've go do some mandatory e-learning
User 1: oh yeah . dude you should do courses on coursera . and tumhari college mai bhi companies are going to come as soon as college restarts na
User 2: yes . but i don't have time . gmat dena hai
User 1: bro so commerce related courses bhi hai kafi . or anything related to whatever you wany
User 2: yeah . karna toh hai hi
User 1: yashvee joined your classes lel ?
User 2: balls
User 1: didn't you say she was going to
User 2: she was gonna join mba classes . not mine necessarily . she's in ims
User 1: any girls at the internship . prospective girls
User 2: many . none yet . time hi nahi mila . but "apna time aayega"
User 1: tu bhai chare mai hi toh har jata hau . kabhi na bola kar . nahi, you're not friend zoned
User 2: bhai chara bandh kar diya . na bola kar ?
User 1:  . you're not friend zoned . i would still consider you as a dating option . this attitude is needed . also weren't no supposed to go and meet puru and all right
User 2: abhi wohi attitude imbibe kiya hai . bas koi chahiye jispe implementation karu . kya bol raha hai ? . brownie khaya kya ?
User 1: joint lol . fuck it . all the best bye
User 2: chal bye . see you on the weekend
User 1: decide karo yaar
User 2: milind man
User 1: i think dikshita just broke up with me
User 2: wtf . why do you think so ? . pura story bol
User 1: she can't get over what i did last sem . and she can't forget it . and she doesn't feel the same way . and she doesn't like ldr . and she blames me for not having guy friends . and she thinks she needs my permission to do stuff which she obviously doesn't and i don't expect
User 2: with that chick ?
User 1: no the guy i threatened
User 2: oh . what exactly did she tell you ?
User 1: she doesn't feel the same way basically . might be the summer ldr
User 2: i think this can be talked out . exactly
User 1: she flying rn so can't even do that . i think i just have to wait for the sem to stay
User 2: first thing after she lands
User 1: start . i'll have to leave her alone till college
User 2: you talk to her during vacations right ? . achha ha that's there too . give it time . i don't think she's gonna break up
User 1: she didn't talk much and she's like not telling you what i've been doing every minute of everyday made her feel good
User 2: it's the vacation probably
User 1: she did . probably
User 2: college ja ke baat kar, sab theek ho jayega . she's a mature girl . she'll understand . this is no good reason for a break up
User 1: i have no idea what was this morning . i don't know what's happening . and why . all i've done is be good to her . this is fucking bs . man i'm so fucked
User 2: and possessive in terms of that guy
User 1: man fuck that guy
User 2: no you're not !
User 1: bosdika
User 2: relax . bhosdika . do one thing, try calling rujuta up . spend some time with her if she's free . milind might be free too but i'm not sure
User 1: meri gf ko bolta hai you're diamond and what not and if i say something then it's my fault
User 2: we'll meet on the weekend
User 1: okay
User 2: arey yeh sab chat pe discuss nahi karte be bohot type karna padega . sunday milna hai ?
User 1: cool . believe me when i tell you i can't come i'll tell you the reason later
User 2: are you coming for lunch ? . oye .  brownie wale ka koi aur number hai ? . the old one is unreachable
User 1: nope
User 2: cool . dude you called last night ?
User 1: sorry for the drunk dialing but i don't remember at all
User 1: everyone over here is hungover 
User 2:  . call me asap . dude . if you have the data set then pass it on na
User 2: do you have the images that you were taking screenshots of ? woh plants ke ?
User 1: imagenet .com . you'll get all classes of images
User 2: okay thanks . sun 2k gpay kar na
User 1: end of the vacation hi ho payega . or i can give you some cash today
User 2: gpay hi kar fir
User 1: arre i don't use that here so dad won't give . and mom found  in my wallet so things are thoda tense at home . but yeah i'll try too juggad . give me couple of days
User 2: yeah bro aaram se . itna bhi urgent nahi hai
User 1: cool cool . bolne ki himmat hi nahi
User 2: arey tere chat ka hi bheja . galti se tujhe bheja
User 1: kisko bhejta rehta hai 
User 2: ek friend hai . he loves your stories that i tell him
User 1: i'd tell intro but well tu hi kaha milta hai
User 2: taunt game kaafi strong
