User 1: yo . what's the scene like at the party
User 2: it's lit dude come here
User 1: haha nice . i'm on my way to goa .  feel like such a  to ditch jeet
User 2: he's gonna kill you dude  . which train did you take ? that flake rishabh said all the trains got cancelled
User 1: there's a reason that his nick name is nag . 5:50pm mumbai express  . are you in the hospital rn ?
User 2: yup . i'll go home for a bit in the eve to get some stuff . spending the night here
User 1: okay . chal you guys take care . do let me know if harshit and i can help in anyway .
User 2: hey listen . do you have bi notes ? . and what's that guy's name who sits between the two of us
User 1: mostly going to get them by 12 . i don't know  . let's just hope he gets notes
User 2: get them ? 
User 1: rishabsomiya are making notes mostly
User 2: anyway if you can write the last few subtopics i doubt i'll finish . it's too much  . he got it for 1st assignment but 2nd he was using the textbook only
User 1: i'm still stuck on se .
User 2: they sit so far away tho . dude don't do se that guy doesn't give fucks
User 1: after he sends pictures i'll copy them down in my notebook
User 2: you can copy straight off the slides
User 1: can't copy when you don't know the subject
User 1: nothingnks gonna come off the slides
User 2: cools, do the last part first tho we'll switch notes then
User 1: we'll have to draw a dfd . alrigjt
User 2: oh shit yeah
User 1: are you in class ?
User 2: yes
User 1: what's he doing
User 2: assignment
User 1: wtf
User 2: lol . he's teaching
User 1: bruh you don't pull this shit
User 2: but he'll probs give the sessional papers in the next class
User 1: did he get them
User 2: he has a bag so either that or assignment
User 1: fuck alright . i'm home safe :)
User 2: scene . rish with you ?
User 1: he came to pragati then went to  tanvis place i think . tell me what happened
User 2: dude . he's taking the couch
User 1: you skipped way ahead . i'm asking about in dt . how did the events unroll
User 2: soja bkl
User 1: rude people bye . tel
User 1: he's doing natak . so . thanks for a party that i can't remember 
User 2: beat  . best . man we didn't get a y don't we picture
User 1: i'm glad i didn't land up in kmc . not taking a picture is the least of my concerns  . damn chill party tho . :) . fucking my phone barely survived . listen
User 2: what's up . party of the sem
User 1: thanks for the early reply tho . do you where to score from
User 2: lmao . i can ask around gimme a bit
User 1: thank youu . i have written notes for chapter 7,12,8,9,14,21 . rest i'm doing from ppt or handouts
User 2: files is which chapter . handouts ?
User 1: yas
User 2: what handouts
User 1: you deleted this message
User 1: ill put everything on a drive and send you the link
User 2: thanks 
User 1: chill out about the teasing alright . don't tell rishab or he'll shout at me
User 2: yeah dw . also do you have someone i can score from
User 1: mee
User 2: perf, but i don't want a lot like enough for 2-3 js
User 1: tomorrow ? . or today
User 2: tomorrow . like today now
User 1: hello
User 2: 
User 1: i know
User 2: wru
User 1: stop usinf that word . home . what scene
User 2: okay mary jane
User 2: nothing muski and i wanted to stone and get breakfast . rish wants to go day drinking
User 1: come home and stone only 
User 2: in for this after 1pm, anushka and muskaan are also coming
User 1: yall me harshit
User 2: balz
User 1: small family
User 2: balzz x2
User 2: muskaan will love that 
User 1: only she will . she hasn't found anyone new like you
User 2: it's been two years 
User 1: accha so what scene . you coming here ?
User 2: yeah, to score
User 1: love how you specified it . five hundred ca i'll give
User 2: not  with harshit and all . score 
User 1: thanks for mentioning
User 1: i toh thought harshit was in for some morning bonanza
User 2: can you come down w it pls  . done
User 1: ha
User 2: cools coming in 10 . do you have gogo . or can you roll one j rest i'll roll
User 1: no
User 2: bt . okay get rolling paper pls
User 1: ha . where you at
User 2: yoo . 6pm you in ?
User 1: where
User 2: 4:30 . pearl
User 1: chal lets see
User 2: if you have cards or anything get that
User 1: might not make it
User 2: get . avengers then def get
User 1: who said i'm coming . yo . wake n bake ?
User 2: wanna stone at malpe
User 1: too late for it now . that's a three am plan
User 2: we just got the car 
User 1: i'm in
User 2: fucking zoomcar is crying about dl
User 1: i have
User 2: i uploaded they haven't approved it
User 1:  . who all
User 2: i'll call ya when we get to pragati . you me music
User 1: if i'm invited
User 2: muski . calling rish
User 1: noice
User 2: he's out
User 1: lol what a wuss . force him na
User 2: he's in the middle of something apparently
User 1: is it sleep
User 2: do you have an aux cable ?
User 1: yes . sup
User 2: come down . left of pragati . where do we get ocb
User 1: you don't know about the girl from country inn
User 2: as in
User 1: you didn't hear from me
User 2: ha i knew tho . don't tell him i told you
User 1: he told me . 
User 2: ha sortt
User 1: baller he's been after tanvi 
User 1: oh i forgot oops . mumbai what scene . let's decide
User 2: amit 
User 1: when your flight man 
User 2: still haven't left man boarding lmao
User 1: muslims
User 2: what the fuck  . jenit . be a cutie
User 1: no
User 2: and pick up my bonafide certificate from academic section and get it to bombay no . pls . munchies on me in manipal
User 1: no guarantees
User 2: thanks fam
User 1: what time does ab1 open . because i have to leave by ten
User 2: around 9:30 i think . you're leaving tomorrow morning right ? . wait lemme check if it's open today
User 1: yep . nope . i have to go tomorrow morning
User 2: bt . okay ha do that
User 1: so i'll try to get yours too
User 1: dude can you cover for the  from the last day of sessionals
User 2: hey
User 1: the one with parv and all
User 2: yeah i tez'd parv four hundred for the girls . he didn't give it to you yet ? . ask him no
User 1: chutiya that man is . i'm not going to his place anymore
User 2: arre . i'll ask him to tez you
User 1: no don't . i want to see when he sends
User 2: fkr i just asked him 
User 1: delete
User 2: fine 
User 1: also in mumbai we'll do edibles only . what time does academic section open at . and what's your reg id
User 2: yes . the edibles will be the munchies  . 160905075 . i think by 9:30ish . but dude where do we get edibles here
User 1: i know . i'll handle that
User 2: brownies ?
User 1: yes . do you want a camscan of your sheet ?
User 2: my sheet ?
User 1: the certificate
User 2: with you have it ? . i thought it wasn't signed
User 1: no my roommate is there
User 2: rishabh is at the academic section rn he couldn't find it in the tray : . harshit ?
User 1: arav . oh i forgot we still have a pet in there . yeah man it's just not there
User 2:  . apparently they lost it . applied again what a bt
User 1: i wanna go back already
User 2: are you going to do this the entire vacay ? 
User 1: might dude . i'm very bored . let's go to bono . after i'm done . i'm at kemp's corner
User 2: what's bono . my friends coming over in a bit . let's go tomorrow . depending on what bono is
User 1: ice cream place man
User 2: what are these fazlani places
User 1: it's at kemp's corner  . opposite shemaru . shemaroo
User 2: bro . 6sy . that's the real shit
User 1: i'm easy that way . in for anything . you're not actually uncomfortable with me in the whatsapp group na 
User 2: hahahahahahaha no  . but be careful ha . don't fuck around too much w this guy . also bro edibles when
User 1: y'all decide and tell
User 2: you can get though ? . because idk how we'll make
User 1: ha
User 2: brownies ?
User 1: you're thick in the head or what . ha man
User 2: what  . how much is it
User 1: last time it was six hundred for 8 . and for us two is enough to get fucked . for anushka, half  . pretty chill
User 2: fuck that's too cheap ha
User 1: but that guys mom who makes it seems very trustworthy .  . you heard me
User 2: his mom makes it wtf  . fucking hell . what's happening in fazlani yo  . chal hit up anushka . weekend ?
User 1: what'd you mean ? is it closing down or something ? would fucking love that . yas . you do . she might be scared of me after today chats i don't know
User 2: seriously you didnt like it or what ? . where tho . you do realize trivedi lives in powai right . don't be dumb 
User 1: mostly the people . but i don't like people anywhere so can't say if it was fazlani itself haha . we'll go there . otherwise she'll have to go back alone which i don't want
User 2: wanna go go-karting after . there's a place in powai i think . it'll be mad
User 1: ive been there . they have the sickets vr games
User 2: dude imagine playing high
User 1: why'd you think it was invented . i texted anushka . she came online and then just fucked off in the blue . yeah so next time you're texting her .
User 2: what : . maybe she's busy or smth even i do that a lot loo . y'all are fine only no ?
User 1:  . i mean normally i know if i fucked up . so i guess  . also saturday ha
User 2: in . if she doesn't reply by tonight i'll text her . 
User 1: if she doesn't reply by tonight i won't feel like meeting her  . she in
User 2: scene
User 1: dude
User 2: fuck . what . how was it 
User 1: i'm not driving my own car . that
User 2:  ? . lmao you're baked rn ?
User 1: touche
User 2: yoo . we're meeting tomorrow no
User 1: time and all decide . man this girl is t replying
User 2:  . sup . hat are we doing dude
User 1: man this anushka is pissing off . tomorrow also she'll do natak . 
User 2: wait i'll ask on the group
User 1: are you planning to get your car
User 2: idk what do you think
User 1: chal aaj kuch toofani karte hai . what time tho
User 2: let's go early only no
User 1: what time are you planning to leave your place
User 2: i need to be back early anyway plus well avoid traffic . we can go for eastern express i'll pick you up then . ask anushka what time . it'll take us at least an 1 .5 hours ha . how long is the trip
User 1: there's no route from the eastern express . we'll have to take the lalbaug fly over . long . ha
User 2: last time i passed out after like three hours
User 2: i'm in for leave in an hour honestly . best the traffic peacefully trip sober down and drive back before the traffic starts . we'll go for a movie or sth . wreck it ralph when we're high
User 1: i think the right most route . idm
User 2: ha exactly passes through mazgaon
User 1: but not so weary
User 2: you got the brownies
User 1: early . i'll get that
User 2: what time then
User 1: like can you come till 11ish ?
User 2: pick you up at 11 ? ha cool
User 1: how many brownies should i get . she gives in multiple of four
User 2: idk how much does he put in it . oh then get four only don't push it w anushka and me 
User 1: but we'll have 1 .5 each . cool done
User 2:  . oh you meant two each wtf  . i thought like two by three lol
User 1:  .
User 2: yoo . i'm leaving in ten yeah . can you meet me before the expressway . jenitt
User 1: leave in five
User 2: should i leave ?
User 1: add a stop
User 2: okay . you got brownies ?
User 1: prince ali khan hospital . i'll meet you here . leave
User 2: okay . i'll be there in thirty ga . ha . listen . get a c type charger pls . just lefg
User 1: chut . i forgot  . send your live location na
User 2: get no . my battery will die using maps . live location shared
User 1: i left in a hurry because i thought you left . just come till here . i'll tell anushka to get . she has type c
User 2: okay . reached like ten minutes ago . yoo . can i buy brownies from your guy today ?
User 1: whatta gie . but you'll have to travel till here 
User 2: takes one to know one  . kamathipura my old nemesis . have you ever crossed with them ? . can you ask him if i can get eight in an hour or so . starting twenty-one on the right now . note
User 1: whose birthday lol . come from bombay central
User 2: mine 
User 1: tomorrow na but
User 2: twelve actually
User 1: yes he'll give
User 2: ha so gonna get crossfaded out of my mind tonight . don't wanna deal with twenty-one man . perf when should i pick it up ?
User 1: sjould i just give you his number . talk to him directly
User 2: he's safe no ? . like he's your friend right
User 1: and if he asks who gave you his number just be like the guy who picked up in the morning yesterday . yes
User 2: do i have to use some codeword  . i don't want plain chocolate brownies or sth ha
User 1: aquaintance . no man . just be like twelve brownies lol . ask him if he has the rainbow brownies . hash    . 
User 2: fuck off 
User 1: it's this man . also fixate on the price on text . he keeps changing
User 2: seriously i'll ask for rainbow ? . what did you get yest
User 1: didn't ask . but i've had the rainbow . it's nice only
User 2:  .
User 1: no lol
User 2: should i text him or call
User 1: whatsapp . hope your spirits stay as high as you are right now . happy birthday
User 2:  . thanks jenit  . we def need to sesh again
User 1: my body is my temple . i will not let s pollute it
User 2: weird flex but ok
User 1:  . what plans today
User 2: dude still recovering from last night . i'm getting too old for this crossfading stuff . also your brownie man didn't come through
User 1: 21 . true . dafuq why ? . did he reply ? . probably because it's from a new number . man . not possible . you texted in the afternoon . next time i'll get it only . for this  . do you know anyone going to manipal from here by train ?
User 2: yoo i just saw this . i know 2-3 people but i'm not sure when they're going . want me to ask ? . also how much do you pay for the brownies . your boy sent me a christmas message
User 1:  . yeah . we can get brownies there too that way . five hundred for four so we can get like shit ton . hahaha what did he say
User 2: ha i asked them
User 1: i thought you were talking about harshit  . i was like dafuq okay interesting . he sent everyone this message . customer loyalty it seems hahaha . sup
User 2: dude he called us upstairs
User 1: yeah . just go . 5th fkoor . directly opposite the lift
User 2: yeah got it . the build up was fun tho
User 1: why donyou wanna give yourself bt
User 2: he's so sweet . o gave him 500 . and he came back outside and said it's 350 . didn't get to see the  :(
User 1: how many did you take ? . you got the bouncer  . don't tell me four plis . you deleted this message
User 2:  . i did, why ?
User 1: he charged you less cos you a gal . i want to be a girl ya what is this . sasta s 
User 2:  . wtf where is this
User 1: your boi in vienna . got a strain guy in south bombay itself . you're prolly gonna need it more than me lol . happy new year
User 2: happy new year fam 
User 1: what time is your flight at
User 2: 4 . when are you leaving
User 1: just boarded lel
User 2: i thought you were going by train
User 1: i was asking for train peeps to get them brownies
User 2: oh  . they stay too far tho won't get . man muskaan had a bt with the brownies 
User 1: is it interesting for me ? . only then i wanna know
User 2: no i just couldn't sleep 
User 1: the bt went on for that long huh hahahah . not all are strong . but let's keep a sesh tomorrow . again malpe leggo
User 2: yeah it seems damn scary . no no detox now . my throat is so fucked dude . it's been like this since i left manipal . my mom thinks i smoke 
User 1: my mom told me she found a match box in my suitcase . so awkward . might have been a trick question but don't know . it craves 
User 2: match box is easy . j isn't
User 1: hahahaha right .
User 2: it's gotten enough of  this month 
User 1: from where man . no dealers reply only :'(
User 2: they're all getting raided . your 6k guy is still around no
User 1: friend's friend so can't really ask . anyway
User 2: y'all finished it ? 
User 1: let me know if theres a scene tonight
User 2: done done
User 1: dun . oops . did you have lab
User 2: yup . it sucks lmao . you have cd lab no
User 1: i just wanted to know if we have a lab today  . what scene
User 2: come to parv's . and get a score
User 1: i'm at priyankas lol . let's go to some club
User 2: club 
User 1: or equivalent
User 2: shady equivalent . come after no . we're too lazy
User 1: can't find score only rn .  scene is bad
User 2: fuck what's happening
User 1: chaos in manipal . let's go to some place man
User 2: do you know anywhere i can score
User 1: tiwari
User 2: he told muskaan he doesn't have
User 1: lol . no clue than bro
User 2: do you want a five hundred score
User 1: is it nice . idm getting today . also do you want to score on bulk . like we're planning to buy but we don't want 100g . so do you want some of that
User 2: my friend wants 500 . works ?
User 1: man i don't wanna deal stuff . y'all don't wanna score 50 ? . let me know
User 2: he got . but now i want five hundred  . trynna make edibles today
User 1: by when do you want it ?
User 2: 6ish
User 1: bro do you want or what
User 2: how much do you have
User 1: enough . what if we don't upload all docs by tomorrow . sup
User 2: wanted  :(
User 1: past tense or present ?
User 2: always present
User 1: wait . no one is giving in emerald
User 2: arre . you've not got on you
User 1: i don't push normally . once a whike . i'll ask again . new day new situations
User 1: tell aravs friend . you deleted this message . dude
User 2: sup
User 1: when you come back, please ask your manager about apartments for next semester in pearl city . also whats your scene for next sem
User 2: cools
User 1: you have a problem with me moving or my beloved flatmates living so close to you
User 2: not you dumbass  . why tho, what happened to prags
User 1: you're not there na  . revati and i were just talking hope entertaining it is going to be for us
User 2: call me
User 1: going to the library now
User 2: will you be there at 6 ?
User 1: left already
User 2: you'll be at home only at night ? . around 10ish ?
User 1: yes
User 2: i'm not coming up 
User 1: you're not getting the book
User 1: who dis you score from
User 2: prakhar jain
User 1: he has strains apparently . i wish i was mumbai rich rn . year three and still no sieve  ?
User 2: left it in pearl :( . dude my friend got a crusher . fkn best
User 1: hello darkness my old friend
User 2: summer sorted
User 1: bro . you deleted this message . you deleted this message
User 2: 500 . where tho
User 1: he's sending a picture . i'll talk and ask
User 2: any luck ? . have bhaang paan only . beggars can't be choosers
User 1: we are getting a 1k score which is the same as our last one . so we know the quant is shit . but s fine
User 2: how little is it
User 1: it was compressed but after crushing it does come out properly . and this
User 2: how many grams
User 1: he said thirteen without paper
User 2: we only want five hundred tho . we'll split ?
User 1: i'll get back in a minute arav isn't answering the phone . bro he said it's shit so we aren't splitting plus we need it till monday for got . i asked him to ask the dealer for your five hundred roll . let's say what he says
User 2: actually one thousand is fine . this paan isn't doing anything
User 1: accha i'll tell
User 2: did he reply
User 1: no man . even our roll is doubtful . arav has been waiting for 20 . he's leaving mostly . let's hope your paan at least hits
User 2: next time brownies . these guys are in emerald now . any luck
User 1: na he's home . sober sleeping
User 2: does he have wk . 1k
User 1: i know how desperate you are . all of us are at that level . election time man . it's fucked up
User 2:  . chal i'll tell them to leave . i don't eve n wanna smoke up rn
User 1: tell asap . and where you're going to take it from
User 2: he's outside emerald
User 1: cool . congrats . you're getting some
User 2: longest score ever . sup . dude good stuff ha, everything hit  . does your friend have a five hundred roll
User 1: told you . i don't know if he has more but here sells only 1k for sure
User 2: do you want to split
User 1: na i'm good . if you find someone to split with tell me, i'll get you his number
User 2: do you know anyone who wants to split . okay
User 1: you do this work
User 1: bro . score
User 2:  . you want ? i know a guy in ideal . yesterday i got from paritosh got scammed but it's fine
User 1:  . how is iy
User 2: depends, sometimes its v good sometimes there's a lot of stems
User 1: do you want to split
User 2: nope, only on weekends now . too much  last two days . also, 4am tc munchies are the best
User 1: i'll second thag
User 2: dude we have to have a sesh before this sem ends . why didn't you come to zero degrees
User 1: you deleted this message . dude the cast was gonna come off this weekend so i didn't wanna fuck that up . fast man  idm tho
User 2: 204 . 
User 1: tell the ones who'll be attending . are you with rev
User 2:  . get for 420 pls
User 1: if left 
User 2: will replace w special brownies in bombay 
User 1:  . this because no
User 2: ggwp . you have score for toms
User 1: i can get the number . i'm too broke to score . i'll chip in for my share
User 2: okay we'll score tomorrow . but good stuff no ? . tired of getting scammed :((
User 1: if food is allowed then great  . lol . let's see . but arav was saying suddenly there's too much  in manipal . since yesterday or day before so shouldn't be bad . accha listen . bitch start using whatsapp
User 2: su che . fuck what a neg . last four hundred and twenty in manipal 
User 1: don't be too optimistic . but anyways . you'll score na .  ? . i'll get you the guys number . just tell me when . i'd normally do it but really shitty cirstances
User 2: yup . tomorrow . where is he tho
User 1: we'll find out where we're scoring from
User 2:  . if it's beyond vgt side you score
User 1: there is nothing beyond vgt except pragati babe
User 2: dibs on not going to ab5 back gate . mandavis only pls
User 1: mostly emerald . dude
User 2: aye . toms
User 1: i can meet you now . i'm still at hill crest
User 2: rucha's ?
User 1: yas
User 2: tomorrow
User 1: cool
User 2: wanna study in the morning 
User 1: doubt
User 2: dude . that bong of theirs
User 1: glass . beaut
User 2: fucking died on deepika's birthday . the kitten tho :'))
User 1: i hate that cunt . tried to grab my leg
User 2: fu
User 1: shithead
User 2: it's fkn adorable . get it catnip
User 1: i'd rather just invite these guys to pragati . much larger . spacious . and not away from the entire city . bro . i told you to call rucha . she has only one five hundred left . call
User 2: cools . she's on her way home . i'm gonna kill you
User 1: sup
User 2: why didn't you come . flake
User 1: how fucked are you rn ?
User 2: come to country inn . we're drinking . at next two
User 1: dude this  is too strong . i had a hangover till like three today and i knew if i'd come then i would have smoked again  . plus rishab was there so like  . all the best cross fading
User 2: arre  . he's not here now . it's parv rev and i come no . there's still lil left 
User 1: i'll pass for today bro . go hard or go home am i right . i have bomb stuff . plis buy
User 2: middle of end sems  . if you still have after the next paper i'll buy
User 1: two day breaks bro . you have coursera next so  . i know you're in good but do you know any one pushing ?
User 2: hey hey . you still want ? . sorry i was so crossed in goa lolol
User 1: bro i'm home  . but always, just a diff city . do you have internship or are you comparatively vela ?
User 2: need to finalize that today . if i do i'll start on monday . amen
User 1: where tho
User 2: pretty far . beyond andheri i think
User 1: man i'm so fucked for internship . too late for anything
User 2: you should've applied for iaeste there were so many
User 1: all the technical things start from there only
User 2: you still can but it'll be super tight . ask your family . everyone is getting internships in india through personal contacts . i'm sure your parents will know someone
User 1: that time my hand wasn't broken so i thought i'll get . i got like 15ish replies but then i couldn't complete my task because of the fracture 
User 2: or you can intern at the same place you did last time 
User 1: man marrus have business . all contact people sell cloth or gold . umm .
User 2: dude my dad works with steel it was so pointless . my friend's mum was helping me out lol . or contact some manipal proof and do a project from home
User 1: as soon as you get it, you recommend me  . they are veryy useless
User 2: or honestly, just send blind applications to iit profs
User 1: full semester i tried talking to teachers . useless shits
User 2: nothing to lose . 
User 1: was just seeing that this morning
User 2: try start ups . it's actually better exposure than mncs
User 1: that only toh i'm trying
User 2: lol work with my dad he wants an app 
User 1: your dad doesn't want my skills tbh . which company are you getting tho ?
User 2: what kinda work profile are you looking for though
User 1: the one parv got . similar
User 2: netmagic . arre these aiml kids 
User 1: what your jd ?
User 2: smth with data ytics and cloud computing
User 1: at this point can't really be choosy lol
User 2: need to call that guy today . i have to speak with the project manager or something it's not finalized yet
User 1: parv got his visa ?
User 2: see worst case if you are okay with app dev i might actually be able to help you out at my dad's company . it's really close to your house and their it guy is nice only . but no mj  . he's in hyd rn for the appointment
User 1: nah man i can't app dev . i don't know jack . o nice nice . ankur said he was gonna help . seeing that he has worked at wipro already . doubt anything gonna happen now 
User 2: ask him to join us and help us in putting our systems together . he will do product and market research and by doing that he create a path dir ai and ml . he will also understand the softwares learn to do user stories .put content o  the website . we presently dont have a clear idea how to do ai and ml and if it fits in our company presently . last summer ?
User 1: yes . dude thanks a lot . i really mean it . but if there is no clear direction then i don't want to embarrass myself or be a liability . like thank you so much . cos last time during the internship when they gave me too much responsibility, you know how bitter it became . and i don't know enough to start a new direction in such a big company . thanks a lot tho .  . like i'm sorry i'm not trying to be rude  . you let me know when the december iaeste offers come out . i'm going by hook or by crook . i still regret belarus . also, thanks again 
User 2: hahahaha relax  . it's a small family business only . but yeah i get it, it's kinda old so they've got their own methods . and my dad really wants to change it up but it's difficult because their way has been working well for so long
User 1: small business and house at nepeansea road ? ?
User 2: he keeps trying to get me to intern there but idk how much scope there is if nothing is defined
User 1: dude i asked my dad he had data for me to work on because i'm sure they record stuff and he's like wut ?
User 1: exactly and we don't know jack shit to overhaul an entire business in two months 
User 2: parents are the worst to work with tbh . yeah, bigger companies with proper internship programs are best for us . even in tunisia they had really high expectations i felt so bad
User 1: i feel there is minimum gpa criteria for people who do this . and i got an e in evs so na . not happening . what's you mean ?
User 2: but they were super understanding like they taught me a lot and they didn't really get anything out of it lol . yup evs is the single most defining subject we've had . giving gre this summer ? . there are a lot of offers out rn some are for this year and a few are for 8th sem when they send those mails check it out . but be careful before committing for 8th sem because of on campus placements and all
User 1: i'm giving toefl and ielts . not sure if i should give gre again purely because i don't want to english so much . yeah man . need on campus placement . otherwise truly fucked .  . which companies did you select ?
User 2:  . i think i'll give it later this year or next summer . toefl is damn chill . i gave it really fucking hungover lol .  . zs and ugam, they both come late for data yst portfolios . you ?
User 1: give it off this year only man . don't delay so much . how much did you get  . dude first i applied for the job profiles j wanted . then i selected the companies with the max package . last year, after placements they released a sheet with all the packages info . it was apparently damn secretive and stuff . harshit was like don't spread it and all
User 2: one hundred and ten  . ha same but then i looked at who comes last lol . also i didn't wanna both with i companies as pc . bother . no time to prepare only for gre 
User 1: is it good ?  .  .  . i might have to give it again as well . i'm dreading it
User 2: yeah most unis require 100 cutoffs . they don't care about how much you get out of 120 . it's damn chill 7th grade english . you've already given it no ?
User 1: yeah but i just got one hundred and fifty-two in verbal . so kinda need to improve that . maybe . broo . you need to watch kota factory on youtube . most relatable stuff for us because we did coaching in jc . it'll give you a major tb
User 2: how was math . kota factory wtf  . how did you study english ?
User 1: one hundred and sixty-eight lel . vocab flash cards and books
User 2: dude three hundred and twenty is a really good score especially for your first time . magoosh ?
User 1: six hundred vocab words that i don't remember anymore . yep
User 2: never actually studied tho so can't relate 
User 1: exactly first time . there has to be a second :x . no man . just see it . like all the teacher shit will be relatable . i died laughing when the guy went on a rant about how much he hated inorganic . so anushka is leaving on the 19th . strains before that ? . reply . then i'll start looking to score
User 2: sup . chal im in . brownies ?
User 1:  . anushka wants to meet tomorrow
User 2: ayee . let's meet on the weekend no . saturday ?
User 1: talk to anushka and decide . let me know and i'll score accordingly
User 2: where will we smoke up tho
User 1: while driving somewheres
User 2: that's insane  . browniezz
User 1: they take too much time ya . we'll catch the bridge or the highway you relax man . then eat
User 2: arre . yiu have your car ?
User 1: ya
User 2: texted her let's see what she says . can't relate
User 1: no one asked me either but can't you just relate . go do tarawi
User 2: pearl brat . dude pls let's get baked
User 1: man let me get a routine first . it all should get decided this week . and i need some time alone to get over the ending and the fuck up of got . chutiyas
User 2: yo . free sat ?
User 1: yep . i have the perfect plan . i'm scoring today . and parents are leaving on saturday . so i'll roll at home . you come pick me up . we'll drive and smoke on the freeway . and then food . cool ?
User 2: let's trip and go for alladin . i can't drive in that lane tho gimme some other directions . down for everything else tho
User 1: it's better now  . john wick . why do you want to see blue will smith
User 2: i haven't seen the first two tho . we'll trip balls on him
User 1: you have two days and nothing to do
User 2: internship 
User 1: hahaha where . did you see d pikachu . apparently alladin is also nice so idm anything you decide
User 2: long shot . let's go for that . nope i haven't seen a movie in theatres since end game i think
User 1: lol same . whatever is fine you decide
User 2: dude . munchies @ mohmd ali road
User 1: perfect done . bro i thought parent's flight was  at 11:30am . it's pm lol . let's meet on sunday . also detective pikachu pls . tel
User 2: monday ?
User 1: cool
User 2: sesh ? . free at 5:30-6 ? we'll get insane traffic after
User 1: na i really need to study . been procrastinating too much . man i don't wanna chill for just couple hours . plan something properly no like movie and sesh and food . saturday ramzan also will be over . what are your internship timings during the week
User 2: sunday then ? . 8:30-4:30 . what are you studying for anyway ? gre ? . if you can study toms we can stone at six and go for a movie at 7 . there's aladin and godzilla
User 1: na man im studying for the placements . data structures and revising cpp and shit . sounds good . aladin is nice after  apparently . so that
User 2: full july is there for that dw . chal i'll check timings . 7:15 phoenix
User 1: check tomorrows shows . idm but where will we stone
User 2: tomorrow i can't do day after is prob eid . today . this is why brownies are better lol
User 1: bro not today
User 2: expressway or sth ? but i can't drive if i'm too high
User 1: revati flashback . cant . lololol
User 2: arre, okay sunday then ? .  . what happened to the  . she stopped replying ?
User 1: yep, but reply before that if its regarding the plan . i'll try again . or i'll ask through whom i got the number . how many brownies will you have tho :p
User 2: yeah  . 32 or two each . last two times i had 32 it was decent . but so much chocolate lol . oh let's get rainbow . did the brownie guy reply
User 1: cool . sunday we need no
User 2: your boy replied
User 1: i'll ask later only no
User 2: brownie
User 1: gg
User 2: sunday idm hash also if we have somewhere to smoke
User 1: if we have time then we might as well smoke it on jj if we're going to inox or someplace . on the way to pheonix i don thtink anything is there . how chill are you with tibrewal
User 2: done . don't know him that well but idm seshing with hi . yoo . let's do monday no . i'm not going to work also
User 1: i might smoke strains today . should i score extra for us
User 2: done . are you free on monday ? . i'm down
User 1: cool . dude the one i'm going to score is indica . we won't be able to drive back so i'll score rainbows okay ?
User 2: brownies ? cools . yeah then don't risk
User 1: i hope we can drive back tonight 
User 2: hahahah . take care fam . can't stone at your friends ?
User 1: no one is an orphan : . what time you want to meet at
User 2: sup . omw back to bombay i'll reach by 12 . got work today ?
User 1: nope . see movie timings mo
User 2: aladin or godzilla . pikachu is out . or john wick
User 1: please john wick . i know you don't know the story but you'll trip on the action anyway . i myself don't remember most 
User 2: 6:15 marine lines ?
User 1: cool
User 2: even if i did i dont understand shit when i'm high  . where will we stone
User 1: same . endgame is still a plot hole for me  . brownies mo
User 2: nice . two each ? . i was kinda drunk for that 
User 1: obviously:p
User 2: do we have to pick it up or you already bought ?
User 1: decide the entire plan and timings i'll pick it up
User 2: okay i can pick you up from somewhere or do you wanna meet straight at inox at six
User 1: inlx at six
User 2: sort . marine lines one ha
User 1: yep
User 2: got the brownies ?
User 1: not yet . i texted the guy and he's replying so i'll get em on the way
User 2: okay i'm not getting my car ha
User 1: yes cool . got home
User 1: man i got home told goodnight to my sister and passed the fuck out 
User 2: dude i found my friend j . turkey . i was tripping hard . and muskaan was drunk and she was helping me it was hilarious 
User 1: j turkey ? .  . dude tbh it's a miracle i got back home . you should have listened to the music on the way back . revatis accident vibes aff
User 2: in . hahahahah wtf  . i was tripping hard ha . two brownies are oerf
User 1: were you seeing people in your hallucinations wtf .  . next time uber aff
User 2: no my friend went to turkey in an iaeste internship and her mom couldn't reach her   . yes ols
User 1: oh yeah right that one  . i wish we had the strength to smoke the bud haha . that high is just beautiful . beautiful
User 2: next time . two brownies  bud . dude what happened after the interval 
User 1: sushi guy started killing everyone and the dog got shot but then came back to life . after than even i got too fucked  . add me back on y dont v hangout
User 2: ha . omfg keanu reeves who ?
User 1: start to the kasol trip 
User 2: aye fuck . leaving today ? . don't fly with this bro 
User 1: tomorrow morning . nono . that's breakfast . 6am 
User 2: hey listen . are you interested in this ?
User 1: won't this be for our 8th sem
User 2: yeah . you're looking for 8th sem only na . jan-june you can go
User 1: depends on where i get placed no . but thanks tho . i'll keep this handy .  is expanding . this is her marketing team speaking . she now sells fudge as well
User 2: i love messages like these . 187 let's do this . plain or walnut ? 
User 1: plain . na drinking and strains already . last weekend man . fuck feels like a short vacation now
User 2:  . dude i drank and smoked too much this weekend . neg . yoo . got score 
User 1: are you asking for one or updating 
User 2: asking
User 1: wait i'll ask and tell you in a while . how did it go lol
User 2: yes . it wasn't difficult . but i fucked up the timing in quant so idk . ended up guessing
User 1: beautiful . gg
User 2: it's amazing . don't even need coke
User 1: we're just chugging non stop lol
User 2: gg . best of luck for citrix
User 1: thanks fam
User 2: dude . congrats  . pls get placed . do you wanna talk to karan ? he's in citrix rn
User 1: yes sure . thankss . i want to know what they ask in interviews
User 2: message him say you're my friend and got sl for citrix
User 1: thankyouu
User 2: fireball @ your placement party
User 1: rukhja bhai
User 2: lmk how it goes
User 1: yas
User 2: su che
User 1: 2nd interview was so fuck all . after a point the chick had just given up
User 2: when do you find out about the interview results
User 1: idk but mostly not getting through the second round
User 2: chal let's see
User 1: which paper did you select for the seminar thing
User 2: some data ysis of sales thing . they don't really care i was trynna find a paper without any code lol
User 1: noice . you're my fave in ydwho . congrats fam . atleast thewait was worth it 
User 2: hahahah . project x party tom if i get placed man
User 1: don't know what it means but i'll be there :)
User 2: watch project x
User 1: but i want to watch chachi 420 . atb don't fuck it up
User 2: thanks fam . i'll try not to . lmk if the assignment happens in sta
User 1: col . you missed class and the gossip that i gave all these guys . dikshita thing . maybe next time :p
User 2: ha done . damn . where
User 1: around regal hills
User 2:  . let's have a y don't we sesh on sun
User 1: i actually have plans with my girlfriend . oh wait, i dont have one . yeah i'm in for sunday
User 2: ot
User 2: dude . you're giving mu
User 1: nopee . nutanix tomorrow for me . bro wtf . i didn't select mu sigma placement but my name came . i did the old registration but not on the portal fuck
User 2: same . exactly even mine . now what
User 1: fuck
User 2: i don't wanna go
User 1: man i wanna go for nutanix
User 2: we'll go for five minutes write in hindi and come back
User 1: what if they say you missed the test your black listed . go fuck yourself . arg
User 2: what time is nutanix
User 1: bro hindi i studied literally ten years ago . i dyslexic
User 2: normally they don't keep two together
User 1: i didn't get the mail for that 
User 2: exactly so we won't get shortlisted . oh fuck  . how were you able to register . oh that makes senseb
User 1: fml life is so shit . bt
User 2: go to the placement cell tom . you want mu sigma ?
User 1: no bro . can't
User 2: i thought i did but there's a three yr bond . that's insane . they should've told us . harish is disgusting man
User 1: you can't fucking leave for that long ? !
User 2: exactly . otherwise you have to pay the bond
User 1: fucking 7100crore worth and he gives us peanuts
User 2: seriously . mofo . i didn't know they had this much money
User 1: that's just the ceo 
User 2: holy fuck . why couldn't they pay more then
User 1: he addressed this in the ppt . he said  "that's what we can afford" . chut
User 2: listen send lab one and two
User 1: email
User 2: what's up . my sim is fkd whatsapp call or message
User 1:  .
User 2: you went for this ?  . dude i was tripping last night
User 1: shh . haha . guess why i didn't answer your call last night . passed the fuck out
User 2: gg . where did you go
User 1: neighbor got a glass bong 
User 2: shrey ?
User 1: i don't get out of pragati only  . shringi
User 2: man you never leave only . weekend  . sunday night revs birthday . anuskha will get perm we'll all get fucked . monday write morgan stanley
User 1: i missed the deadline for this  . done bro . you invite toh . i find out about all your plans through insta stories 
User 2: give it for me . done but you have to sneak into pearl . that's another bt only
User 1: this is the actual lab1 q4 answer . ignore the one in the mail . it'll be awkward i think if during the roll call a guy like me says present to " arusha" . help me father
User 2: all your lab one is something weird onyl  . being a girl will increase your chances at shortlist
User 1: fine then idm being called arusha for the next few years . at least the name isn't muslim so 
User 2: yalla habibi
User 1: for sta eight am assignment ? yes
User 2:  . make notez
User 1: have em 
User 2: did you get the second
User 1: yes lol . name one partition 2len15 . size two partitions . just woke up what scene
User 2: come . we have to give it . five mins and bounce . we'll drink after . come fast . even nishchay is here
User 1: just left fuvkk . you're such an asshole . why wouldn't you leave 
User 2: i left . wru . 
User 1: where the fuck are tou
User 1: yo . what's your scene
User 2: come tonight to pearl .  . wear indian if you can
User 1: what's the exit scene . can't stay till late no ? . yass finally some meat in me
User 2: you'll have to sneak in only . they don't allow anyone past 8:30 . walk in at 10ish . byob ha, just bringing her birthday in tonight
User 1: bro won't be possible with a strange guy with alcohol so late . plus i'm to hungover today . i'll get beers for lunch tomorrow ? . are we going to order biryani or is your cook making some ?
User 2: come earlier then . just walk in don't make eye contact and all . like come by 9ish . ha get if you want, i'm not drinking for a while . pre-ordered 3kgs and some kebabs
User 1: bro i doubt i'll make it tonight . if y'all go out then let me know i'm game for that . cute  . ae bro this makes me happy . i'm excited
User 2: ayee try coming for a bit if you can . even parv and trivedi are coming . same this chicks biryani is insane . i've had the fish one best biryani i've had in my life
User 1: mutton today atleast ! . also what time should i come by ?
User 2: come asap . you can hekp trivedi and i make sheer kurma
User 1: oo interesting i'll have a bath and come . come down in2 . which wing are you in
User 2: come to one hundred and four b
User 1: alrighty
User 2: this will serve five persons . one litre milk . boil milk  . add sugar , saffron, all dry fruits and seviyaan and ghee . be careful of brand of seviyaan  . ask fir elephant brand roasted  . put a handful fir one litre . cooking time should be around one hour . switch off gas  . serve hot or room temperature as you want . also leave on very low flame for it to thicken a bit . dry fruits and sugar can be adjusted according to taste  . just be careful re the seviyaan
User 1: good one @ the party . thanks:) . i owe you four hundred from that day, let me know how much do i owe for today .
User 2:  . aye today on me bro . tez me that fot four hundred whenever . get proxy pls . forty-one tell anushka
User 1: i'll try
User 2: then come to eott
User 1: i can't start before supper man . your muslim alcoholism is stressing me out
User 2:  . it's not haram now . only on eid . come jaldi
User 1: you come for eyebrows loll
User 2: go make your html tags  . let's go . i actually need to
User 1: whete
User 2: eott then eyebrows
User 1: you know we won't leave the place and then we'll be piss drunk and then too late to leave
User 2: come fast . pakka we will . what's the scene . proxy ? . eott ? . eyebrows ?
User 1: didn't happen . no . too baked already :)))
User 1: she's a bitch da
User 2: its better when you're high
User 1: stop giving me such bs reasons . bro send me biryani chicks number
User 1: what's the scene
User 2: wanna stone ?
User 1: my point . tell fast . movie in an hour
User 2: gimme ten checking if there's 
User 1: yes please
User 2: come to pearl asap . got  . come fast it'll get over . we'll stone w these guys for a bit and bounce
User 1: leaving t
User 2: come to 104 . i'll be there in 5-10 . revs in one hundred and three her place . taking a shower
User 1: sort  come asap . come i'm here
User 2: i'm here . one hundred and four
User 1: cool . man
User 2: sup . we got wine . come over
User 1: these guys are so pissed that i ditched them for y'all it's beautiful
User 2: we'll wear face masks
User 1: oh bro they punched me too much . like hard ass punches
User 2: what did they say
User 1: sunday . i mean it
User 2: their gonna miss you more when you ditch for your date . from cse section c
User 1: he texted rev chrck . omfg can you stop i don't even fucking know how you came to that conclusion fucking hell . tell me if tomorrow there's a scene  . we're too fucked
User 2: tell me the girls name first  . gg . when is the group not . same tho
User 1: bro get my dl ha
User 2: ha i'll ask, yesterday afternoon right
User 1: yes
User 2: when did this fractal thing come . i wanna sit . it's a data science company ?
User 1: yep i think so . i don't think i have registered for it either . are you still in the lab ?
User 2: how are you giving the ot then . nope i left . at 4:30 . dude we need to check the portal everyday ha
User 1: bro i have no fucking idea what's happening with placements i'm scared . like i'm not getting mails and i don't even remember all the companies i opted for
User 2: lots of companies with super early deadlines
User 1: exactly man
User 2: we'll go tomorrow evening . properly connect to ion and see what the scene is . did you get mu sig mail ? . you'll have to go to the placement cell
User 1: for what ?
User 2: ot
User 1: we gave and failed the ot right ? . like i didn't get shortlisted if that's what you're asking
User 2: yeah . but did you get a mail before the ot with the ot schedule
User 1: yep, why ? . mu sigma thing is done right . are you giving quantiphi . these are the only messages i ever sent her i don't know how to react to this
User 2: say yes . she's normal na ? . nope . and she looks cute also ?
User 1: and she is chill . god i hope she doesn't turn out to be a guy . man i might get quantiphi even though i tanked the interview 
User 2: what  . when do you get to know
User 1: man i got fucking placed
User 1: bro in the interview i said i copied github repos for both my internships, acted dyslexic . he said explain how the algo works and i said i have no idea . i told the hr guy i am going for further studies asap . i didn't greet a single person . i was crossfading till 3:30am and went for the thing at 8am still tipsy . i really tried to fuck it up bro this is not fucking fair .
User 2: aye don't worry, you can still apply off campus you'll get better companies also . man you got a job today celebrate tomorrow you can deal with the bt . tbh it's a good profile, good location i think the pay is also pretty decent . wru . i want a placement party idgaf
User 1: i came back home because harshit want to party tonight like you . tomorrow will be better since tuesday second half . what's the scene at pearl
User 2: with
User 1:  ?
User 2: what's going on 
User 1: nothing that's why im asking
User 2: aye too tired today . v bt day
User 1: tell
User 2: we just matched with vidit also 
User 1: 2018 .  . we know we went through almost your full group . no need to retaliate okay
User 2: shut up 
User 1: send me the details about good internships no . i have only p so i can't even sit for onlyni . one hundred and sixty million, nine hundred and five thousand and seventy
User 2: dude this is wrong
User 1: she needed her charger so i dropped her back to pearl
User 2: wru
User 1: i came back home
User 2: you by . bt . i told you i was coming 
User 1: you too long and i was starving . i forgot to order with parv and anushka :p
User 2: yo sta ?
User 1: si . bro do you want to split
User 2: good stuff ?
User 1: our cook got it  . arav tried and said its nice so i am 80 sure it is . :p
User 2: how much quant . i'll ask these guys
User 1: 14ish 1k . so half of that . we have a scale so we'll be accurate lol
User 2: send a picture . 
User 1: i'll send when i get it . okay so change in plans . do you know anyone we can score from 
User 2: hahahhaa . say you're muski's friend
User 1:  i'm never scoring from paritosh . he called me recently he's like sup bro ghar aaja . very shady . like my first year friend so know him, that's why don't wanna score
User 2: yeah he does that  . he called me to basil once . who knows him ? . every time vatsal calls he tells vatsal he's busy having sex  . he's shreeya's cr
User 1: man but that guy got ripedd . but why with guys ya
User 2: jain and all went today to his place at shambhavi today  . it's a real meal now . my munchies 
User 1: who, jain ? yeah . argh . man that guys too shady . he's like yeah you come over and score from me and taken 2-3 shots before leaving . i can't have such a dealer . i want that dealer whom i have to call ten times and wait for thirty mins to get one score
User 2:  . why . this is the dream
User 1: this guy gives me the hibbie jibbies since day 1 . do you know anyone else tho
User 2: he called me up . call him up if you want 
User 1: he's paritosh only  . yeah he does that . bunking sta right ?
User 2: no bro i'm going . just woke up lol i'll be a lil late . already have three bunks i think
User 1: let's get four together noo
User 2: come na you can teach my it lab also . you're awake as it is . keep these bunks for wednesday class don't waste it on fridays
User 1:  . man i won't be able to have a bath
User 2: ha peace she doesnt care . same . i'll shower damn fast
User 1: you reached ?
User 2: just reaching . wru
User 1: bro . i scored 50g . i wanna give thoda . 14-15g wo paper for 1k . let me knoww
User 2: bro i got shortlisted for mu sig . mad bt rn can't stone . how the fuck man
User 1:  . welcome to my life . please act dyslexic and not greet anyone . let's it works for you
User 2: gd . gonna shut up and sit
User 1:  . fuck it up otherwise you're gonna be stuck in india for three years . they have a bond
User 2: yeah fucked up bond . 3 .3 . y1 y2 y3 . signing bonus is 5l if you leave before three years you have to give it back . 1pm-10pm work hours it gets extended a lot with no extra compensation . free meals and travel but fuck that . they can't buy me w aloo sabzi
User 1: stop saying non jain things .  . that's bad bro . please mess it up
User 2:  . yeah can't get stuck in this
User 1: think of the gd as your first year . it will be so much easier to fuck it up 
User 2: 3rd sem . or my relationship w harshit . jk
User 1: relationship . you said it . not him . gg
User 2: don't be a child 
User 1: haha alright . kill it at mu sigma
User 2: just got done with gd . didn't say a word 
User 1: actually ? 
User 2: yeah now if they shortlist i'll get fucked . i said 'umm yeah i agree' once . got out 
User 1: baller . nk booze i want man . bro make notes for unit three no . i made for 1-2
User 2: which subject . are you sure there's an assignment tom
User 1: dcc . nopee
User 2: so then chill . don't talk smack about my notes 
User 1: oh fuck bro . they were too exact . thanks 
User 2: did i get attendance . give rev my books na
User 1: i did
User 2: thanks fam
User 1: oh fuck i think even i didn't give it
User 2: now make it notes 
User 1: she'll just take it from the submitted sheets . i'll make 4-7 you make eight and 10 . nine isn't there . and why the fuck are you not giving the test
User 2: what test
User 1: aether ?
User 2: ha done . i'm here rn . ppt first
User 1: lol it is bt . do you want it tho ?
User 2: not got a lot of options . pay is decent . and the profile is good . data scientist
User 1: bro a lot of companies are left to come so just just go with anything . but this seems nice since everyone in cse is jacking off to this jd
User 2: aye not for my cg . they're paying more than kpmg and deloitte
User 1: gold digger . bro you can sit for 100 with more than six that's why harshit has so much bt . did you get shortlisted for aether ? . we doing this ?
User 2: yeah got out . after the first round . tanked accolite rn . just kea ing campus . leaving
User 1: damn . why tho it's nice only no
User 2: process was pretty interesting tho . apti round . don't want sde . def not going through all this bs for sde
User 1: wow that's not worth it . you want yst ?
User 2: yeah . okay
User 1: i've asked my sister to check if she can do something
User 2: bless your soul
User 1: bless a jain :p . man i didn't want to smoke at tibrewals place . i don't know him and i don't think i was invited either :p
User 2: arre wtf . he was just asking where you are . even parv ditched for the gym . i wanted y dont we to at least be there 
User 1: man i don't like to smoke up without my own  :p . precisely where i saw my chance hahah . we do hangout . fucking rishab sympathiser 
User 2: ha that .  . what bull excuses, you were telling me to score
User 1: i mean i would have chipped in for that no  . fine i don't have excuses . what meeting did you have ?
User 2: tomorrow . iaeste only . board promotions
User 1: inn . i'm planning to bunk full saturday anyway . let's start talking to dealers now only . don't want to psritosh . my sister said that the dept for tech has a completely different office and she can't submit a recommendation for 8th sem internship because pwc takes recommendations only for full time . is dinner on ?
User 2: idk parv's out . revs in kerala . wanna have it tom ? revs back in the eve
User 1: cool
User 2: oh hey thanks for this btw . i can apply on their site for full time ?
User 1: doubt it
User 2: what do i do  . so many new companies so many seven cutoffs or sde
User 1: many are left you dw . otherwise iaeste is always a good option . kinda counting on it
User 2: same dude . i am finally unbkacklisted
User 1:  . which one did you skip ?
User 2: serbia  . i have never related so hard to anything in my life
User 1: so hard haha that's what she said . how was the ot tho
User 2: non tech . 
User 1: is rev back
User 2: nope 10ish
User 1: tell her hi if you're alive till then . you looked like shit today
User 2: make sure to use that line on your tinder girls
User 1: over there i actually try to flirt . that was my natural self hence i don't show it very often . idk how i pulled of convincing dikshita, i just hope my luck works again
User 2: i'm honoured . who's the cs girl
User 1: ew too close to her face
User 2: can you smell the advance through the phone
User 1: and hear her voice
User 2: yo . get your sta notes na
User 1: not coming for sta . might not even go for nlp . i have lab at two tho
User 2: oh . how's it going
User 1: it has to start in order to be in the state of "going" . f . did you start
User 2: started a little . was in no mood to study yest after schneider . got home only at 8:30 and felt kinda sick
User 1: tanked it ?
User 2: today i don't have an option lol . no gave it properly non-tech
User 1: are you fine now ?
User 2: i really like one of the digital profiles . it's not like the si they've come for 5-6 roles this time . yeah much better
User 1: hopefully you don't look like shit today :)
User 2: thanks :')))
User 1: bro send me the first page of ec partitioning that i know you've written . the last thing i need is the advantages
User 2: i'll send in class oma
User 1: cool . yep gg
User 2: yo . you're in lab ? . ma'am has given sessional portion for sessionals @ om xerox . for reference . please buy it from there . can you be a qt and pick two copies for us
User 1: i'm back : . bribing with compliments nicr . oh fuck you mf
User 2: will get it tom
User 1: yes i'll have to go anyway, low attendance
User 2: reva's getting d every night idk why she's liking these posts . sigh
User 1: whose
User 2: tits
User 1: what am i supposed to understand from that
User 2: tirthankar guha majumadar
User 1: stop assaulting me with words . reading this is painful . man everyone even slightly decent is taken . only the uggos are left . ishh
User 2: don't say that about rev :'(
User 1: even she has rachit
User 2: that's pretty rachet
User 1: i heard he crashed a car again 
User 2: 30k this time  . it's ok his parents think he's paying for a single room with a really heavy deposit
User 1: can't wait for them to catch on
User 2: are you interested in uiux
User 1: lol nopee . hate it lab enough
User 2: aye . iaeste offer
User 1: you apply no
User 2: uiux 
User 1: better than sitting home and get bal viva-ed so you really should go for it :p
User 2: they reject me so fast lol . how's it going
User 1: man i passed out too early last night . woke up and started with eom first . wanna get this shit done with fast
User 2: oh lmk how it goes . fourteen principles . two block diagrams mbo and system . this is imp apparently
User 1: thanks . how exactly is it going
User 2: given up . you
User 1: i'm just reading through everything . what do we have to mug . arghh are y'all group studying
User 2: it's only till l7 ? . balls can't do tjat . feel bad for the group lol
User 1: till ppt eleven excluding 3 . why 
User 2: i thought till seven
User 1: from course plan seven
User 2: what . so which ppts are coming . from 1-11
User 1: application and session variables are the last thing included . except three all
User 2: i thought it's till l7 ?
User 1:  . but ppt till 11 ! . blonde bapre
User 2: dude l7 is ppt ten
User 1: ancilla is three feet away from me and i just asked her . eleven full might not be there, just this
User 2: arre section a said only till l7  . okay
User 1: also i got the sta notes . theory is shit anyway but there are a lotta examples
User 2: perfect . you got me a copy ?
User 1: i'll get you one if you want . how will you take it . dcc teacher left us already beauts
User 2: arre tf
User 1: concentrate on it for now lol
User 2: solve last two
User 1: won't happen now
User 2: pls solve
User 1:  . see on the group . someone is solving bits
User 2: did you understand that
User 1: no  . i'm asking on the group as well
User 2: this group is damn dumb
User 1: man i don't understand it . come early ? . oh i think i understood a bit
User 2: need to do theory :( . how many sn wn
User 1: bro come to ab5
User 2: i'll come by 9 . haven't started theory
User 1: there is no theory man . told you, ezpz it was . got 50g again :p . are y'all still drinking
User 2: omfg . nope . i've barely been drinking idk why
User 1: man i really wanted to drink ya . why were you not drinking and up at 6 . what's the post sessional scene . good
User 2: how's it going to . yo
User 1: i have nlp now  . i'm damn scared for dcc
User 2: best of luck 
User 1: both papers are too hard chuts had to keep it in the same day . 
User 2: yeah dude actually they really fucked y'all over
User 1: also tell me about the  scene . should i get a score from home ?
User 2: shreeya literally had two days to study for a 3pm eefm paper lol . so many people got this . and ik people who have some fuck all math pe in the morning and dcc after . it's damn unfair i'm like mid ground
User 1: my roommate went to coorg 
User 2: do you even have to ask  . i just opened unit three i pakka need some 
User 1: si papi bien .  . behen kya scene
User 2: tito's at night ?
User 1: what about now
User 2: come to hakuna . chilling w pearl
User 1: see ya 
User 2: come . it's chill you know everyone . revs coming in a bit . plus we're all drinking
User 1: we  at regal . i'll meet you at night tho .
User 2: oh w my boy ?
User 1: mostly everyone will go to deetee anyway
User 2: aye
User 1: duh
User 2: manipal's biggest after exam party today
User 1: ae i'll slap you if you send me shit like this . ee
User 2:  . come . dj rahil is the shit
User 1: he'll play fucking edm no thanks . you'll bump into jeet priyank i'm sure
User 2: wru . it's not connecting
User 1: come up . i came back ha
User 2: are you hungry
User 1: i'm home 
User 2: came back ?
User 1: but yeah idm tomorrow
User 2: pragati ? . tomorrow hard sesh
User 1: yes . in . goodnightt . you deserve it you placed bastard
User 2:  . wtf 
User 1: man i get more action in her head than real life 
User 2: why does she think that tho 
User 1: someone apparently told her when she was at titos . she said she doesn't remember the someone but that's obviously bs
User 2: i love manipal
User 1: apparently we were making out in campus . nigger i don't remember the last time i was chilling in campus lol .
User 2: rumours spread like stds here .  . same bro
User 1: i actually have nothing left for the month
User 2: i'll cover bro . pay me later . it'll come to like 1k
User 1: balls
User 2:  .  .
User 1: i'll sit this one out thanks but :)
User 2: fine but i'm getting magic lassi take away
User 1: love you too
User 2: @divya
User 1: missed you at tc 
User 2: chal let's go . in thirty
User 1: i'm waiting for me samosa now
User 2: you got thirteen in sta . treat
User 1: dafuq you went to her cabin ? . how much did you and others get
User 2: no she's showing papers in class rn . 13 .5 . everyone's getting 10 only
User 1: no attendance no ? !
User 2: pretty sure there is
User 1: chut you having lesser subjects is really showing . wtff . someone wrote no class . ask her
User 2: hahaha wait for it  . where wtf . i wouldn't have come ya
User 1: oh fuckjk . section e didn't have class . rip . stfu nerd . can you check my paper
User 2: okay i'll ask . yeah theirs got canned . how many bunks ?
User 1: less only it's chill .
User 2: checked . you lost  .5 in one mcq . one in that advantage disadvantage everyone lost that mark lol . and  .5 in some bs you wrote about bva . it's good only dw
User 1: chalo chill . thanks a
User 2: let's do smth today . not  related . why did you say see you soon to tejus' placement 
User 1: huh ? . huh ?
User 2: check cse d
User 1: oh fuckjk .
User 2: so mean bro
User 1: dude by mistake i might have touched my watch and the automated reply went from the watch . bt
User 1: parv sent it 
User 2: do you want a roll
User 1: no . nine hundred and one b na
User 2: you've reached ? . a
User 1: i'm roaming inside pearl lol . where in the fucking house are you . i asked where's suma . turns out she was sitting behind me so yeah that was fun . bruh
User 2: i'll talk to pam
User 1: okay . let me know
User 2: did it look like 1k ?
User 1: there wasn't a single bud . it wasnt spiked but just chura and less that too
User 2: okay i'll talk to him
User 1: you called in the morning ? . come to the dosa guy . call me asao . before leaving fucking goa
User 2: sup
User 1: goa se sharab lau please
User 2: ha what do you want
User 1: i'll tell you everything by tonight ?
User 2: okay but not too much we came to buy booze for their party only 
User 1: you have to keep me as a priority . how many can you get
User 2: i'll let you know we're a lot of people so it shouldn't be an issue
User 1: beauts
User 2: but let these guys decide how much they need first
User 1: also let me know how much to pay you for the  
User 2: tez me eight hundred
User 1: alright i'll do . all the g ones . whatever you can get
User 2: bro only bacardi guava in goa no limon 
User 1: other ones ?
User 2: i'll get you guava no limon shit
User 1: just get me on the list ones
User 2:  . chal i'll let you know tom
User 2: gay . is it for you or my boi tho . that's the real question
User 1: it's the same thing woman ! . if you get then you get to drink so decide  . sup
User 2: when will you be able to pay me back . i'll borrow from people
User 1: pretty soon . dad agreed for birthday party so shouldn't be a problem . fuck it i'll try aaj shaam tak . ask for this too  . bro i passed out and just woke up  . pakka tomorrow i'll send
User 2: okay send eight hundred for the  also . so six thousand, nine hundred and twenty
User 1: yepp
User 2: got it thanks fam . save jager for me . bruh . you know sta . i've missed too many classes
User 1: nope no idea what happened after sessionals . don't even have notes rip
User 2: same dude
User 1: bro see the group . wtf is that . bro i walked in on parv and anushka . bt
User 2: heavy evening
User 1: only got worse after coming back . ripp . bro please get my books
User 2: i gave everything to parv
User 1: he didn't take it . it will be in your house only . where are you doing sta from
User 2: not yet started . where are the slides
User 1: that's what i'm looking for
User 2: arre . ask tirth no . nagpal is sending notes kate . late . how many ppts are there
User 1: till slide ninety-six
User 2: that's a lot wtf
User 1: do you have my sta book 
User 2: no is it one of those three i gave parv ! .  ?
User 1: noo
User 2: you got it to my place ? . studied ?
User 1: no man i really caant find it anywhere . rolling a j and then will do sta simultaneously :)
User 2: i have pictures of sahils notes . you want ? . miss the good ol days
User 1: yeah forward everything . thanks bby
User 2: ho jayega
User 1: save a seat for me . branch coverage and decision is the same right !
User 2: i have no clue
User 1: where are y'all drinking
User 2: tito's . divij placed
User 1: i'll meet you in one min . where are you man . i couldn't find your and rec . whatta snake i was looking for you and you'd already left
User 2:  . was out went home . y'all came so late
User 1: that's exactly what she said . are y'all out drinking
User 2: yeah birthday . let's get hammered tonight
User 1: is this your idea of cute game night ?
User 1: finally went for a date last night . such a bt . we went to a club and found her friends there . so had to be around them with small cig breaks with her alone . one of her frunk friends started crying while dancing . thrice . worst of all . all her friends were hotter than her  . and she asked me about dikshita thrice i was like fml . then she started talking about her ex
User 2: wtf  . oh this is dikshitas class friend ? . did y'all end up hooking up or no
User 1: she brought five of her dancing friends for the date :))))))9
User 2: lmao that's kinda funny tho . meet suma
User 1: she's leaving today 
User 2: suma d(tf) . where's she going
User 1: yeah remember that pretty dtf girl you texted, she unmatched 
User 2: it's ok the three letter convo wasn't going anywhere . go the organic wayv . hook up with friends 
User 1: parv way . seeing that i have tried with priyanka and it didn't work out . ria is my sister
User 2: what . priyanka . sahoo ?
User 1: so, you rev and anushka decide and let me know  . yeah but nothing happened relaz
User 2: when . y'know who i'm rooting for 
User 1: pray tell . around start of the sem
User 2: forty-one l . damn this is spicy . i want deetz
User 1:  . nothing really it's fine . and embarrassing so . but bro after parv she won't again even think of hooking up with a same group guy  . 6th october is my only chance . at this point, dynelle seems interesting . 
User 2: yo pps . pls . omfg  . go four it . dance to majja majja together . let's do something today
User 1: bro i have no strength it interest to go to marys . idhar ka batao . guess whose giving us free bhang . because he might be getting into the dealing business
User 2: pari
User 1: the pill
User 2: not pari . wtf
User 2: the pill ?
User 1: some bhang pill . my u like 
User 2: are you high  . oh u like the parlor  . fuck for free ?
User 1:  . see the name . extra powerful . bolo
User 2: yo why did you bounce
User 1: forty-one talking about vaibhav is so irritating
User 2: 41 ? . oh my fucking god . i don't even have munchies and i want
User 1: yes
User 2: who's forty-one
User 1: 41l
User 2:  . i thought me . my roll number
User 1: well that's a coincidence but anyway . are y'all back ?
User 2: i left early at like 10:30 . what's wrong with monisha
User 1: that nibbi weird
User 2: y
User 1: damn bitchy man . she called me not pretty enough for dik . i have hated her sincr . and she's really ugly so that adds
User 2: do you like big tits
User 1: i don't want such conversations ya
User 2:  . trynna set you up w someone
User 1: and who is this
User 2: rachna gone . smash and dash
User 1: and how do you know 
User 2: she's hooked up with a few people before
User 1: you've hooked up with 10 . don't generalise
User 2: yes or no 
User 1: always one 0
User 2: sort
User 1: wait how exactly do you set it up
User 2: i'll let yknow
User 1: omg . wait are you waking up right now ?
User 2: for that 4:20 hit
User 1: are you fucking praying namaz
User 2: yes you got me . that's the four hundred and twenty hit
User 1: did you run
User 2: yest yes . today no . lmao
User 1: wait i actually wanna know why are you always awake around 5am
User 2: woke up just like that . went back to sleep 
User 1:  .
User 2: remove the last two words 
User 1: hence early morning . fair enough . anyone in pearl with score ?
User 2: checking . call pari ?
User 1: i might get without him so best case scenario . but let me in pearl ka scene
User 2: nothing . i think he's done w his dealer phase 
User 1: na . had to talk to him eventually anyway . he's so irritating . i asked him without paper quant he's like bro tu chod tu mat le . i was like  ? ! ?
User 2:  . ah pari's people skills . brown shit  . so glad i don't have to deal w that anymore 
User 1: thats everywhere in manipal rn so cant really do much about it . dude . such bt . so for my project i had to go through all my whatsapp chats . just had to go through 42k lines of coversation with dik . and most of it was fighting . fuck the conversational bot i'm going to make based on my data is going to be pissed off all the tiime loll
User 2: what kinda project is this yo
User 1: nlp
User 2:  . data quality  . have you eaten breakfast
User 1: bro cupzo chai sutta . jinx . lol . chalo . wake that manly voice woman up . forgot her name
User 2: what do you get at cupzo . calling
User 1: wait no if you want breakfast then somewhere else
User 2: viks 
User 1: wait the one behind ab5 ?
User 2: the one  only . she's not picking up
User 1: chalo i'm hungry
User 2: viks in 30 ?
User 1: tas . yas
User 2: mcd ? . the water is gr8
User 1: you just changed the entire vibe  . bro . timmys . bests
User 2: what do you get . on campus timmy's ?
User 1: it's like shenoys for seniors .  . si
User 2: yuck . we'll get you sutta dw . mcd chal
User 1: what about the seven day ab challenge
User 2: too late for that . now 26th . si ? . listen i'm hungover and hungry
User 1: yeah i know that combo . 1130 ?
User 2: scene . 
User 1: one thousand, one hundred and forty-five plis ?
User 2: okay but leave fast pls
User 1: yes . yes on the way
User 2: should i order for y'all
User 1: send a picture of that board . sausage egg muffins coffee for me . hash brown whole wheat bun and coffee for anushka
User 2: yo . there are some great iaeste offers coming out . data science aiml sixty weeks in sweden
User 1: ges . when
User 2: come at 6:30 we'll talk
User 1: when is it releasing tho
User 2: tomorrow
User 1: thanks for coming
User 2:  . we don't have extra sta na
User 1: no clue . guard is doing a scene . open the door . text me all the mumbai properly . things
User 2: oh fuck . when are you leaving . i have to sign some forms
User 1: tonight
User 2: sort i'll give it to anushka . take it from her . and send your address no my mom will only come at nine tom morning . does that work ?
User 1: i'll be going to your area anyway  to pick up strains . just let me know where to go and pick up . that way i can go whenever
User 2: i'm going for 1:30 photoshoot . so i'll prob be home after three
User 1: arre in mumbai . but yeah i have to come and take my bag
User 2: where's your bag
User 1: your house . where are you ?
User 2: hashtag
User 1: what time are you going to pearl
User 2: in twenty
User 1: sort sort
User 2: coming ?
User 1: yeah i'll come around six
User 2: going for procession ?
User 1: reaching in 5 . you coming ?
User 2: fifteen
User 1: chalo come
User 2: wru
User 1: reached
User 2: where
User 1: next to the dj truck
User 2:  . coming
User 1: you got my bag too right ?
User 2: fuck
User 1: it's fine now
User 2: are you sure . i'll get it rn . sorry
User 1: we left asap
User 2: ly  . got the forms na ? . lmk about this
User 1: yepp . alright
User 2: lol i'm going to bombay . just tear the itr and throw it
User 1: dumb bitch
User 1: go there now . oh it's to good . when are you coming
User 2: let's meet her in bom . landing at 12:30 tonight . can you pick me up
User 1: she's not here no rn ? . give me some time i'll confirm .
User 2: for real ? . damn that'll be amaze actually lemme know . we'll stop for ice cream on me . would've met otherwise ?
User 1: i have to go jijus place  won't be able to come . i'll take you up on the offer tho . ae i have been asking my mutual friends to set it up but we're never here at the same time so :p
User 2: wtf seriously  . arre . 1am ubers
User 1: i have to "surprise"  them  . parents ditched you ? 
User 2: i'm surprising my mom  . dad's not in bombay
User 1: aiyo . sorry  . when are you returning tho
User 2: dude i might miss my flight . there's an accident
User 2: fucking 12k
User 1: did you go from the main route ? . anushka and i went through fucking woods
User 2: in the bus
User 1: south bombay girl taking a bus 
User 2:  . after burning 12k i thought i'll save that 1 .5 . sat night . you ?
User 1: ae in the morning  . did you make it 
User 2: yas b . and it got delayed also now .  . did you actually . good timing . how's bom when are you going to lonavala . you're coming to my side ?
User 1: man fucking hell this got canned . was supposed to go yesterday but all my friends are graduates so jobs   . i'm fucking studying it  . what are you plans here ?
User 2: with why . lmao we're so grown up . nothing chilling w my mumn . need to do coursera ya
User 1: f . sessionals ? ? ! . please don't do like last semester
User 2: bitch i'm not one of those basic digital marketing hoez  . don't be a n00b there's so much time . pls get sta notes from somewhere i don't have anything . that looks like rev after a good one hr long dcc roast sesh
User 1:  . bro i have no idea in any subject  . but i'll do something . i have a limon bottle i'm figuring divya, i'll ask her for her notes then :p . gifting  . 
User 2:  . hahahahhaa pls get her drunk and steal notes kthx . you're placed stop studying
User 1: by this logic even rev is placed 
User 2: is non-generic class a thing . asking for a friend
User 1: so generic classes are like what we've always learned in c c . int are
User 2: ok nvm
User 1: etc
User 2: sick . idc now i posted it
User 1: you want an explanation or no . bye
User 2: no i was asking if it makes sense for the caption  . i'm placed i don't need this extra cs gyaan . if you tell anyone i'll cut ur balls off . you're flying tom ?
User 1: true dat . idc so . i'm high in pp :
User 2: pp ? . pragatti . oh fuck yeah you left yest . seminar lmao . aldo . also
User 1: i came rn only
User 2: only heart eyess
User 1: i'm fucked
User 2: ;)
User 1: i'm not going to take all this as good news because life hamesha humara chutiya katati hai :)
User 2:  . you really are the optimist in the group
User 1: realist . thak gaya life se . ab joker apna sa lagta hai 
User 2: ok let's drink . there's left over tequila from the after party
User 1: na i'm getting healthy . i lost five kgs since sem started:)
User 2: tequila has like thirty calories in a shot
User 1: i'm not smoking more sutas . like only tob . with  . and drinking toh oho never liked only
User 2: wow this is some keto diet stuff only
User 1: except beer
User 2: listen last month when i say drink you chug . when i say chug we'll find that funnel
User 1: i have got so many sweets and chocolates from home . true conundrum . you disgust me woman . fucking haram for me also
User 2: ok send to 407b pc . we'll have a sober game night . since when
User 1: with chocolates . done bro
User 2: i have your game . and i'll teach talk jungle speed this time
User 1: man my other bag is at harshits placr . i'll come in the evening to take it . get some chai sutta
User 2: come to pearly also . das you, i'm a plate of mfc fried chicken
User 1: yas . yas all jains like to eat you  . you walked into that one
User 2: that didn't even make sense  . man you teach me it and sta pls
User 1: cool
User 1: tomorrow morning tc pls
User 2: call pls
User 1: what time
User 2:  . you're baked ? . 7 . just landed . in the plane . got delayed 
User 1: yeah man i woke up at nine and everyone is asleep so . oh damn . no it's fine then you sleep properly . i'll come chill at pearl tomorrow evening
User 2: going for procession ? . come we'll make kale juices 
User 1: na mostly not . it's dikshitas . let her have her day .  .  ?
User 2: come to om
User 1: till when are you campus till . and who else is there that i know . should have stuck to this . oh well
User 2: what happ . you came ? . i bounced at 5:15 . we went to hashtag they had that six hundred drunch got so fucked . paisa fkn vasool
User 1: dikshita bt . oh yeah everyone kept calling while smoking in the cafeteria . was fun . could have avoided
User 2: did we meet ? . you smoked in the cafeteria ? . what happ ? she said smth ?
User 1: inner cafe . no . so i did the eyebrow hi . and said hey looking pretty in sweet tone . and simultaneously . she looked at me and rolled eyes the fuck back
User 2: library one ? . what a fucking bitch . she can go fuck herself . idk why you're trying to be nice tbh
User 1: tbh to try and spice things up and see what nice people feel on a daily basis
User 2: that really bit you in the ass
User 1: neither unprecedented not unexpected . nor . get my bagg
User 2: fuck  . i'll get it tom promise
User 1: you hom .  ?
User 2: yup for an hour . wru . where are the notes
User 1: kriti has her book rn so kater
User 2: when should i take it
User 1: i'll text and ask her
User 2: okay i'm leaving . make four copies na manav and sahil also want
User 1: ill get it after my lab
User 2: okay give three to rev pls . i'll tez you . or put it on split lol
User 1: it's going to take a while 
User 2: get sutta w rev . su che
User 1: kai nai . whatever isn't there is written in my lab manual so let me know which ones do you need
User 2: perf i'll do the codes all at once in the afternoon
User 1: gg
User 2: how's the data part . last four ppt . binding and all
User 1: tedious . but fine only
User 2: when are you starting wom . eom
User 1: i'm doing dcc for a bit then eom . it later . value is like the index number . we've never used it tho
User 2: sick . it's fine doubt i'll be using it  . sta today na
User 1: yes
User 2: jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenut . jenit . notes . notes . notes . notes . nites . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenut . jenit . notes . notes . notes . notes . nites . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenut . jenit . notes . notes . notes . notes . nites . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenit . jenut . notes . notes . notes . notes . nites
User 1: yes
User 2: is she awake
User 1: isn't answering her calls
User 2: such a snek . now what
User 1: study something else
User 2: dee see see
User 1: divya just woke up
User 2:  . should i get it photocopied
User 1: yass . bro . chalo
User 2: wanna pick me yup
User 1: does everyone want full book xerox ?
User 2: i want
User 1: what about the other da
User 2: asking . you me full book . left ?
User 1: aim in the campus only . i'll give the book for xerox and come . then i want some food
User 2: snek . 
User 1: you want to do work kya ?
User 2: ok ly coming
User 1: come in five
User 2: theek . wya
User 1: okay i'm coming to canara
User 2: yeah trivedi is coming in 2 . you're  ?
User 1: no i didn't go up . i'm at bharat
User 2: ha same
User 1: where are you . i'm so sorry bro
User 2:  . wish i had some scars to show shreeya
User 1: ae no man . i wasn't even high so no excuse also . it good . are you doing sta lol
User 2: hahaha chill fam . did you stone now . no scene . i'll do sta after lunch tom
User 1: lol . damn and dcc ?
User 2: now 
User 1: gg
User 2: how's it going fam . what's going on
User 1: so what's happening in fig a is that after wxa there's a rxa in p2, and we know that rxa will always follow wxa so that's why there's an arrow . and in the figb, . hence p4 first a and then b . and p3 first reads b then a . hence figb is casually consistent and a isnt
User 2: so basically you can read from whatever process you want . provided you're following the order in your process
User 1: yes
User 2: in monotonic reads you have to show the propogation
User 1: bro i barely remember the chapter that i studied . send ss otherwise you're just using words i have heard of but don't remember . in fig a the wsx1 is acknowledged in p2 while wsx2
User 2: ha so you have to show the propagation no ?
User 1: draw arrows everywhere bro :p
User 2: how's it going fam
User 1: tbh i finished three subjects today . so i'm fucking getting litt . none are well done but eh i'm treating myself
User 2: wtf mad . dcc ? . you did sta from the textbook ?
User 1: not the last chapter
User 2: how long did it take . full sta w textbook
User 1: pulled through . saw slides towards the end . can't texbook
User 1: it's mostly examples so really fast if you focus because it's easyy . you really procrastinated hm
User 2: bro coursera is fkd upb . turns out i have querying in neo4j and cypher . and idk wtf that is 
User 1: same . only it's funny for me . probably not you
User 1: atb
User 2: ty . what's mukul on bro . yo come to eege . edge
User 1: doubt . sorry
User 2: :'(( . didn't end up going to em either . too exhausted
User 1: that's because you're sixty-seven years old and sleep at 10pm
User 2: just woke up 
User 1: lol
User 2: man what came for your eval
User 1: oh only sahils code ran 
User 2: i have no hopes for exec only lmao . what labs
User 1: database bro
User 2: can you send week eight and 9 . send pls . jaldi
User 1: yes yes almost home . you deleted this message . week nine i have only this
User 2: wru
User 1: are you at eott
User 2: just leaving
User 1: talk to rev . brekkie before class ?
User 2: after pls
User 1: break mfc
User 2: bunk your 9am
User 1: seven times i have done that
User 2: k . we have an assignment today ? . sta ? . i'll be a lil late
User 1: can . same lol
User 2: ch-2020-000218 . bro . send lab ten code
User 1: don't have da
User 2: they want masters or recent graduate
User 1: since these are not up on the portal there is no deadline right ?
User 2: update your portal asap .
User 1: we have to do something about your bt habit of bouncing fast
User 2: bitch you fucking ran out w me 
User 1: yeah well thats because no one was staying ? . and you started the bouncing bt
User 2: anushka was  . i was quietly leaving
User 1: are you studying for it assignment
User 2: section c doesn't have it na
User 1: you left me with vaibhav and anushka ?
User 2: it's on the portal . come over early let's do this asap
User 1: i left pearl like fifteen mins ago . dumbfuck
User 2: when did you come to pearl wtf
User 1: lol five
User 2: why 
User 1: me vaibhav and anushka had a good chilling chai session
User 2: aw cute
User 1: he did seem to talk a lot  .  ? ? . no
User 2: he's got a lot of stories lol . we'll submit it today . before drinking
User 1: i've uploaded everything i need them to check . but i'll get my docs . rest from your comp
User 2: okay . someone bursted them downstairs apparently 
User 1:  . what you doing
User 2: just woke up . dad's coming today . gotta halal
User 1: oh damn . that went 0-100 . fine you stick to this lel
User 2: yo . take your maple syrup . it's in the fridge
User 1: when are you coming back lol
User 2: at emerald . should be back by 5:30
User 1:  . whats up with the dandeli or whatever plan that i was in for . come to five bhk
User 2: crashed again lmao . i'll meet my dad for a bit . he's leaving in the eve
User 1: chal cool . plan something for after
User 2: bro this sta attendance hasn't frozen ?
User 1: no announcement has been made regarding that or free attendance week so well
User 2: yo take the syrup
User 1: haa . get  . bro iaeste offers are up for today . and i wanna participate . my thing is showing modified since ages . so i can't even add anythingn . i want to make it long like yours . that's what she said . ignore the call
User 2: don't make it long . they won't accept it
User 1: arre thoda . i still havent added many things that i noticed after seeing yours
User 2: have you submitted it
User 1: no . its not verified
User 2: like for approval
User 1: yes
User 2: diwali ?
User 1: yep around that time only . its been a whiele
User 2: mail i'll call my friend in an hour
User 1: chal cool thanks
User 2: any non tech offers
User 1: no lol
User 2: which countries are you applying
User 1: swiss i liked one . i didnt like any other iffers
User 2: what about the spanish ones ? . what's the scene with attendance . is everything frozen except sta ? . i legit haven't entered class in a week
User 1: let's see doubt it . my roommate said that there's a circular for free attendance after saturday . no clue only
User 2: are we going ?
User 1: but not going .  . no we aren't
User 2: sort
User 1: but bro i need to study in a group or somethingn
User 2: also what scene for end sems
User 1: or i'll stone again
User 2: let's pull some library scene . that textbook section shit
User 1: bro i'm actually in like everyday
User 2: your end sem is tom na ?
User 1:  . rip
User 2: tell me how to start studying pls . i don't know jack in it
User 1: what time do we meet in the library . i'll finish it only today . full day . i'm done with sta
User 2: post sessional 2 ?
User 1: that i have to see what's included :p
User 2: 1pm lib ? . we'll sit till eve . i'll do thoda coursera . and then even i'll start it damn scared for lab end sem
User 1: done . done . i really think it won't be that hard . so just do the end shit very well . like after validations
User 2: i didn't even bother in this lab lol . i'll start from the beginning only
User 1: last sem ni . 
User 2: last i remember is how to drag the web controls lmao
User 1: did you install visual studio loll
User 2: i have some visual studio . 
User 1: oh bro there's like atleast one gb to download . or else get your laptop with all it slides and you can use my laptop
User 2: okay i wanna practise thoda . fine you get priority . try downloading it tho
User 1: i have it :p
User 2: oh how cute you're helping me out . :')
User 1: i should start charging people for money or kind .  . won't be flirting with anushka anymire
User 2: making fun of revs skin colour nulifies it . december 1st yo . you've booked your tickets home ? . @ triv
User 1: she booked it for then ? . bro i don't know what my plan is for december so i haven't booked it . because of harshits bt he'll leave asap . arav has lab . no one else will be there just me vidit and shringi . but then that'll just be a day trip i guess . plus i wanna go with y'all too but then thailand thing even y'all are not sure and i don't if i'll be welcome . trivedis thing is also not final . i really want to fix a post end sem trip and get an internship
User 2: and rudhran no . four is enough
User 1: rudhran isn't coming at all
User 2: it's her birthday then lmao . o fuck why
User 1: don't knoe
User 2: should i ask everyone ?
User 1: na it's fine
User 2: thai is also very up in the air and tickets are getting expensive . muskaans getting damn annoyed w everyone
User 1: f
User 2: i don't blame her she's the only one doing anything about it
User 1: oh fuck . what are parv and all doing
User 2: no clue . what's anushkas scene
User 1: nothing yet . she's like if it's just the two of us also she doesn't mind going to kasol 
User 2: cute  . go for it . but it'll be damn cold . i'm sure tib and parv will be in . tell him to upload his trnascripts and slcm ss for last sem as one pdf . iaeste
User 1: yeah i'll do
User 2: we're meeting na
User 1: yes but delay . i just finished my iaeste thing . i submitted it . get it verified no
User 2: approved
User 1: bro my current year of studying is showing three
User 2: completed semesters is 6 . for what
User 1: and the swiss offer requires four year completed or 4th year . in the manage profile tab
User 2: 1512020-13121 . call me . maximum fifty-two weeks
User 1: should i just add all the skills for all the offers or specifically according to the offer . its different for the swiss offer bro . the dates
User 2: add all . what are the dates . coming in 30 . save me a seat at textbook . wru
User 1: levaing . you ?
User 2: same . reached ?
User 1: yess
User 2: come to textbook
User 1: i was in campus then . it went well ? ?
User 2: i'm passing . idgaf about anything . i bought thailand tickets i was damn scared
User 1: so y'all are leaving on 3rd ? . surprise . tell me about sundays party
User 2: what's sundays party . wru . i'm in if everyone else is and if you save his number
User 1: bottom right . just a common general party . anyone everyone can come . free entry . buy drinks and food . 8pm to three am . bro
User 2: su che
User 1: don't make plans for today . at all . no
User 2: kyu
User 1: anushka and i have a date night 
User 2: what  . since when
User 1: first date today lel . you don't know
User 2: are u serious . is it a date date . or like y'all getting dinner
User 1: date date
User 2: use a condom, ik you've got
User 1: i don't have sex on first date
User 2: day 473256 . i meant, i can stay out aaj . 
User 1: omg i knew i should have told you at night only . let's see the guard at night . if he's the chill one toh toh oho too chill . but i'm not keeping any expectations:p . good for my date
User 1:  if you make it awkward gand mardunga mohommad ali road style . thanks love :)
User 2:  . we'll see 
User 1: koi bakchodi nahi .  . clutch or dje . be there for your fam
User 2:  . ok . yo what's the scene . y'all going or no
User 1: chut . anushka read the first message on my watch  . we watched a movie at home . only netflix . and then walked back . she got too baked after the  and absinthe
User 2: first message ? . oh as in mine . sounds cute tho . go out properly tom
User 1:  . oh yeah it was damn nice .
User 2: that doesn't mean anything
User 1: we both flirt damn awkwardly like single people . it's too perf . yeah and what if she swiped thoda idhar udhar . anyway she was looking for the heart rate thing 
User 2: who got out of three yr long relationships . arre that's all chill . last two weeks go for it my boy
User 1: fu . eh hona hoga toh great . but if it starts now and continues in mumbai for a month toh :p . bro we gonna be apart after manipal for sure anyway . doesn't make sense
User 2: why are you already thinking of all of that . last few days so wtv doesn't matter later
User 1: that too
User 2: live in the moment
User 1: all that's good and i'm in . but i can't initiate so
User 2: then why bt
User 1: no bt . i'm happy with today
User 2: so tomorrow ?
User 1: gotta watch my muslim get drunk first and then a cute date . so not bad . hey you wanna come over to study
User 2: haram . (d)cc . what's her scene w rana tho
User 1: i don't wanna know what cc means  . man she's annoyed with the guy and done
User 2: i haven't been able to talk to her alone yet
User 1: so clear
User 2: why suddenly
User 1: with rana ? . arre man he opened his mouth to too many people and that kinda annoyed anushka . and like she said they just made out so not really a big deal right
User 2: aye . this is a little weird
User 1: from rana no ? . doesn't seem like that guy . but like when we went to the fifa place these two didn't talk at all
User 2:  . y'all have a spam group for your apt lmao
User 1: people who've dropped out are also included no . rushh . i got deakin
User 2: omfg what . 
User 1: dude
User 2: sup
User 1: so your face keeps popping in my head . that day in the lift . when you said . that it's good and all but bro don't get feelings and all its the end blah blah . i'm chill . but i think after sohan, i'm the only guy she likes likes . think kya, she said that .
User 2: chal we'll talk properly after itb . don't overthink so much . jan you're going to aus she's going to paris
User 1: bro i'm chill . i don't want her to get bt . i know she doesn't expect anything . but with girls that can change really quickly . also how's your it
User 2: no scene . i want a c man . o hate this coding crap . you don't get bt in all of this . listen when re you sending your shit to bom
User 1: i think too much for the other person so it always sucks . oh fuck i need to pacl . i'll try sending after it and before eom
User 2:  . wow that's like tom . lmk even i'll try packing this weekend
User 1: i have to get them washed . too much sutta . or we can do after end sem . won the spain offer
User 2: spain or deakin . send me your offer for . form . how many weeks
User 1: arre 8th sem . now tell em everything about the offer i was too drunk last night
User 2:  .
User 1: 26-52 . that i want or what they are offering ?
User 2: what you want 
User 1: twenty-six
User 2: ask what your placement fee is
User 1: whom ?
User 2: wait i'll find out . gimme till afternoon she's sleeping . what do you wanna do . deakin or this . around 14 .5
User 1: profile deakin is better . but the 8th sem will become too expensive . and this job . like i'll have to learn new things which is fine but then what if they don't take
User 2: what do you have to lose if they don't ? . you only have to pay 14 .5k if you get accepted . or back out after
User 1: accept . how many weeks should it be for minimum
User 2: 26 . i'll help you out w the nomi . even i'm making mine . start w cover letter and lors . everything else will be done by mon
User 1: oh fuck you tell me what all i need to get because i toh have nothing whatsoever . because of the requirements no ? . what's the minimum for aicte . fuck man i'm drunk again 
User 2: tch alcoholic . sixteen weeks . it'll be like belarus only . but everything needs to be much better because 8th sem offer
User 1: when is the last day for all this
User 2: mahia will tell you . but send asap . if you want a reply soon
User 1: wait i'm in kmc . i'll call you after going back properly
User 2: wtf why are you in kmc
User 1: getting my suture removed relax
User 2: oh sick . it's done now ?
User 1: didn't happen . okay now list all the things i need
User 2: yo
User 1: you called ?
User 2: yeah, is everything fine with vidit ?
User 1: why what happened  ?
User 2: idk someone told me he got into an accident
User 1:  . he in dubai . what time man
User 2: i'll tell you the place . near the airport only . wanna meet near my place we'll go together ?
User 1: you'll have to pass my area duh
User 2: how . sealink western express . not going by eastern smart
User 1: this is coming 1hr forty-nine mins from your area . and this is coming 1hr 59mins
User 2: okay if it's not too different idm . otherwise come to kemp's corner
User 1: that doesn't make sense yo . accha you'll be passing mahalaxmi right
User 2: not rly but i'll make a detour for you 
User 1: okay i'll see you here then . what time are you planning to leave
User 2: eleven
User 1: okay . sup
User 2: where are you . i'm at haji ali . dude . pick up . location: yo wya . wanna come to fort . we're at metro rn muski leaving tonight
User 1: i have to go to bca . what's your poa
User 2: bca ?
User 1: because then after my work is done i can comen . wankhede
User 2: going to bandra in the afternoon she's meeting some friends i'll meet my grandmom . from there we'll go to the airport . wanna come ?
User 1: no .
User 2: when are you going
User 1: this idm . but i just woke up . like i'll leave in thirty
User 2: come now we're reaching horniman in 15 . otherwise come near nepean sea road we'll leave for bandra at 2:30ish
User 1: i'm not leaving south today  . have other plans later too . i'll leave my house and coordinate
User 2: trivedi plans 
User 1: guess who going to shirdi for some god 
User 2: wut . shirdi ? . tomorrow 1:40 wanna go for knives out
User 1: some religious s five hours away . in
User 2: going for the day ? . i'll actually book ?
User 1: obviously . cool . where are you
User 2: ghar . muski left for bandra i'm leaving in an hour
User 1: wish her farewell and tell her i'm sorry for telling her to fuck off
User 2:  . come let's go to the airport . what work do you have
User 1: going to get drunk tonight with a friend i haven't met since five years . should be awkward :)
User 2: fazlani ?
User 1: yas lol . i came to pee in jaihind  . while hunting for suttas . lol
User 2: sup . wtf  . wanna go for ford vs ferrari . 4:20 show metro
User 1: oh fuck i completely forgot about this . you didn't book right
User 2: nope . let's go ? . i was drunk and passed out in the theatre last time i went . or leggo for knives out
User 1: this . what time
User 2: checking . 1:40 metro ?
User 1: cool
User 2: sick . wanna get drunk before
User 1: i'm getting drunk tonight with a dude i haven't met since a bajillion years . gonna be awkward and funn
User 2: how cute . even i've been hitting up old school friends 
User 1: bro when is your internship starting
User 2: 131
User 1: bro i haven't gotten my invitation letter also  . are you staying in ff21
User 2: what's your loc . wtf  . even sampada's location got confirmed two days ago . liek her city
User 1: whitefield or malad 
User 2: idk when office im getting apparently i'll find out when i get there . they told you bangalore na ?
User 1: i requested blore . im too scared . i can't be stuck here . i'll legit die . which ff21 are you going for
User 2: kdh . call your hr
User 1: like quantiphi ?
User 2: yeah
User 1: i haven't received a single mail from them
User 2: do you have a contact number
User 1: lul wut contact . i emailed placement department yesterday
User 2: call harish . you didn't get a mail when you got placed or what
User 1: not from quantiphi . cool
User 2: that's such bullshit wtf  . what are they doing . who else do you know in quantiphi
User 1: mukur didn't take the internship . i'll ask sahil teekay
User 2: wasn't he dating someone
User 1: he was dating tanisha srimanth . but she kept cheating on him
User 2: hot biomed chic na
User 1: so like all groups, the guy was removed from the group  . yass
User 2: ahh, manipal
User 1: manipal .
User 2: i think i really annoyed her at her procession  . who was in his group
User 1: my entire first year group . like the exact same one lol . oh bro first year was such a ride
User 2: cute . you're actually out for drinking ? . just one drink
User 1: i'm going to be driving man
User 2: same
User 1: okay so where do you want to drink
User 2:  . sunlight ?  . it's v close . plus kc feelz
User 1: what time 
User 2: meet at 1 ? movie at 1:40
User 1: oh man, okay
User 2: sup . leaving in ten
User 1: yes yes . just left
User 2: same
User 1: where are you . fuck this traffic bro
User 2: one minute away . hoe . send your loc
User 1: i'm on the way . fuck we'll have to chug . inininin
User 2:  . that's never been an issue . wru . i'm here bitch . location: yo . we're doing sth tonight in bandra you better come ha
User 1: where
User 2: gonna decide and let yknow in a bit . know any cheap nice place ? 
User 1: yeah plus this . i spent all my money on s for the bachelor trip
User 2: no baba tonight on me . till we hit the budget
User 1:  . why tho ?
User 2: yeah now you're uninvited . i'm getting old tom 
User 1: after mihikas birthday
User 2: also it's chalni
User 1: i forgot
User 2: omg did you wish
User 1: channi
User 2: today no ?
User 1: mad or what . we knew each other for three months and dated  23 of those so  . noppe
User 2: tf is veg chicken schezwan 
User 1: 17 . or something . i made the group long back in 2nd sem 
User 2: you've got a lot of muslim frenz ha
User 1: fazlani
User 2: in proportion to the number of muslim jokes you make
User 1:  . i don't make with them . so have to get it out somewhere
User 2: yo . wru
User 1: i'll take like twenty moren
User 2: bitch
User 1: i lied then but i swear now
User 2: bitch . i'm here no one else is . i feel like that fat loser kid in every american movie
User 1:  . or the super smart sheldon
User 2: 6 .96
User 1: yeah you're the fat kid . sory
User 2: ur mom is
User 1: anywau . should i tell my parents to expect me back ?
User 2: drunk as fuck, yes
User 1: no, time wisen . of course i don't drink duh . you're not here for 31st ?
User 2: nahi . on a flight w my parents takes off at 11:40pm 
User 1: where to
User 2: leaving for jordan tom night . back on 1st . fam trip
User 1: oh man .
User 2: amman . you're in bom ? . i'll meet u on 1st . see ya next decade  . when's triv leaving
User 1: 8th . oh man yeah idek my city still
User 2: wyd for nye
User 1: so rn nothing af . but argh . okay i'll give you the best thing you'll hear today in one line . so idk if i told you but yeah my mom caught my strains . she confiscated it and didn't throw it . like i saw it in her drawer after dayss . when i woke up in the afternoon yesterday, she was  baked af
User 2: these guys are throwing a huge scene . ahuja divij . in bandra . i think they're gonna sell passes to people and all take you faz friends 
User 1: they are divided rn so that's why not going
User 2: wtf tho
User 2: what did she say when she saw your strains . and are you sure she was baked  . me as a parent tho, smoking my kids strains
User 1: she was smelling and i checked, only half was left . what is this . and smells it . and she's like oh it smells strong . and literally i was talking to trivedi on the phone . loll
User 2: fucking amazing . i love the story beginning to end
User 1: yeah she kinda owes my friends 1k how to tell her 
User 2: fam sesh now . 
User 1: you know what's better . either they got a prerolled ocb . and i fucking love each story
User 2: hahahah . don't know which one i'd like best . or they bust out their bong from under their bed
User 1:  . mummy clutch late mat chodo . clog hogaa . oh i will cry if it happens
User 2:  . have y'all spoken about this
User 1: my sister is coming home this weekend . i told her everything
User 2: where is she
User 1: first she got pissed off because she thought i was joking . married ?
User 2: oh that way . where does she live now
User 1: rajkamal studios only . ten mins away lol . but this thing needs sitting down
User 2: oh lmao . was your dad baked too
User 1: and some time to think about lel
User 2: this thing requires another score
User 1: he wasn't at home  . i don't know wake n bake he did or if mom  alone . i love al possibilities .  yeah there 1j  left . ininin
User 2:  . i want updates of this entire fam convo . when was this
User 1: yep the sequel of the dramatic play is coming out next decade
User 2: play w me
User 1: sends ss to jain . i'm the wrong jain . going for a bath 
User 2: he's shit at cod . why do you think we're not dating 
User 1:  ? . loll
User 2: can't date someone who gets three kills in deathmatch
User 1: your prerequisites .  . so in the entire game only two people were playing 
User 2:  . jenit jain . wyd bro . you're on thin ice, what did you say 
User 1: see the movies name . came back home from the teip . so detoxing till 31st . the rebound  . i've been . blocked
User 2: omfg . bro  . yeah you do . she has a picture 
User 1: ik  . bro i saw that dessert . in your story . that cheese thing that's in the circular huge plate
User 2: my story ?
User 1: man . sc sorry
User 2: oh the snap i sent you  . khaneef . it's sick bro . there's goat cheese in it
User 1: ik
User 2: aag mein ghee dalna bro
User 1: yeah shouldn't use dikshitas name in front of her . she gets riled up
User 2: group message is such a bad idea  . did she unblock ya ?
User 1: well it worked so  . i want parv to see jt
User 2: she did ?  . why
User 1: his endgame movie is cancelled af hence . pmc isn't booked out who said
User 2: nagpal . he was trying for pmc too . you contacted them ?
User 1: wait i'll do . you're def taking ff21 itp no ? . double sharingk .  ?
User 2: yup kdh tho . already booked . soum is in pmc
User 1: but she not single so eh .  . they aren't answering only
User 2: check with som then 
User 1: itp and kdh are almost the same distance from my place . i'll take kdh if pmc is not available
User 2: kdh is full for guys
User 1:  . that boy has so much natak  . but where is he taking ?
User 2:  . he's waiting for that jain to get an internship 
User 1: so are you :p
User 2: there's an unlisted ff21 . we all call it fake ff21 . apparently there's no common space only room there's . there . welcome to the jungle btw . acco is hell . try stayabode or grexter
User 1: are you talking about the website or talking bs . because there's a website welcome to the jungle  . mann . vaibhav nischay and all are also in whitefield
User 2: talking bs  . get an apt w them ?
User 1: bro three saal pragati sucked me dry . i think i'm ready for the pg life again  . i'm talking to this dude on insta . wait i'll show his pic
User 2: love the caption  . who is he . context pls
User 1: dude who lived at ff21 . asking him about the restrictions and shit . oh thanks man . i'll call . ly . bro . they have one one bed free in pmc . ah fuck why are you vacationing now
User 2:  . sup . left amman
User 1: tell me who all have booked where
User 2: ff21 pmc soumya . grexter is good but lil more expensive apparently . stayabode is also good i've heard from seniors but they're serviced apartments i think
User 1: what's colive
User 2: idk i think it's shit
User 1: serviced ?
User 2: that's a cute couples inn . reva and tgm are staying together and viren and sampada . it's a cheap looking ff21 . tbh if you're getting ff21 ipt or wtv take it
User 1: oh can't wait for a break up
User 2: its close to your work also . what a  
User 1: i'm getting pmc . closest
User 2: who are you sharing with though
User 1: no one has hooked up with sampada from my boy gang . your girl gang everyone is done except her . olt . random i guess
User 2: go four it
User 1: soumya is taking a single ?
User 2: you don't have my blessjng
User 1:  ? . trivedi will kill me
User 2: i asked her she hasn't replied . what happens in pari stays in pari
User 1: yeah yeah i spoke to her . bank is shit today . otherwise i'm booking it off
User 2: what did she say . why is she ignoring me 
User 1: even she'll be with someone random . long back man  .  ?
User 2: gg sounds fun
User 1: why am i not getting non veg snaps
User 2: basically 1st ur hostels again . hope for a meet . non spice  ice shawarma . lamb tho not chicken
User 1: i hope for a guy trivedi . i like mutton more tbh  .  . so it's a fake one . ew
User 2: even i prefer chicken  . you want it up your ass or what .  . it's like indian chinese . y'know it's not authentic but you love it more than real chinese . bro you figured acco ?
User 1: pmc :')
User 2: booked ?
User 1: i paid the 5k
User 2: hm same . when is your start date . mine got pushed to sixteen
User 1: 13 . when are you going there but
User 2: that was my old date . they changed it today . i'll book when i come home only now
User 1: i'm going on 11th . come around then we'll explore the city that weekend lol . fucking again south india . you ready my boi
User 2: we've got lots of time to explore  . how long is your internship
User 1: im getting the official letter tomorrow . i'll find out my salary tomorrow and find out how much i have to send to manipal soon lol
User 2: how much you have to send manipal ?
User 1: june and december rent . and then normal rent jan onwards . since i don't think they'll get new roommates . man do you have that picture from farewell . you me dynelle . and couple of other people . need it for the yearbook 
User 1: no banner and shit . not we do hangout . dynelle is there
User 2: she's there no ? . oh dyn . lmao wait i'll check
User 1: how's the vaca
User 2: can't find it . where was it
User 1: insta i think . op . 
User 2: vasvi pmd you na 
User 1: a1 broadcast list bro . we do hangout everyone is on that list lol
User 2: ayee skwad . can you upload mine the link isn't working for me . 160905075 . ty
User 1: okay . what kind of professional photography did y'all do in the iaeste office loll
User 2:  . board pictures been using that forever
User 1: how is jordann :,) . i want to see more dead animals bro .  . something like this
User 2: gg
User 1: oh that arabic is getting my inner jihad out oo love it
User 2:  . wdya want . arabic cheetos ?
User 1: idm something to eat only . yeah please dont get this shit mofo . unless there's like a chicken powder version that i've never seen
User 2: will you meet me on 1st ? i can get you a shawarma i'll buy it on 31st but idk if it'll last . last the decade 
User 1: oh man please don't do that disgusting shit  .  . it's fine i'll use the things you but for yourself in bangalore . buy
User 2: sick you're getting a keychain
User 1: make sure it's a magnet . need to attract them bitches while trivedi is away 
User 2: smooth how were you single for so long w pick up lines like those
User 1: don't know why either xd
User 2: who was the slutty tinder chick who everyone except you hooked up w
User 1: hey she wanted to meet okay don't say that . suma d
User 2: hahahahhaa that one . she's from bom ?
User 1: she lives in maldives or some island country bro  . would have been better than dik anyway so eh yes should have . bangalore two thousand and twenty goals
User 2: pun intended . sum d . how international
User 1:  that's bare minimum of my standards tru . no  and i'm in  . had such a nice discussion about with this with trivedi . she's in for dating . i told her all the cons and we were baked . i realised i was talking i kinda started ranting . and by the end she was crying smh 
User 2: just her ? . what did y'all decide
User 1: yeah man why the fuck will i cry . we decided that we'll set some middle ground . and then never spoke about it after becoming sober  . manipal way
User 2: cuz men are weak . what middle ground ? . bro don't do that honestly . manipal is v different only everyone lives w you or max thirty buck auto ride away
User 1: anything that includes doesn't include exclusiveness when we are in different cities because thats what is the best for both of us . but yeah i've grown too close to her
User 2: and y'all are both okay with that . so what ? open relationship ? . or just not defining it ?
User 1: this . doubt it but haven't spoken about it . no man i don't want this shit like wtf how white do you think we are  . idk how okay she's with not being exclusive . because i'm thinking about her adventures in paris more than mine in blore . like she shouldn't miss out on anything . lol hows jains job hunt going
User 2:  . haan as long as you're both okay with it . i wouldn't be able to tbh know that they might be booking up w someone else . but also i wouldn't be able to end it so idk . don't ask me for advice on this shit you're more experienced than me  . yeah i get it . what did she say about this whole exclusive thing . make it clear that it's not about you wanting to fk around in blore though .  . he got something on the other side of blore but he's more interested in this other company they said they'll let him know by 4th . but we're all meeting in kannur on 3rd for rev's sisters engagement na . like ten of us are going so at least i'll see him there, he's going to blore from there to network and find acco and shit i really don't know what he's doing 
User 1: made this too clear i'm smart like that . this is a grey area because . same for me . france ? . oh but anyway at least it's the same city . that's also in blore or what
User 2: yeah marathalli lmaoo . dude if i get whitefield imma flip i swear . finally got my offer letter
User 1: how many places will there be anyway
User 2: this always it . is . it's like 18km from my ff21 . and whitefield is huge i'm not even near you and soum . i'll just cry in blore traffic everyday . nah start date was 23rd lmao
User 1: good boss . he'll give you treats for a good job . how many schneiders are there lol
User 2: eat cock . this is so unfair . already saved as work, cute :') . it's confirmed ?
User 1:  bro in the ff21, my room is with other three rooms in the parking lot . other eighty-four rooms are separate . yes but they fucking haven't sent the official letter . was supposed to get it on twenty-seven
User 2: wtf are you serious  . it's a legit ff21 na ?
User 1: how much are you getting paid and where's your office ? . 
User 2: they have all these unlisted ones
User 1: ya da . pmc
User 2: loc not given, 25k for i . 161 for four months . born to rule
User 1: only four fuck . bro i think mine is way longer . and do we get a break between i and p 
User 2: yeah mines sick 
User 1: fuck i can't believe this is our last vacation before the professional life btt
User 2: i have no clue . i swear i'm not doing shit till 171 . teach my python pls . me . when are you going to blore
User 1: this is what i got for python for my internship lol . 11th
User 2: sounds fun . i'll do it from 7-15 . became the snake charmer
User 1: trivedi leaving on 8th
User 2: become . booked ? . ha i was just talking to her . let's meet 1st2nd
User 1: which snake do you want to charm ha . promotions by 
User 2: what are y'all doing for nye
User 1: yess . in . man . first it was going to be just the two of us . then my school friends made a bungalow plan in which they don't mind her coming
User 2: how do you think i got that a in se  . oh cute
User 1: and then her fake ass school friends made a house party plan that mostly i am not invited to
User 2: you're introducing her to your friends ? . oh lmao
User 1:  . that was so black . she gels with everyone why not
User 2: we wouldn't know we were drinking in big boss 
User 1: they guilt tripped her that you never come blah blah and she herself says they are too fake 
User 2: so what have yall finally decided
User 1: oh man . yeah too many good memories fucks . madam is waiting for text from friend
User 2: ahh manipal . corp life is gonna suck balls . what are your timings
User 1: im telling her i'll get her ecstasy and a room in the bungalow . what else can someone ask for 
User 2: i'm in
User 1: i haven't received jack
User 2: minus the room . so how do you know blore for sure ? . the hr contacted you or sth
User 1: fine don't spend the night with me  . at least the confirmed blore 
User 2:  . if there's  i'm in . there's a bidding war going on
User 1: and gave us an account on their site with shit tons of study material  .  . for ?
User 2: highest three bidders get to sesh w me
User 1:  . i thought your first time you were going to treat your friends
User 2: 25k a month no scene  . wtf . what do you have to study . pay is good no ?
User 1: that also they havent told us jack aboutt . aws gcp python ml . they said they'll have a test after we've been inducted properly
User 2: what the fuck  . at least you're getting paid yo . muski has to give a test at dr reddys and hers is unpaid  . gcp ? . how are you gonna use aws without login credentials . python ml is chill for you nom .  ?
User 1: google cloud platform . free for a year for everyone . like the basic free tier but i'm not practicing anything arghh . yeah that's fine . but they have like million links for too many things
User 2: oye . divij is asking if y'all wanna come for their nye scene
User 1: what is it
User 2: manipal people renting a place in bandra i think . alc  sutta what else will manipal people do  . y'all will know a lot of people ahuja meet divij pam
User 1: bro even you won't be there and we are anyway confused because if anushka is going to her party then i'm going to lonavala
User 2: i'll come in the morning with a blow horn
User 1: what time you coming
User 2: landing at 4am . i'll come by 8-9 . we'll get cute new decade brekkie together
User 1: i doubt all of this so much
User 2: ok we don't talk about cs shit this week . i'll be sober only dw . islam
User 1:  . ew .  . why do you do so many haram things in one day
User 2: i've been so hallal recently wdym
User 1: because you've been vacationing in a islamic country ? . can't wait for you to find out that there's not  test . wtf .
User 2: nah there's lotta booze here  . 
User 1: you really scammed us . yeah fine . but bro wtf .
User 2:  . but i'm gonna only sesh on special occasions
User 1:  . . you really scammed a lotta people man
User 2:  . eid mubarak yo . change .org petition
User 1: my girls :') . okay now since i know the truth we have to do it . or i'll spread it  . you know first thing i did was take a ss no
User 2:  . in blore . we'll take the  w us . i'm gonna re-lose my  virginity only to the s fudge
User 1: anushka started crying while high on s stuff :')
User 2: what
User 1: it was too fucking godd argh
User 2: she started crying ? . you're such a bitch 
User 1: arre that intense discussion thing
User 2: where did y'all sesh
User 1: brownies . ate and then arcade like we did :') . accha is it fine if anushka also comes for the divij thing if we decide to go there for a bit ?
User 2: haan but they're collecting money . for booze and all . message divij he was only asking about y'all
User 1: yeah anushka is really confusing me because sh thinks divij doesn't like her . because if nigam . blah blah i'm to tired to discuss about that . but bro, start from your birthday things got to lit for me . starting with me finding out that my mom smoked the stash that she confiscated from me :) . lot to catch up on
User 2: what  . thats bs . you want me to talk to her ? . you know he was the one who invited you parv and anushka for diwali . and he told me to tell y'all about nye too
User 1: no wait
User 2: no one was calling their own friends like only common ppl
User 1: man she's too confused . i have a backup plan ready for lonavala because i feel she's too flakey for her nye plan
User 2: that's why they didn't call nikita and tib and all
User 1: oh damn
User 2: v exclusive suresh mess lunch 
User 1: bro i like pearl gang what should i say  . fucking beautiful day don't gotta ruin it like this . like she's already flaked one night out plan . so i'm just seeing how this one goes .
User 2: bro i was so fucked  . tanishqa called me and yelled at me cuz i almost missed her diwali scene . yeah we're v cute and degenerate
User 1: you passed out woke up and came again . long ass day .
User 2: changed out of that fkn lengha . man
User 1: sure cancelled the wrong part
User 2: on 1st y'all come to soch w me no . i need to buy a lengha for this kannur thing now . such a bt
User 1: you think we'll have the energy . we'll do everything only in the am . as soon as it's pm i'mma pass outt
User 2: ha done . pls don't bounce to powai . also yk a lot of pearl people don't like arushi na
User 1: bro im never driving there again so dw about that
User 2: that's why she's come to the 5bhk once  . why what happened 
User 1: what about her scene with divij . bro you have to take tunnels and go through mountains can't sorry . that really not mumbai
User 2: bro i got involved in their shit once i'm done  . take it from me i love goss more than the next person but not worth it
User 1:  . that's embedded in our bombay blood tru . bro anushka is just thinking too much that oh they don't like me or i didn't get an invitation bs . half of them will be drunk like the last one hundred and nine times they've been drunk with us in manipal . so idk what's the big deal mann . aise toh she didn't mind staying over during the vaibhav phase uf
User 2: exactly  . don't overthink so much . it's pearl people baba big hearts, bigger drinking capacities . and if this was true between the seventeen of us we wouldn't talk to anyone or each other for that matter 
User 1: i know man . so she's on a set-up kinda date that she was assured isnt a date . let her come from that  . she's said oh she wants a properl invitation because the divij probably doesn't like her . and then ahuja finally asked her . and then she was fine . man this drama is the reason i can't date . so many extra things
User 2: arre . after so long why does she need an invite . plus it's not free it's 3k  . he's telling me to send it to my school friends  . what . with whom ? . who set her up lol ?
User 1: rationalising with girls is something im not good at . so her bestfriend who is also in town is like oh he's my friend from college he just shifted here so entertain him . and then she fucking bounced for mood indigo . and anushka isn't even leaving the powai area . and according to the best friend this is definitely not a set up . like my as . but eh might as well get used to cheating . that's what two thousand and nineteen taught me lol
User 2: why isn't best friend with them . who bounced to mood i ? the two of them ?
User 1: exactly what i dont understand . only the bestfriend . they are roaming around on a date 
User 2: seems more my type than hers, intro ? . where did these two go
User 1: text her
User 2: two birds one stone 
User 1: havent gotten a reply since two hours lol
User 2: but don't overthink so much baba
User 1: yeah i'm chill only
User 2: triv cares about you
User 1: how's the travellinngg
User 2: but you know . the only way to stop this is to either make yourself completely okay with it somehow . or have the whole exclusive talk
User 1: i don't want her to have that restriction so i'm def not doing that . this 
User 2: at least for now . till paris
User 1: oh that we've had so that's why i'm chill
User 2: i mean i'm sure trivedi won't do anything but at least for peace of mind . oh y'all are exclusive till paris ?
User 1: yes . are you waiting for jain to decide a job and then y'all will have the exclusive talk . or is he in bangalore for sure ?
User 2: we've been exclusive for a long time now  . had the talk in august . i only brought it up but in both our heads it was already kinda exclusive
User 1: yeah but he's def in bangalore ?
User 2: but after the rishabh thing i was not taking any chances lmao
User 1: yeah same case lol
User 2: the other talk is yet to happen
User 1:  ew
User 2: in bombay we took that room and decided to end it
User 1: wait did you sleep with rishab  . suree
User 2: two days later idr who was drunk but it came up and we decided not to end it and decide in jan . in three days it's gonna be jan so fun (: . but yeah we've been talking a lot . vid called a few times in jordan . he bought that cake apparently lmao
User 1: but is the other job that he wants in bangalore too or no ?
User 2: both are in blore
User 1:  ?
User 2: 4th we'll find out . on my bday
User 1: oh man . too cute . bro ask him out then .
User 2: apparently he vid called that night and i told him i love him a bunch of times (: . im shy  . arre he's damn flaky about his internship
User 1: before you passed the fuck out . oh he can be in manipal also ?
User 2: not getting into anything till we actually talk face to face in bangalore . and we need to sort some stuff out before lol . it was 4am . and divij kept pouring old monk 
User 1: oh man you'll really are the not dating kinda people who are in love . good bollywood script . 100 would watch .  . oh man look at my boi growing up . cute
User 2: hahahahajajja  . i'd watch more than i did in chhichore . we're both immature as fuck . legit the opposite of you and trivedi . y'all got out of three year long relationships
User 2: neither of us have been in anything this serious in the last three years . ew what's that . why that title tho
User 1: which is why i don't want to start one with us starting the relationship only with long distance . it just doesn't make sense at all . because it's edgy and it's bollywood duh . tomato pav some masala and more tomato . ah man . i hope they are the best in town .
User 2: if you have to eat veg at least eat pav bhaji . same
User 1: want to
User 2: works both ways
User 1: i'm giving up the non veg life
User 2: no one wina
User 1:  . bro but if you both are in bangalore fucking ask him out on the first day 
User 2: bullshit  . tbd
User 1: if it's goes south and y'all stop talking, harshit will be in bangalore for two weeks for training . i shall hit him up for you  . my sister has come over ! mostly going to talk to mom now lol . should be fun
User 2:  . the one that got away . hahahahhaa how did it go 
User 1: i just asked her and she's like tomorrow . smh . 2912, 22:32 jenit jain: how was the date
User 2: do . not . overthink
User 1: bangalore new year new me
User 2: i what time is it rn
User 1: one thousand, one hundred and thirty
User 2: what did you say
User 1: or maybe . cool call when you reach  . why aren't we talking about jordanm
User 2: arre you chill . stop expecting the worst
User 1: arre i know it's actually fine da . i actually want to know toh  . i can't have best wings in town don't mean i don't wanna see and talk about them
User 2: i didn't like em  . honey mustard ew . but the burger  . i doubt you eat beef tho ?
User 1: oh the steak at cafe churchill . but it was buffalo
User 2: if he doesn't mind travelling he can book where all of us are book . he'll have company . jain
User 1: waiting for that sweet melting cow
User 2: don't pay the 20k yet
User 1: what company ? . oh bangalore
User 2: jain nattu you . ha
User 1: which area .  .
User 2: i think jain has a lil crush on you he keeps asking about you  . nattu is gs so marathalli . and i'm 1km from gs hopefully
User 1: or maybe hes scared i'll take his gal in mumbai  . oo . wait let me check
User 2: haan keep your enemies closer
User 1: smart he is . send this to jain  . they are definitely taking an apartment ?
User 2:  . even for soum it's v close . i was trynna convince her to take my ff21 she laughed at me 
User 1: exactly hahahah
User 2: nope he and nattu want a pg
User 1: during the day it's to bad
User 2: but they don't want those rules . tbh unless he's in my ff21 i don't want the rules either 
User 1: bro thoda are fine . not every place can be manipal  .  . your roommate is going to have so many issues
User 2: work is secondary fun is primary . tanishqa already warned me about "no funny business in the room" 
User 1: oh man i was trying to leave this part of me in this decade . oh wait you're rooming with her ? ? . bro if they get an apartment im sure i'll chill there only since you can't really smoke up in ff21 . and i'll get to see more of you  . too gay sorry . but na i'm not traveling so much 
User 2: you can't stone ? ? . hahahahah did you read all the rules . i'm gonna break all of them
User 1: i did
User 2: including puttingleaving your trash in the hallways , . what do they think this is
User 1: that bathroom sutta is must .
User 2: block twelve or what .
User 2: yeah just till may
User 1: they ain't ready for manipalites fuck .
User 2: if i stay for placement then i need an apt
User 1: ya obviously . yeah she's going to be locked out too often . cute she thinks this . you deleted this message . ff21 can't stop what will she . do
User 2:  . guests allowed four times a month . with prior notice 
User 1: no she didn't cheat on me 
User 2: then what happened 
User 1: she was trying the make you jealous wala thing . like she asked me to video call and all . and when i did she broke the prank on 0 .352727 seconds . thank god she can't rea four convo
User 2: what is this yo
User 1: i played it off by saying i wasn't thinking about it spent my evening studying 
User 2: gg
User 1: bitches be cray
User 2: oh she replied to me rn 
User 1: what is she saying 
User 2: did you tell her you told me something
User 1: tell her you didn't talk to me the entire day  . we'll fuck w her . nothing we have to do
User 2: are y'all together or what 
User 1: no no . important
User 2: are y'all fucking w me i stg i'm not getting y'all jack from jordan 
User 1:  noo . have to get . plus we have to fuck with her !
User 2: told you so btw . bitch
User 1: at this point tbh i wasn't exactly doing this but i'd accepted my fate . like whatever it was going to be 
User 2: why did she send this 
User 1: started doing that after dikshita . because i'm pranking her and you're way too deep into the prank to back out
User 2: what did you tell her about me tho . what is this relationship bt day bro . jain literally out of nowhere started up  . now you fkn come online and help me
User 1: yaa . no you ignore mine . i'm pranking her and all you have to do is pretend that we didn't talk today . continue what's up ?
User 2: fine  . nothing . what if i don't get bangalore . what if i get abb . that's 50km away . what if i'm in hyd
User 1: that's not happening . wasn't this finalised . what is jain saying
User 2: he's asking all these questions  . he hasn't gotten the offer letter yet . it's through referrals . hr was supposed to contact him a while ago . idk what's going on honestly
User 1: arre . he really wants to be in the same city as everyone . especially you . of course he'll have done anxiety . fomo . dude if he gets bangalore fuck you're going to be dating dating
User 2: yeah he divij nattu and all are v fomo kinda people . ok don't give bt before it's necessary . whether he ends up in blr or not there's gonna be a lot of bt . and you're gonna have to drink w me in whitefield 
User 1: gin and old monk . always in . if he ends up there y'all are going to be drinking a lot before so that y'all can talk about serious things
User 2: you know me so well :') . done w your prank ?
User 1: cute kids . nazar na lage . yeah kinda sexting right now
User 2: ew tmi
User 1: jk but yeah she's using the  "maybe i wouldn't have gone on the date if someone had asked me out" . and the dating thing . i'm like all the jokes are going to turn into serious statements so soon . inside didn't tell her obviously . where exactly did you stay with jain
User 2: why are y'all referring to this as a date 
User 1: only i am :p
User 2: bollywood disco or something . ask him to be smart . and not look at oyos . ask him to book ginger . or ibis . we had a really shitty time honestly
User 1: will you gpay work from there . kinda need you to reserve our room since our messages go to our parents  . tel
User 2: don't think so . don't have my indian sim
User 1: fuck
User 2: ask muski she'll do it . but she might be at work
User 1: i don't wanna disturb her for plans where i get laid and she has to do work 
User 2:  . ask jain he's not doing anything
User 1: i think anushka is transferring to her paytm and doing . paytm is what comes written in the statement no . yeah thanks for this  . oo . who she
User 2: he'll feel bad tho he thought y'all had sth real
User 1: we do . with an expiry date of 8-1-2020 . 
User 2: you and him not triv . i told you jain has a massive crush on you
User 1: why the fuck ?
User 2: he keeps telling me idk if i should feel insecure . blr hyd ldr go for it .  . rachit can set him up with a  couple of hookers too if he wants to add some spice
User 1: right back at you  .  . i don't want anything lower class indian touching me . dikshita was enough never again . whyy but
User 2: ok actually he's not doing jack text him if you want him to sort out your booking scene he'll do it  . muski would also do it she's also not doing shit at work 
User 1: wait mine is working now dw . it's done yo . bro it fkd up
User 2: idk either he likes you now what do i do .  . gg
User 1: when i find out what's going on i'll tell you . arre good . at least i have someone to go to in bangalore when i'm feeling the blues
User 2: cute . i ship . no one would have to change their last name
User 1: okay i'm gonna kill myself . i really am . idk how . i put 31st . it booked for 30th . fuck hahahah true . okay arusha please let's switch partners
User 2: hahahahahhaha . jain fucked up the room scene so bad . fine no ?
User 1: reminds me of the terrible last day y'all had :)
User 2: go today then . bruh don't even . the best thing that happened that night was when jain admitted for the first time in six mo that i was right and we should've paid in cash .  . why are y'all booking 31st . not doing he bandra party ?
User 1: oh sex was that bad huh ? sucks . we are taking the room only till 10am so like whenever you come tell us we'll join everyone then
User 2: jain admitting he's wrong  orgasms . arre but i'm coming 1st . party's on 31st
User 1: i'll be fucking from 31st to 1st and then i'll meet you
User 2: gg . beginning of this decade vs the end
User 1: i'll meet you in the beginning nothing is more special 
User 2: so all your school plans are canned ? 
User 1: they popping ecstasy in lonavala where even anushka was invited
User 2: sounds fun . v two thousand and twenty
User 1: anushka can't go so i guess even i'm bunking
User 2: why ? . ahh the things we do for sex love
User 1: lonavala no . idk why she can't lie . but i'm not asking . ofc love i'm not cheap . like i'm not saying this was the last opportunity for sex before she leaves, but it kinda is  . what a coincidence woah i didn't know only
User 2:  . she's here for another week na . where are y'all staying finally
User 1: stayuncle . but overnight won't be possible . she'll meet her friends i'll meet mine so yeah
User 2: :'( . where are y'all staying tho . like which area
User 1: chembur because its exactly in between  . we can come wherever after that
User 2: y da . bandra ?
User 1: stay uncle is limited af . but it's a nice place . and we'll come wherever you are dw
User 2: they've got hotels and all na . or is it like oyo
User 1: we are in a hotel only not apartment
User 2: i think the hotel we ended up staying in was listed on stay uncle . manipal was so much easier wtf . four hundred and seven or one hundred and four  . all this fkn bt lmao
User 1: yolo don't tell this to anushka and give her bt .  ! . thirty bucks tip to the guard and get laid . ah easier days
User 2:  . some bollywood shit it was weird  . this i think
User 1: you stayed here ?
User 2: reached there at 4am 
User 1: i mean that only . bro . my school friends are the worst . that's dikshitas phone ss  . now i'm getting shit for it . and anushka is drunk with her two friends . they video called me and the girl is thanking me for keeping her best friend "so happy"
User 2: how did they get this wtf . what i'm so confused
User 1: divya sent today . the best friend who is a girl . best friend anushka
User 2: who's divya . how do you and dikshita have mutuals . ha baba this i got . so you sent dikshita a follow request . she took a screenshot . and how did anushka and your friends get involved
User 1: manjunath . we dated for three years so . my friends did
User 2: oh i thought bombay friends
User 1: and she asked divya why is he adding me
User 2: and how did triv find out
User 1: that's diff story . she doesn't know and won't find out . i don't want to give her bt when it's not even called for
User 2: oh . what happened here
User 1: nothing they drunk video called me to thank me for making anushka happy . again i was talking to anushka on video call and her friend straight up got up and left the restaurant to puke  . but bro . the dikshita thing . is so embarrassing . lol okay . he was probably drunk . good for him . this is what she told divya when i gave the explanation . yeah i'm being trash talked and appreciated by two lovers simultaneously
User 2: oh that's chill only  . what explanation did you give
User 1: yeah so i was on a friend's bachelor trip . and we were tripping  . someone might have sent it from my phone because they still tease me with her since they only know one girl from manipal . but i didnt do it . and that's more important . sent her this
User 2: oh  . gg . why do you have so much drama in december . it's holiday szn
User 1: man i don't want it to continue in bangalore yaa . find out through your sources where dik is going to be in bangalore . must stay away from that area
User 2: i thought she was doing 8th sem proj
User 1: pranjal wanted to do but she got him to do an internship w her at bangalore and then broke up with him  . like fuck mann . and she got a coding job
User 2: what where . haan you told me 
User 1: i'm feeding divya all my gossip so that it reaches dik  . fuck i'm evil af . no clue . let's see if we talk next sem lel . bro . dik is in ff21
User 2: what . which one
User 1: "somewhere near whitefield"  . can be pmc
User 2: or iptl . how do you know this . divya ?
User 1: i guess kdh seeing from the map . yass
User 2: where is she working . kdh is mine lmao
User 1: hey i'll be coming over more often 
User 2: but that marathalli . don't go down that road
User 1: no clue
User 2: it's a slippery slope lol . ask
User 1: when the girl is wet enough .  . broo . she's in ff21 pmc .  . pranjal also is in pmc .  . bro im dyinngg
User 2: what  . omfg . how the fuck . i love it . manipal drama continues 
User 1: bro anushka is going ti flipp . yeah wtf i was ready for new decade new me
User 2: exclusive till paris . but srsly . not dikshita man
User 1: never . bro she was the most toxic thing in my life
User 2: i'll give you jain bro . take tanishqa . she's single
User 1: i need to leave manipal sometime you know . i'm ready for bits goa . 
User 2:  . this is crazy
User 1: bro all my groups are blowing up . everyone is losing their . this is the vibe i need in 2020 . 
User 2: youre telling her ?
User 1: maybe tomorrow or day after . don't want to ruin tomorrow night ya
User 2: smart decision . yo you uploaded my yearbook picture na
User 1: yas
User 2: jenny boi . last day of the decade
User 1: gotta get laid . hahaha i deleted my initial reply whuch was mean . and then sent this lol . but yeah lets see how that goes
User 2: what is happening to the group . rishabh throwing in that like is everything 
User 1: yeah that's pretty random . why the fuck do we still even have a y dont v hangout . we doo . control your mem . men
User 2: bro schneids is fucking w me . one guy got his loc . i'm getting pissed now
User 1: do you have any emaill
User 2: so fucking disorganized . yehabthere are a lot of formalities
User 1: how many possible locations but ?
User 2: and our chut hr doesn't reply to any of us . two for my profile . the other profile is fucked  . it's in some attenbale place . which is a town near bangalore 
User 1:  . udupi . oh fucks . but both of yours are in bangalore only no
User 2: i'd die bro
User 1: oh man wtf . yeah lets hope you get fucking a
User 2: a is my ff21 . that's the only thing confirmed 
User 1: bro satva fitness . finally you'll gym next decade . or will you . 
User 2: i found a cult fitness in the same tech park as the marathali office  . leggo every eve we'll go . talk about how dumb boys are and do cardio
User 1: i will not betray my gender and i don't have weight to lose so no cardio for me thank you . you lose your arm fat . about time . wait letmese . 6km from my place no thanks . i couldn't go from pragati to fucking mareena
User 2: fine u bulk i cardio .  . we're gonna have to travel to meet and drink . i don't like it
User 1: okay yeah we live twenty mins away . meaning ten minutes to the midway bar . cool sounds ezpz . okay we have to decide days when we'll drink . we can't repeat manipal again . like every specific day we just have to meet and drink every week . tradition . let's hope this doesn't get caught too lol
User 2: looks like a fam nye sesh . caught and smoked lmao . apparently traffic is shit . what's that . arbor brewing company . i also went to community . real nice place . also bangalores jantakit katdeetee is chin lung . now we have our own s to spend
User 1: i just meant we shouldn't be drinking so much  . gotta finish before jan is over
User 2: i don't speak this language . this is our first week hitlist . bro my work starts at eight lol
User 1:  . i'll ttyl
User 2: ur didn raise a pussy . mom . didn't
User 1: ya so lotta drama happened at home . can't wait to leave the house 
User 2: what's up
User 1: yo
User 2: sup . hny
User 1: not meeting ?
User 2: check group
User 1: only 18inches for my g s
User 2: fuck me i want sbarro
User 1: the first thing or the second ?
User 2: error four hundred and four wrong jain . bro . lda is twenty-three in kerala hahahafml
User 1: redirect url . but you'll be drinking in the hotel or something only right . where the engagement is . or were you hoping to show up drunk  . you bitches need fake lashes while i'm slaying it . what did you delete . and how drunk are yall . and when are you and jain going to have todays talk 
User 2: noodz . bruh he hasn teven come yet  . not looking forward to that . end of the trip 6th
User 1: oh he was in hyd with muskaan  . oh i thought y'all were there only for one day 
User 2: yeah ut and shreeya had a layover in blore w them . we're here for five nights idk why 
User 1:  . oh man what . wait when are you coming back
User 2: 7th
User 1: coming to see trivedi off on 8th ?
User 2: yup . what times her flight
User 1: you deleted this message . we'll find out
User 2: your boys gonna have some adult convos
User 1: today ? . 0601, 01:06 anushka trivedi: so i'm the kind of person that tries to absorb the most wherever i am . i tend to get lost in it . lool look at this brilliant message
User 2: what was this abt
User 1: post last meet, first argument . and i just slept without telling her  . i mean i did tell her let's talk in the morning . so well . but yeaj
User 2: yo i got marathalli office . we'll meet midway . ask her what time her flight js
User 1: 2:30am 8th jan . i mostly won't be able to go  . when are you going to blore . when are you landing today tel
User 2: at home
User 1: trivedi flies at 2:30 am
User 2: let's go to powai ? . i'll drive
User 1: when
User 2: asap . leave at 12 ?
User 1: what's your scene . for the day tell that
User 2: nothing my aunt's coming home for dinner
User 1: you'll leave at 12 ?
User 2: yeah j can
User 1: are we surprising her
User 2: no i messaged her . you surprise her . i didn't mention you
User 1: yes perfect
User 2: i'm not going to fkn powai to find out she's not there  . keep it pg
User 1: you look the other way
User 2: i'll make u watch jain and i in blore
User 1: i'm ready . 0701, 11:27 jenit jain: when you leaving for the watch thing
User 2: what's this
User 1: nothing she said okay right . for powai
User 2: okay we're meeting her at two at powai . i'll leave from here at 12:30 . you meet me right before eastern expressway ? . at the hp petrol pump ?
User 1: you'll come from bombay central no
User 2: i'll come from metro . carnac bridge
User 1: oh accha cool then alright . leave ? 
User 2: in 5 . just eating . live location shared
User 1: gg . live location shared
User 2: where are you dude .  . naman looking bomb
User 1: that's not naman 
User 2: ha ik that's divij 
User 1: that's not him  . no one knows what's up with him . like if he's still doing engineering
User 2: oh haan you told me some bt happened nom . i forgot some paper he didn't give or something
User 1: bro i bought ten shirts and like five trousers and they tell me today that fucking it's casual dress code . don't know don't care
User 2:  . so rude jenit
User 1: yeah you're not anushka i don't have to be nice and positive in front of you
User 1: we the kc bois . we go hard at humans .
User 2: she landed ?
User 1: yeah she just texted a whole back . she's at the apt getting her sim thing sorted . time for me to get a hobby now that she in the whiteland 
User 2: lmao w the mother .  . white guys aren't v attractive
User 1: no she only met the kids till now  . hey as long as the brown  better i don't got any problem .  . shit man i shouldnt have come yesterday . she would have told you stuff about me and you would have conveyed . but yeah glad i came and stayed after you left 
User 2: bitch i ain't that easy . gg . they cute ? . aw qts . now what . i've heard bumble is better than tinder . but triv over both
User 1: wouldnt even have to break you lol, you would just spill . yeah i think the kids are around our age 
User 2: wanna play cod ?
User 1: the things we did were def not cute . i'll let you known . chal
User 2: come
User 1: did you do ranked df ?
User 2: yas b . again . my wifi fucked up
User 1: do unranked then
User 2: don't be a pussy
User 1: one sec
User 1: you do unranked . chut . i'm elite
User 2: netflix is more forgiving
User 1:  . you do thatt
User 2: watch shooter . it's good . or dynasty
User 1: na . okay . did you see the witcher . i wanna know if everyone is jizzing for the right reasosn
User 2: not yet . what's it about . i normally don't like meme shit
User 1: the witcher geralt, a mutated monster hunter, struggles to find his place in a world in which people often prove more wicked than beasts . main dude is henry cavil so like 
User 2: come online . unranked . that sounds boring as shit . superman 
User 1: just played last game have to go out now . exactlyt . sounds like sex with you
User 2: let's set you up i'm bored
User 1: let's get to the new city where this will be needed . i just set bumble up . idk why 
User 2:  . what's it like
User 1: got a matching . so i'm going to say it's nice . lol
User 2: daamn . send pix
User 1: i'm not texting anyone in mumbai . feels like cheating 
User 2:  .  . how grown up of u jenny . ladies go first ? . i don't get it
User 1: so if no one texts for 24hiurs then automatically gone . this even idk . let's see
User 2: she looks . young tho
User 1: oh bro whoever swipes first has to text i think . like i can't even send a message .  . i love how she guessed it's an ex . you ignored her you say  . 
User 2:  . we were dming . wheres nikita interning
User 1: even anushka didn't know lol . why
User 2: omg lol . wdym why  . she's on the group no
User 1: no one likes her bro .  . she's a bit pyscho . but she's sarthaks girl so oh well
User 2: wtf  . you've become extra salty this vacay ha . your friends dad .  ?
User 1: this is what i've been told dude . i don't even know her  . anushka keeps bitching about her once in a while . so i provoke and make her spill everything . no . first cousins dadi . just got my offer letter . rip living independently
User 2: i thought they're friends . beef ? . send . as in ?
User 1: na she's just a bad bad gf to and for sarthak . 25k lol . it's confidential omg hands off
User 2:  . what time is your flight
User 1: 2:35 . been an hour since i reached . already found a group
User 2: find soum
User 1: bro i found aluminis . who wants juniors ew . 
User 2: pmc ? . hot ?
User 1: ya . doc people . dudes
User 2: omfg .  .  .
User 1: dude they've chilled with pranjal and he just came and said hi . i don't think he recognized me . no lol . one is udupi bok
User 2: yum . lmao it's been a while
User 1: he will . soon . so asked about the roommate i'm going to get . turns out . i know him . he's the dude who liked anushka and got rejected . but still remained friends  . kya hai bhai yeh chutiyapa
User 2: wtf is going on .  . what's his name
User 1: someone likes the new jenit mm . rishab guha mann
User 2: damn yo . what's going on . we need to talk jenit . who he . you haven't even been there two days lmao . don't do anything you'll regret
User 1: this weird ass nibba
User 2: how's anushka taking all this
User 1: oh man stop . didn't talk much today and didn't tell her that we spoke for six hours . like upar se i told her . and then she got busy . i don't think anushka likes me itnnaa
User 2: wheres this coming from 
User 1: going to meet your boi to drink now . like when you said this . like dikshita still likes that first ex only  . we spoke a lot . pretty chill . bro that chut . she's getting paid 40k for a coding job . smh
User 2: harshit ?
User 1: yep
User 2: oh the one she cheated on you w ? . wtf where
User 1: yes . logmein . i think citrix was called that . she's with vasvi 
User 2: ah tte one  only . wtf are you serious . how's that even possible . oh fun . i'd rather slit my wrists than code w them
User 1: bro she said i told them idk anything and they took me . matlab hum chutiye hai jo cse kiye
User 2: wtf  . they came towards the end no
User 1: what endm . huh
User 2: logmein . how's work . how bad is the travel . the fkn airport only is like 50km from my ff21
User 1: no idea .  . when you coming . just take the airport bus . uber and all will rip you off . enough space for bags
User 2: how do you manage to carry everything . i'll need to make another trip only
User 1: i'm making one two weeks later  . so i got like 60ish of clorhes . soumya and j were talking about you and booze  only over breakfastt . yes i'm ready . bro . okay yeah i need a drink .
User 2: su che . wru
User 1: ff . i'll come to mara . too many bars there
User 2: just leaving for dinner
User 1: and that's the student chill hub . with ! ?
User 2: tom ?
User 1: no . we drink tonight
User 2: ut  . i'll die
User 1:  ?
User 2: i'm drunk rn . utkarsh . not all of us have exes here (: . haan he's chill only
User 1: col . where are we going
User 2: 203469, block 2, kaikondrahalli, varthur hobli, sarjapur road, bangalore . hoot . this place . i'm leaving now . eta twenty-five min
User 1: coll . see you soon
User 2:  . wru
User 1: omw . bro . i was supposed to take four hundred bucks from hoot
User 2: are you serious  . wait no . you paid 1k na . one hundred ut owes you . nine hundred per person
User 1: fuck this da . i gave five hundred bucks for auto change 
User 2: what  . how much was the uber
User 1: why do i do this to myseldy
User 2: how much did you pay
User 1: journey back was fine . journey there was a problem  . bro . oh man . yeah they will gpay you this 
User 2: i don't understa d
User 1: you are getting my four hundred bucks basically
User 2: sick i'm keeping . bro schneids is nice actually . they gave us touchscreen laptops . and guess what . three day work weeks  . only for internships
User 1: wait wtf . huhh . when when . wtf what will you do with so much free time
User 2: yeah even i'm lil worried about that . three days mandatory if you wanna come extra you can if your mentor is free . i have to give a test tho
User 1: fuck you . go gym
User 2: accordingly they'll allot our profiles . i might still get whitefield . lots of interns sixty-eight of us
User 1: which days
User 2: 3-4 will get wf
User 1: yeah even i might have later lol . sahil and all have tomorrow . hott
User 2: oh yeah there's a free gym in the tech park
User 1: come here please . man . fuck you
User 2: if i like the work i'll come extra . if it's mgmt or i don't like it i'll do my own stuff on weekends . v far from your office
User 1: noo
User 2: two week orientation rn
User 1: you dont have any hobbies arusha
User 2: gotta apply for masters . you teach my python on weekends . but i don't like this . being paid to work so little and not learning a lot . i'll apply to quantiphi data science
User 1: uf for two thousand and twenty-one fall .  ?
User 2: if i figure what i wanna do
User 1: oh yeah we going to do some mad learning tru .  . hey do you want a referral . 
User 2: exactly i wanna learn . yus in june tho . got your money
User 1: hehehe . wow . i'm surprised bro . deetee dudes would be like nahi hai 
User 2:  . how do i send ?
User 1: lol keep . better with us than them
User 2:  . they're giving you lunch
User 1: no ya . only breakfast . which is normally bad . evening snacks are chill
User 2:  . are you eating at ff
User 1: yeah it's fine ish for now . one month i'll try
User 2: oh shit that's thai . bro jain got so many of these it's disgusting . he carried it to kannur and kept shoving it up my nose while i slept 
User 1: it's the best thing ever . never disrespect . guess who is in dr strange now 
User 2:  . what's this
User 1: tv remote . and that symbol is dr strange ka
User 2: wow they take this stuff pretty seriously 
User 1: okay when do you want that treat ?
User 2: what treat
User 1: that we spoke about yesterday m . bro .  . you're going to die . wru
User 2: ff . got done at 3:30 lmao
User 1: bro . so made a program . shows how the chats are going with a particular person
User 2:  . this is us ?  . what's the peak ? winter ?
User 1: don't know i'll add that  . let's hope it doesn't become a mirror image 
User 2: prolly then before toh we met . aaw jenitt  . oh i thought you and i
User 1: no no i want hearts .  . what you gonna do tonight
User 2: tipsy bull . wanna come ? indiranagar . manipal peeps like ten of us . soum is also coming y'all can come together
User 1: dafuq . yeah i saw her on the road lol . so she left right ?
User 2: arre . yeah she must've left . come anyway ?
User 1: which one but . did you reach
User 2: indiranagar . yeah . just reached
User 1: omw
User 2: get switch na
User 1: okie . leggo somewhere today . ask everyone booze and match ?
User 2: ok . it's maya's bday so some people are going there . i'm down tho idk her that well . oh it's at night . uts in . koks in
User 1:  ?
User 2: shreeya  . four of us can go if no one else is down . divij won't leave his thane house
User 1: arre let's go here only and watch the match ?
User 2: dude it's too far actually . we went yesterday no one's gonna go back there 
User 1:  . accha chalo we'll decide . but first thing in my agenda is to fucking score
User 2: we all spent the night the travel was exhausting 
User 1:  .
User 2: ask divij he scored . idk from where tho
User 1: yeah so when i woke up at six am to talk to anushka, my ff21 "group" was still drinking . so they made me drink and spoke about all the biryani places for thirty minutes . i made a list  . i called one dude up let's see what he says
User 2:  . anyone ik in your group ? . inshallah
User 1: no one i knew
User 2: bruh i wish you were in my ff . non manipal ?
User 1: yes it's so boring not to have the i can come to your room whenever person no  . two doc and then rest were random . i have one mutual with the doc ones but that's it
User 2: yeah dude
User 1: that's how e started talking
User 2: i'm gonna annoy sahil . make him play pool w me or sth . i haven't even unpacked . i've legit been lying in bed for the last two hours on my phone
User 1:  yeah i literally added three cse seniors after playing pool loll . my aim is to at least learn that before leaving . samess . can't wait to get  and probably a hobby
User 2: find this restaurant on zomato  buffalo wild wings, 838a, binnamangala first stage, one hundred feet road, indiranagar, bangalore  gg .  . i'mma start gre prep . next week
User 1: oh fuck yeah even i have to give toefl
User 2: let's go here tonight
User 1: oops forgot about that
User 2: toefl is ez . o gave it hungover and got one hundred and ten or 112 .  . have the brunch . it's good
User 1: it's three da
User 2: not bad . do you have to wash your dishes after ?
User 1: yeah lol . obviously . hm
User 2: looks sick . y'know what will pair well with it ? the bailey's you gonna get me (:
User 1:  . should be a fun afternoon
User 2: y'all are drinking together ?
User 1: yes
User 2: where do you wanna meet . soum might be coming too
User 1: it has bad reviews
User 2: it's new . but it's far . let's meet somewhere closer
User 1: please
User 2: yeah now pick a place
User 1: prost bae
User 2: wheres that
User 1: find this restaurant on zomato  prost brew pub, 21, 11th floor, trifecta adatto, itpb main road, garudachar palya, mahadevapura, whitefield, bangalore  tell tell
User 2: i'm in . but ut and kok need to agree . 9:30 ?
User 1: i'm with anything . in . ask them . cool
User 2: ut soum in . nagpal might come too . shreeya i can't get through
User 1: sounds lit
User 2: can you call shreeya pls . i don't have coverage . and her whatsapp isn't on
User 1: send me her number
User 2: pls convince her . and tell her i'm trynna reach her on whatsapp so turn her fkn wifi on
User 1: she didn't answer mine either
User 2: should we book a table then ? . you me soum ut . so book like 6-7 ? . what a random group of people . oh and reva wanted to drink . the one who got drunk and removed her contacts and said 'fuck these bitches' to the contacts . so 8 ?
User 1: remember that  . yes
User 2: can you book ?
User 1: 9:30 ?
User 2: yeah works
User 1: okay it's not taking reservations . yolo
User 2: it's gonna be packed  . let's try finding sth else . or we can go early and get a table . sahils out btw . he has to study . so rn you me reva soum ut for sure . find this restaurant on zomato  the pallet, 1203, 1231, 1232,  1233, rajapalya, hoodi village, mahadevapura, whitefield, bangalore  they have 11 on sunday . find this restaurant on zomato  gilly's restobar, 6202, 4th floor, doddanekkundi, outer ring road, mahadevpura, opposite emc corporation, marathahalli, bangalore 
User 1: anything is fine . both look good actually shit
User 2: reva and soum are also out .  . chal i'm fine w anything honestly idm travelling thoda . as long as it's safe on the way ba m
User 1: then i'll come to marathalli np . but let's meetgg . aiyo what happened to them
User 2: they thought we're meeting early . not at ten  . okay so you me ut again . let's decide a place that's convenient
User 1: i'll come you decide
User 2: okay ut is out . it's you and i now  . find this restaurant on zomato  biergarten, 2, doddanekkundi, whitefield road, mahadevpura, whitefield, bangalore  pls don't ditch i need to leave this room
User 1: chal . if you want we can drink at kdh and have a cute movie type scene to
User 2: dude i need to get out of this pg i'mma die . what's your scene for dinner
User 1: do you just wanna meet during the week  . nothing really
User 2: i'll kill you . pls let's meet . 9:30 ?
User 1: cool . chal tell where
User 2: thinking . this ? 
User 1: cool
User 2: sort . text when you leave
User 1: you reach by nine hundred and thirty
User 2: this is v close to my place i'll reach only
User 1: even i'll reach in10 lol
User 2: is it safe to walk at night
User 1: going to say a no to that
User 2: arre . wanna meet here then ? . don't think i'll get a cab for 800m ?
User 1: this much is fine  . walk it . i'll walk you back
User 2: ha then peace . i left . come fast . find this restaurant on zomato  gilly's restobar, 43, 1st floor, kundanahalli gate, itpl main road, brookefield, bangalore 
User 1: omw ha . left
User 2: wanna make a cute 800m detour and pick me up
User 1: no
User 2: bitch  . what's your eta
User 1: 17 . leave ha
User 2: ha left . five thousand, seven hundred and eighty-six
User 1: backk
User 2: yeah i got the ola notif 
User 1: oh right . the thing is that she told me she gets distant and shit when she's away and even though that's fair and well expected because she told me it's just a  move not to even text once when i'm making effort and giving up sleep
User 2: she told you it's a  move ? . bruhh jenit . that's not even triple texting
User 1: i'm saying it why will she have a problem ignoring  . the top things were when she was awake . and then i got drunk so i texted . and then i got mad so i said gn . yeah drunk me gets easy with the texting 
User 2: man . just talk to her about it . this is honestly not healthy she's got 2 .5 months more in france . just tell her about this . and if it's weird then we'll take it from there
User 1: no man . it's not my position to ask for attention kinda thing . i'll just give her the same importance i'm getting . which i never do
User 2: so you're gonna keep ignoring the is everything okay question
User 1: man she is open to do anything she wants because clearly i was warned before hand so if i get hurt that shit is on me . so hey even i'm going to go for the healthy life and sleep by the time she gets home :)
User 2: don't do that that's so dumb . talk . to . her . see what she says about all of this and then we'll see . if it's not working out these 2-3 months then drop it chill, sleep properly, go out on a few dates if you want if you don't then f it we'll get drunk and watch cricketfootball matches and see when she comes back
User 1: i'm not going to be the irritating clingy pooper who is seven thousand, eight hundred km away
User 2: okay then drop it as long as you're fine w it
User 1: clearly there is only like and infatuation and nothing concrete . you think  . but nothing can be done about it
User 2: y'all decided on this . chal every time this bothers you we drink till it stops 
User 1: yeah well because it makes sense but it's just not fair . and she kept insisting i say whatsup . but then i think she got pissed off and isn't replying now  . so we drinking today ?
User 2: done w work ? . how fast can you get to kormangala
User 1: lol no today i'll get done at eight and then after that practice for quantiphi bash league  . cricket i'm going to play with these guys
User 1: when will you meet tirthankar
User 2: tomato work . tom at
User 1: nicr tell him to get my  . 2001, 18:25 jenit jain: dikshita tried to cut it yesterday lol she did her best but yeah i ded . she stab me i stab her .  . meet me today if you get my stash
User 2: cut it ? . these messages are so passive lmao . he's closet to you . closer . colive drava
User 1: my fucked up nail . exactly ik she doesn't like to react when i use her name 
User 2: ew . are you going
User 1: yeah i might as wel
User 2: tmi bro i don't wanna know what you're doing with your ex . what time
User 1: probably after 8 . arghh . will be too late
User 2: okay call him before going tho ha . he said he'll mostly be at home only
User 1: he knows its for me right
User 2: yeah  . it's good stuff apparently . mango . titty is home
User 1: 2101, 21:33 anushka trivedi: ya okay . yes how to reply to this lol kill me hehe
User 2: where did this come from . what did you say
User 1: anushka trust me distance is not anproblem for me . like sharing wise . if i want to share something i will do it even when you're in office or wherever because i know you care . sometimes all i need is for you to talk or someone to talk . to me . and that's why i fucking wait for your daily adventure stories . and if you don't give me that when i need it you know i'm not going to be normal after that . dedd .
User 2: i thought you weren't gonna say anything . you sent all of that ?
User 1: yeah she doesn't know it's this . she said something along these lines so i just sent this one message as a reply
User 2: what
User 1: but yeah nothing else i said regarding rhis
User 2: i don't get it . what did you say what did she say ?
User 1: no basically i haven't told her what you said i should to talk to her about . and since i wasn't sharing and spl . she said this . and i don't know what to reply
User 2: oh you're not talking properly to her ? . bro why :
User 1: not i basically decreased the over texting and all that you saw and then slept early and all
User 2: this sounds like you went one hundred to zero 
User 1: how should i reply
User 2: you haven't replied yet ?
User 1: i don't know what to reply honestly
User 2: then have a normal convo . ask her about her day or wtv y'all talk about
User 1: arre the reason i said this is because she said she can't talk about her chilling when she knows something is bothering men . so clearly i can't have a normal convo with her
User 2: wait did you or did you not tell her this . i'm still so confused
User 1: basically she doesn't know why i was cribbing to you that day . but k told her it happens with every girl i'm with and that's why i wanna change it myself . but what she took from this was that oh it's about me so you tell me otherwise fo
User 2: oh you told her about that . what exactly did you tell her ? . also did jain contact you
User 1: no da . whatever i forwarded . nope
User 2: arre dude . his company fucked him over . any ba openings in yours ? . can you ask someone ? . this you call me after work and properly explain i'm damn confused
User 1:  . no da and the training phase has also begun so i doubt they'll take . lol cool
User 1: i got busy then  and then slept . imy anushka and i swear i'll clear everything out . imy . ily . send pics from tonight wherever you go . and i sorry again . goodnight cutiepie . goodnightt . take care . look at these dry messages
User 2: hahahahhaha . you call her cutie pie ?  . you sent this ?
User 1: oh oh oh we gotta meet ! . well she is . yes . stop laughing
User 2: tonight kormangala side ? . he's got an interview lol . properly show me the chat . then i can give advice . i'm still not completely understanding
User 1: i have cricket practice at nine  . fuck it i'll just tell her the thing . yolo
User 2: wtf cricket are you playing
User 1: quantiphi cricket bash league . office is paying for the place so eh
User 2: when will you get done
User 1: not meeting today . after ten i'll be too tiredn
User 2:  . what scene tonight
User 1: fly to mumbai
User 2: oh ha i forgot . what time is your flight
User 1: at the gate rn
User 2: talk to her . sort it out, it's not worth fighting over trust me
User 1: yeah we spoke till four hundred and thirty yesterday . am . the conclusion basically was that i have to just lower my expectations :) . like literally this only  . she was just trying to say like she actually doesn't text much and how when she shared that oh sorry for not texting with sidhant he was like yeah i understand . bc that dude understands everything or keeps saying this, it's pissing off . anushka gets too serious about changes like moving to paris have to take the city in completely and all . yeah that's fine but sometimes just be a normal person living in a city and chill out . "nahi i have to be alone and get to know myself more and bs" . theek hai matlab at least the fight is done .
User 2: so what . are y'all fine ? . don't overthink this too much, this is new for both you guys
User 1: from her end yes, from my end we'll find out soon like as things fall into place
User 2: as in ? what's not okay ?
User 1: you see how you're associating us ? idk she associates ecen this much . so she's selfish this way . forgets the people she's leaving back
User 2: jenit don't overthink this so much . did you tell her everything . you need to be talking to her about this if you feel this way . no point just keeping it to yourself
User 1: i spoke about jt . she herself said that she can't date because she's selfish . and i'm the person who was with ten manipal people but when she calls, i answered because ik people want to talk to her and the other way round
User 2: what do you want to do
User 1: lower my expectations :) . probably put my  in some local vagina
User 2: don't do anything you'll regret . how's your grandfather
User 1: just got back from the hospital . he was sleeping . but he had had solid food today so that's a start
User 2: how did the surgery go
User 1: good only
User 2: that's great 
User 1: the task for him for today is to at least sit . that's me on a sunday lol
User 2: minus the bong . oh guess what . i baked last night
User 1: oh man . how was itt
User 2: when are you back . can i send some stuff with you :3
User 1: tomorrow night . like what all
User 2: one book and one perfume
User 1: spent my morning talking to her about how she's alone in the city of love and then she ends it with yes i'm already getting matches on bumble date :))) . coolsy how to pick up
User 2: arre . dude properly talk to her or you also try and get out there . would you be going to that side
User 1: i have nothing to do today . i have to get the fuck out of there . fuck bro i've never been in this middle thing ever and it's so bad . what's your building's name
User 2: tahnee heights
User 1: did you join a gym
User 2: she's already lost among a sea of whites what will you tell her  . tch tch
User 1: yeah fuck her man . she was drunk and she was complaining . that she needs love in that city and simultaneously started swiping while texting me . and these are, like always, the first messages of the day . chutiya nahi behta hu bc . bitch you said one book send perfume . didn't know it was a bs grewal and where did the jackets come from
User 2:  . i'll get you a beer . reached blore
User 1: omw . wanna meet up with cse d people ? on the weekend . vishwa is in . sidhant we'll ask . you ask nagpal and whoever
User 2: ha cool . message . whaddup
User 1: why are you always sleeping
User 2: wyd tonight
User 1: it's friday night
User 2: taking my pre drinking nap
User 1: yeah exactly tell me what i'm doing . 
User 2: wanna go to laughing llama ? . i don't really know that many people going this time . you me jain nattu vinzy divij arushi amrit mallu ik . reva might come but she'll prob can . rest are few block guys idk . you in ?
User 1: time batao yaar aise sawal mat puchi
User 2: lots of them are going before eight cuz happy hour till then . nattu has a meeting till 7:30 and jain's got one till 8:30 . idk when they wanna leave . idm going late we'll beat most of the traffic also and we can stay there till late
User 1: this
User 2: ha then come w us at 8:30
User 1: where
User 2: laughing llama . where do we meet
User 1: oh fuck that's far far . indian oil - amar service station . i'll come there . it's in the default path of your wau
User 2: you'll meet us here ?
User 1: yes
User 2: how long will it take you to reach . listen . we'll be late ha . his interview hasn't started . should we meet you at ll straight or here
User 1: what time will you reach by
User 2: idk it still hasn't started  . by ten hopefully
User 1: um wtf . okay yeah lol even i'll reach late . who all are there already
User 2: sure ? . everyone except jain and i . nattu and vinzy left about fifteen minutes ago
User 1: um i still don't know anyone there then
User 2: divij amrit nattu vinzy
User 1: ya ya i'll leave in a bit
User 2: okay . did you leave ?
User 1: changing bas
User 2: okay lmk when you get an auto or wtv . wru
User 1: bro i can't find a single ride . okay now it's six minutes away . fuck this was bad
User 2: wtf
User 1: i've been ready since hours
User 2: lmaoo
User 1: bro my driver cancelled
User 2: ut is coming . you left ? . wya send your loc .  . even vinzy and nattu got some traffic . wru . omfg
User 1: i just got an auto for two hundred and eighty bucks wooho . i miss cute mumbai
User 1: you know how much old monk you can buy
User 2: you're coming ? . find some place near
User 1: yes . marathalli . you tell me fast where . il choke you bitch if i don't drink tonight
User 2: where exactly are you . antigravity ?
User 1: i'm coming to marathalli . period . 17mins . reached ?
User 2: yeah . come up
User 1: so this travel costed me four hundred and eighty bucks . you're buying me a beet . beer
User 2: wru . ask jain he got placed . there is this guy who gives near prestige shantiniketan . two thousand, eight hundred ka 100gm . ask him if he'll give less . tell this rate first or he'll overcharge for less . 91 eighty thousand, nine hundred and fifty-six 64384 . you can try whichever works . this one is usually super spiked but at times he has green stuff . dk about this one . this guys also decent stuff
User 1: that was fun have funn
User 2:  .  came through ha
User 1: yols
User 2: wyd today
User 1: no plans lol
User 2: let's do sth . wanna cook dinner . we can make pizzas like how we did that day at tons . tibs . come over and get soum also
User 1: you ask her . if she says yes i'll get her
User 2: she's going to pmc to go shoe shopping
User 2: she's coming . now . get her . y'all coming ?
User 1: yes we'll leave in a bit
User 2: scene . wanna stone ? . these guys are  at grexter rigel . nattu divij jain . wanna go there ?
User 1: you make me travel so much
User 2: ask soum . message me . signal isn't good
User 1: soumya is saying let's go to kdh and then you can go to grexter with her later . but i wanna go to one place only
User 2: y'all come to kdh we'll decide . she's going to meet arushi after . if you wanna bake we can go to grexter at 7 . otherwise we'll chill at kdh
User 1: okay we are coming to kdh onku
User 2: ha come . call me somehow  . wanna come for lunch ? . meet the fam . ut kok tanishqa coming . nattu might join later
User 1: now ?
User 2: i'll leave in 10 . truffles @ kormangala
User 1: i just got back from cricket
User 2: haan so perfect
User 1: i'm too tired man . and got more bt . but i think the bt is over . i don't think we'll talk much now
User 2: what happened now . come no and get soum also
User 1: nothing . neither of us is coming to kormangala
User 2:  . then ?
User 1: that same days bt . she didn't reply yesterday and today while i was going for the match she was getting back home drunk and just said i'm not getting any answers . and she's doesn't wanna reply to the twenty-six million, three hundred and sixty-two thousand, seven hundred and eighty-one messages i sent her so i just blocked her lel . still in mg ? . bro also send the breakup from that ff night . lost the chats from that phone :p
User 2:  .  .  . tanishqa has to tez one hundred and twenty-five
User 1: and  ka ?
User 2: 5004 . one hundred and twenty-five me
User 1: ut gave 265 . so he's done no
User 2: yeah . i tezd this
User 1: when did you send it ?
User 2: oh wait i didn't . you have paytm ? . my tez is not working . mines one hundred and forty-five
User 1: it's fine just put it on split . more people owe me the better for them dark days  . accha what scene today
User 2:  . idk might chill w fam in the afternoon . yo . wanna meet my fam in the eve
User 1: where and who all da
User 2: sister, two cousins, soum, shreeya, jain . maybe ut
User 1: lol . in . but i need insurance for today . meeting you is normally expensive for me or my company
User 2: samias dying to meet him 
User 1: everyone is too excited to see rush settling down
User 2: jain's gonna get so awkward j can't wait hahahahaha
User 1: oh i'm going to notice this
User 2: i'll make sure you have signal the entire time
User 1: let's make it weird . wooho . thanks man . uff
User 2: wanna go to sherlock's ?
User 1: but cool, where . zomato good hai na
User 2: haan ji . 22 . it's at brookfield perf for us . soum is in
User 1: cool i'll come with her . no arghh please don't do this . crossfading messes me up
User 2: let's go to flechazo . check it out
User 1: yeah looks great
User 2: find this restaurant on zomato  the boozy griffin, 207, 4th  5th floor, swamy legato, outer ring road, marathahalli, bangalore  we're leaving now . y'all are fine ?
User 1: yes yes
User 2: what happened
User 1:  ?
User 2: how did jain get so drunk lol
User 1: you saw the number of pitchers right . and he was under so much firing yesterday . dude ut actually came to pmc and died more there it was too good 
User 2: wtf  . y'all  ? . tezd for me and tanishqa
User 1: oh yeah too many . other random people joined in and then mrigakshi came with her dude . how exactly did jain get back tho . bro did you also pay 1 .9k ? !
User 2: yeah dude wtf . oh you didn't drop him ? . who's she dating now lmao
User 1: okay yeah i dont remember the cab ride at all . i just remember crushing and seeing ut roll when he was dying lol . did he leave with me ? ahahha . her exs best friend big uff
User 2: shubham or raj ? . he lives in the other direction 
User 1: raj . yeah i'm glad everyone made it that's all . thanks for the baileys . really did earn that . okay yeah that was a good dawat kinda night
User 2: ahh my friend w the munchie . manipal guy ? . he stays in ff ? give goss
User 1: not everyone has a story like me dik and pranjal . yes do you knoow him . how do you know so much about her lol
User 2: there's gonna be a three part film on this . who, raj ?
User 1: yeah i need that since im earning peanuts rn anyway . yes
User 2: not exactly . seen him around . that's about it . lmao everyone is crying about this
User 1: yet every fucking one was ordering pitchers and shit yesterday lol wtf was that about
User 2: i haven't received my first month salary yet 
User 1:  . didn't you run outta money two weeks ago 
User 2: then i came back from bombay  . then this weekend happened (:
User 1: this was fun
User 2:  . who's staying there . visit ?
User 1: vidit and arav
User 2: vidit . in a three bhk ? . jenith
User 1: yes . yeah i don't even care if they get evicted lol
User 2: how long is your lease for
User 1: may or june
User 2: how much did you lose at work today
User 1: manager asked me in a very scared tone if i'm ready to use the service again . kya confidence mai ha bola . let's hope i don't pull a jenit again
User 2:  . aws ?
User 1: yeah this service called aws personalize . like the main one i'm using among the normal ones
User 2: i used ec2 . free tier . for my chindi xampp app 
User 1: i love that we are making intellectual jokes
User 2: lmao y'know the bill has gone for re-evaluation right  . i hate that i get this reference
User 1: i played cricket with the dude whose the head of aws practice . there were only three pitchers right . how many did we order
User 2: there were five  . three we got 50 off on . j drank from two of those . and one no disc . arre we ordered lot of food also
User 1: feel like 1 .9k is fine now
User 2: some of us haven't gotten paid yet
User 1: you said mid month na
User 2: yeah that's what i thought too
User 1: f . wanna do tp at work today ?
User 2: always
User 1: cool i'm sending you my code . make a graph for you and jain 
User 2:  . no . sup . there's some huge fkn manipal scene happening this weekend
User 1: already in . bro . my third grade crush works with vishwa . and guess who has become hot now  . must try arghh
User 2: what  . send pics . bro do you know anything about apis
User 1: si
User 2: teach me everything please . also . what's the best platform to import data thru api for python
User 1: im dying in my shit . easiest is flask . by platform you mean framework right ?
User 2: call me after work pls
User 1: just text now lol i'll reply
User 2: this is some heavy ml shit going on . j dont understand . i thought this was non tech . they fucked my balls rn
User 1: samesies 
User 2: these two guys were making me write algorithms . who tf remembers djikstras and linked lists and all
User 1: you're getting action from multiple sources noice .  . why all that bs ?
User 2: i started learning python day before i'm not gonna remember shit . even idk . basically they're making an image recognition app . using ml . ideally unsupervised regression model . for now i need to learn python properly and basics of ml . and they want me to understand apis rest and soap
User 1: ha then learn flask to understand the rest apis part . its actually damn easy . but like learn python first
User 2: but flask is for web apps ?
User 1: oh right you want to make it on a phone . yeah i have no idea about anything phone related
User 2:  . how do i go about this
User 1: i'll actually call after work and try to understand what you exactly have to do lol
User 2: yeah please ly . 25g mysore, does home delivery keep for future . this is the number, his name is imitiaz . he has his rounds  . he comes in black santro with disco lights  . 1 .2k . this is legit the dream . do yknow where i can get a bong from nearby
User 1: yum . that's some hip mumbai dharavi shit . amazon it lol . maybe some hookah stores ? . the main guysbar here and we are grilling them  . are . what's poa today
User 2: sup my boy . at with rn . try getting done early . everyone's trynna leave early . my boy muski is coming  . long distance is tough 
User 1: but what's the plan . is some place decided or what . wouldn't related especially since cutting paris people off
User 2: not yet . i'll hit you up after work
User 1: okay
User 2: wru . i'm heading to ff rn . then i'll go to journey hostels
User 1: still at work . will be here for a while . i'm working stop turning me out
User 1: you're there only no ? . i'll leave in a bit . just got back . full night party no
User 2: yup come fast
User 1: left
User 2: wyd
User 1: going to bounce soon . have to clean up  . but yeah, drinking
User 2: coming back no ?
User 1: when the fuck did we have a burger . such bad pictures you suck
User 2: wyd
User 1: you deleted this message
User 2: listen can you tez me . check split . not bad meghana is better tho
User 1: my account is blocked no
User 2: oh fuck right 
User 1: just remembered that i had removed the card before coming because i knew some shit would happen so i didnt lose anything except the wallet . all cards i have . and blocked my account for no reason
User 2:  . gg . v happy for you
User 1: you're that fucked ha ? . what even . scene
User 2: want lunch at third wave w muski deep and kok . we're mostly chilling at grexter only . how long will it take you
User 1: oh dude i ordered . make sure to get the hummus and pita . rigel no ?
User 2: yup . the guys are all there
User 1: around an hour . when will you all reach
User 2: we're here  . it's opp rigel
User 1: oh . okay chal i'll come
User 2: come . message jain i think they're either  or playing tt
User 1: where are you da . where are half the guys
User 2: just reached
User 1: are y'all on the 4th floor
User 2: wru . i'll come
User 1: ut also came . we are going up somewhere
User 2: wru
User 1: parths room . jains room lol
User 2: coming
User 1: there's no water in our entire ff 
User 2: wtf  . what's going on at pmc bro
User 1: send me both hridays' numbers
User 2: wanna smoke strain this weekend ? . ut jain divij and i . i'll ask kok but she doesn't really smoke up
User 1: okay who is kok . but yeah no . vidit and i will be doing gay shit in indiranagar
User 2: dude . why does no one know this . oh i told you no . this senior in schneider was telling me about vidit . we were talking about people dropping outshifting colleges in mahe . he's friends w him . shushrit or sth
User 1: oh you didn't . but yeah who tho
User 2: don't say stupid shit . do you know where we can get strains from
User 1: oh lol . ask vishwa . i'll ask one senior
User 2:  . is it weird if i ask him ?  . we've never really propelry spoken just a bit here and there
User 1: you already texted him and he just scored hydro so yes please
User 2:  . that guy is out
User 1: i'll ask senior
User 2: bro
User 1: bro . we have to . fuck vidit
User 2: hahahhahaha . actually let's meet her . it'll be fucking fun
User 1: she's here till sunday
User 2: how do you know ? . you messaged her ?
User 1: no she's still close to one of my close friends from kc  . oh bro . i'll die
User 2: who
User 1: mayur
User 2: bro i'm getting  and coming for this . get dik too no . we'll have a cute lil lunch
User 1: bro i'm in if you set it up
User 2: parv beat you to it
User 1: stop being a bitch . so i'm tipsy . didn't text her no . let's meet during the day . what plans
User 2: lunch ?
User 1: going with vidit . bro my company sent jan's half stipend again  . they sent all the interns fifteen k extra  . love it when other people fuck up in the company
User 2: hahahahhahaha .  . so now what . y'all keep it ?
User 1: yes and mostly they'll decrease it next month . but one senior said they haven't noticed it
User 2: how have they not realised
User 1: maybe god is like bangalore shall be smoother now
User 2: how many interns are there . 
User 1: 250m evaluation vs rs 15k
User 2: how many interns tho
User 1: four of us hehe . but yeah they'll cut it from next months :'(
User 2: then that's bad . you'll end up spending more this mo . and you'll not have enough to spend on  next mo
User 1: then my muslim friend will be nice and make me smoke some free hydro so i'm good . bro vishwa was saying to meet this week . and stone some
User 2: oh fuck meet him . lmk how it is . where is he saying
User 1: his work is at bagmane
User 2: what . isn't he in samsung
User 1: it's there only
User 2: oh that's v close to you . sort na
User 1: you're meet me with him lol
User 2: today ? . what happened to that cse d plan 
User 1: during the next week man . no one likes the other that much hence . guess whose going to have some rabbit and quail and some other weird things
User 2: where tf are you getting that in bangalore 
User 1: absolute barbeque . it's in marathalli too . okay so f bangalore traffic the place shut the service . but we are going there
User 1: magnolia bakery
User 2: fuck bro i'm high . now i wanna eat
User 1: i'm dying too . fuck
User 2: fuck you
User 1: what our crossfaded asses do here
User 2: i wanted to yulu everyone was too scared
User 1: why . we rode for atleast 2 .5 hours today  . welcome to the bangalore life . yeah like this more than mumbai . really want you to hate me . red snappe
User 2: fu . where is this . let's bake more and go to glens bakehouse
User 1: won't happen
User 2: wyd
User 1: 
User 2: booked a table for five at 9 . you me kok jain ut
User 2: i'm not fkn opening that virus looking yhing
User 1: you will want to . work related . lol
User 2: i don't even have three yrs experience in cs 
User 1:  . try anyway
User 2: sup jenny . how to learn . ideally youtubevid tutorials . ive seen three blue one brown so pls no . convolutional
User 1: do the andrew ng course . or stanford uni videos on youtube . three blue one brown ?
User 2: they got some lil youtube playlist
User 1: fuck that . do either of those two only . stanford is thoda higher level . coursera is to good
User 2: that's deeplearning .ai no ? . stanford one is twelve weeks . i'm starting this . but i need to learn cnn a little faster :p
User 1:  . which framework will you be working with
User 2: framework ?
User 1: library . inside python . for cnn . tensorfloe ?
User 2: yeah . opencv . numpy . pandas . i'm assuming . tf we'll need for image processing . i was doing some sendex tutorial using tf and opencv
User 1: ae nice nice . he's damn nice and hebtalks at normal pace in 2x 
User 2: yeah i figured that  . when are you leaving
User 1: tomorrow night . revati was telling me that oh i've been telling arusha and all to come this weekend you also come . nice surprise gg
User 2:  . when are you back . we haven't seshedyou haven't fucked up in a while . last weekend also he was gonna ask you to stay over but then vidit came lmao . oh i told you ja . i changed my bus . leaving tonight . can't wait to meet my mamba . she got charged didn't use it . your area of expertise 
User 1: 1300 short but okay . sunday night only . you're a nice person and all but it gets too unlucky for me so no thanks  . oh man kiss her from me too
User 2:  . done  . wish you were coming man . tib is also there . not that we planned to meet even once in blr
User 1: how is that a good thing for me . that dude irritates me when it comes to anushka . but a nice guy  . exactly lillo . mamba
User 2: guess who's here w us at fot
User 1: say hi to her . she stopped talking tk me again  . everyone in kdh . g
User 2: oh sick . did you go  . how would they do this lmao
User 1: was in mumbai no . i'm done
User 2: we went to forum and all
User 1: where you at now
User 2: kora . leaving in a bit
User 1: why the fuck
User 2: krushn and all came no . went for laser tag it's sick
User 1: oh fuck yall did all this . man even i want mondays off . do you have an off tomorrow as well 
User 2: no . i bunked today  . not got holi off . sup . let's meet this weekend imy
User 1: stargazing thing ?
User 2: oh idm . how to book tickets
User 1: app
User 2: it's not there
User 1: do you know soumya and other manipal people's scene ?
User 2: i'm trynna convince my ff people . sahil  gs . jenit . how's quantiphi honestly . if i want to start a career in data science . like i'm doing a lot of learning rn and by the end of this i should have some basic knowledge of ml . i mean enough to present to musica . but idk how much scope there is here . when do you get done today ? wanna come to ff and bake and eat chaat
User 1: yeah schneider is not known for it . and rn i'm not doing ml work exactly but the seniors working in that field are too knowledgeable . and quantiphi has a very question asking environment . like these people are to fucking helpful and i've learned too much in the past month by just approaching people . i'll be able to explain better when j get related work but yeah no complains till now . so i'm back already . i told my hr i went to mumbai over the weekend and she was like ohh, okay go home and do wfh for the next ten days . oh it won an oscar . in
User 2: you're at pmc ? . wanna come over ? . we'll talk properly
User 1: yes . i'll actually work for sometime . kinda have to finish this thing today . but yeah let's chill later tonight
User 2: book m9 no . we booked m10-13 . ha cool lmk when you're done . i'll leavebin thirty
User 1: booked the ticket . also
User 2: which seat
User 1: next to yall only
User 2: lmao i was fkn w you we didn't book 
User 1: will go to score in a bit . i didn't stone yesterday and kinda losing it .  .
User 2: jk . come meet me . we'll play pool
User 1: do you have 
User 2: no :'( . we took everything to manipal and smoked it there
User 1: yeah it's fucking sold there like gold . arre then i'll go score today . we'll meet for the movie
User 2: haan okay . sarthak is in blr ?
User 1: yes
User 2: what happened to singapore
User 1: singapore is fucked so he didn't get a visa . he's doing that remotely . and one internship here too 
User 2: wtf i had no clue . omfg jenit . did you spend your whole stipend 
User 1: got some  from when i went home . this is good investment for the near future
User 2: when do you get done w work
User 1: bc i haven't started only . i'm startomg now
User 2: lmao what . what time will you leave then
User 1: wfh ten day na
User 2: oh what . since when . also this
User 1: i'll reach the theatre directly . today for ten days .  .
User 2: hence all the  . wanna smoke up after ?
User 1: lol cool
User 2: what time will you leave
User 1: idk
User 2: i'm not getting a cab nothing lol . wru
User 1: twenty mins away
User 2: has it started
User 1: just started
User 2: reaching in 5 . ut reached . record it . can it no . let's do drunch on sun . byg brewski
User 1:  ?
User 2: come to ff . today . jain's staying over we'll chill play pool or sth . don't feel like going out feeling v tired . can you cook for us ? . lasagna . w garlic bread . and bruschettas
User 1: true . what kind of cooking do you think i do  . but yeah sounds chill . i'll come a bit kate after gym but yeah let's chill in only . what's up . done with work
User 2: come to ff we'll figure
User 1: omw
User 2: you left ? . i'll be there in thirty
User 1: are you in grexter
User 2: yeah
User 1: back home
User 2: wanna come to grex at 2:30 ?
User 1: i'll come later chakb
User 2: okay but come jaldi i'm going out for dinner
User 1: oh then no
User 2: i'll leavebat like 8:30-9 . these guys are there
User 1: accha let's see
User 2: jain nattu and all
User 1: it's like god hand picks people with some intense issues for me and expects me to make the best of it
User 2:  . who is this ? . tinder or friend ?
User 1: tinder but mumbai . 
User 2: sup
User 1: hi
User 2: bro . what the fuck . is going on . why is one group blowing up about anushka being stranded in the airport . and another group blowing up about my halli not having water ? ?
User 1: yeah i was busy just working . oh yeah we can't give laundry for a week either 
User 2: dude pmc can't give laundry . kdh can't flush their shit 
User 1: ew . fucks . atleast i get to chill in dikshitas room alone . single fucking room love it
User 2: she's gone to cal ?
User 1: yep . three weeks wfh
User 2: oh mofo that's long . adobe gor one mon . but dude i'll go mad if it gets extended i'm already tired . how's yours going . has jain invited you over for a sleepover yet ? 
User 1: whens this happening  . eh i don't like it because i don't work only then fucjing hekl
User 2: go annoy each other
User 2: wtf . you're actually good dude wtf .  . so there's no one at your pmc now ?
User 1: yeah a lotta people are leaving . soumya also fucking left
User 2: yeah she went to delhi
User 1: sarthak came  . okay y'all need to come to my area more often . wanna wfh at my ff yours ?
User 2: um jenit . my ff had a massive upgrade
User 1: what the actual fuck . you're not shifting right ? . fuck
User 2: dude i'm at home  . i'm in bombay
User 1: what . when you did you keave
User 2: yesterday afternoon  . i sent you a mail . snap . got one week wfh . as of now
User 1: oh man . even i have but can't inter city travel
User 2: schneider can eat my cock . if we go into lock down i'm doing it w s brownies . not at that fkn waterless halli
User 1: her business might be booming like never beforeb
User 2: dhruv and i are going tom . she's not sick no ?
User 1: call
User 2: whom ? you or  ?
User 1:  and ask xd . sending all these happy pics to anushka while she's quarintied is my assuring i will not get laid in two thousand and twenty
User 2: cute . 
User 1: she replied . fuck i'm sure bad
User 2: what did she say .
User 1: the lmao ty
User 2: gg . what's her scene now
User 1: fuck if i care
User 2: saltay
User 1: cannot handle uppity bitches
User 2: why are you sucking tripuranas cock
User 1: if i ever shift to malad quantiphi he'll be my manager . bro this wfh isn't working for me . i just woke up from a  coma
User 2: dude i've been binge watching elite 
User 1: narcos 
User 2: smoked up today after long . missed u . any chance of you coming home . we'll go drinking in powai lmao
User 1: even mrigakshi fucking left . my roomie is leaving tomorrow . i'm just waiting for my office to extend wfh
User 2: where's guha working . roomie lol
User 1: oyo . not for long no . have to show love . bc if the coronavirus settles, pranjal will still steal me away
User 1: and not powai . let her make the plan after her quarantine . french bitches have equal rights here in indiab . bro police came to our terrace because we were making noise
User 2: wtf . were y'all baking ? . what tf is going on 
User 1: thankfully only booze . they took one of the employees to the police station because there was no senior staff to stop it  . and they entered also without a warrant
User 2: hahahahahah  . bro the grexter nepali caretaker has also been to the police station . but on what grounds lmao
User 1: everyone's nepali here too lol . no one knows . i think the drunkest people went to the police station to talk so yeah . i wanna fucking leave this place
User 2: what's your company's scene . how long is your wfh . isn't this wfh because you went to bom ?
User 1: yeah initially . then everyone got
User 2: pride of pmc 
User 1: and tthen it might get extended .
User 2: till ?
User 1: so today everyone gets on the call and the main dude says shit . today last . so they'll extend todsy . and then i'll come back running to the 
User 2: same . sick we gotta eat those together this time  . it'll 99 get extended . man . but i want this to end . are you actually isolating or what
User 1: yeah but till when . are you keeping ff ? . bro kya sapne lekar aya tha 2020 . yesterday i went out after six days so eh . but like yeah probably should my lungs aren't in the best shape
User 2: three months i have to . 4tg month i'm thinking
User 1: oh i mean same
User 2: yeah same like unintentionally lmao . i mean if this wasn't going on i would've gone to divij's like three times at least by now
User 1: no i made it intentionally
User 2: butbeven i don't feel like leaving
User 1: i walked like 4km instead of yuluing
User 2: it's the jenit of all years  . why ? ?
User 1: yeah it's so fucking disgusting outside
User 2: yulus bro . i miss them . wyd ? staying ?
User 1: oh bro so many people will get this line
User 2: dude parth lgot transferred temp to bombay on 282 . he's coming back on 313 mostly
User 1: it's too close for me to not stay tbh
User 2: and he paid grex for march
User 1:  . i paid for pragati
User 2: but our area is prob empty no . did you manage to lease it out ? . you mean for internship yeah ? . what are you thinking of for full time
User 1: maybr . one month left lol no one wants it
User 2: even wf no ?
User 1: yes . yols still haven't thought about . should probably start deciding shit
User 2: so much time rn if you're applying apply now . this is the best time everyone's online . worst time because no one wants us
User 1: ielts toefl fucking college or are we fucked fucked
User 2: ielts is canada . bro at this rate two thousand and twenty admissions might get deferred
User 1: oh hoye kardi sachi baat
User 2: that means two thousand and twenty-one intake will be shit
User 1:  . oh fuck
User 2: that means we're fkd
User 2: i def want to apply for two thousand and twenty-one
User 1: same 
User 2: that's why i'm thinking of staying in se . rn i like my project but my next project could be more salesforce related
User 1: dude dikshita toh got masters admissions also and she might not be able to go 
User 2: where did she get
User 1: university of sydney
User 2: might not be able to bec of corona or sth else ? . it's good ?
User 1: corona
User 2: what course ? . broo nethraa wtf
User 1: fuck yes for her biomed . where
User 2: you don't follow her ?
User 1: i saw sriyas story
User 2: this is my fave . so passive agressive . im so proud but i hate you but i love u but i wanna kill myself . insane bro . idk how ucd is but full ride  phd . and berkeley six people omfg ?m . even sohan got berkeley
User 1: i can't even process it
User 2: and upenn omg
User 1: fuck all this i'm sleeping
User 2:  . we got some good stuff yest . damn cheap also two hundred bucks at least four js worth
User 1: it's fucking thundering lighting and raining dogs here wtff
User 2:  . what is bangalore bro
User 1: bro my flight to mumbai got cancelled . i'm stuck
User 2: wtf are you serious . why . because of lockdown ? . alternate flight ? . managed to change your flight ?n . pls come here i'm dying
User 1: yeah let's hope i get back somehow
User 2: bro wtf . what's the last couple of things
User 1: meth and acid
User 2: omfg wtf . pls jenit tc . when is your flight now
User 1: no man i'm nit doingb . three tomorrow . olt ?
User 2: olt ?
User 1: one last time leaving bangalore and not coming because everyone dies from the pandemic
User 2: omg i forgot olt already . but . sex . quarantined sex
User 1: i don't touch people from france . corona . last day she hooked up with this dude . i'm sure she has it
User 2: go corona corona go . wait what
User 1: idm a dead ex . it could have been mihika but french will do
User 2: so y'all hardly spoke towards the end . but this y'all spoke about ?
User 1: yeah and then one time i text her she starts with a kahani . she fucking weird bro . powai ka scene nahi . must find someone in sobo
User 2: gg . so what, three in france ? . she slept w him ? . bro my long distance started a little sooner than i expected 
User 1: no she said she felt weird because the dude was thirty-seven 
User 2: what . what
User 1: that i know of
User 2: she hooked up with a thirty-seven year old . wtf 
User 1: bc takla hai woh
User 2: bullshit . i don't buy that . wtf
User 1: she's fulfilling some weird kinks 
User 2: there are roses and another old person ? ?
User 1: yeah fifty year old chick from the us . and they were chilling . yeah this is not for us
User 2: dude jenitb . what the fuck . what was the other french guys name . ganymede ?
User 1: gwenole . the greek god 
User 2: gwenole and a thirty-seven yr old bald guy has better game then you  . but how did this even happen . is this like some weird couple link . kink . they wanted a twenty-one yr old to experiment w
User 1: bro if i'd asked her that she would go on another thirty mins if a story that i'll havr to sit and read . bro anushka is diff thoda . like good for her types . i don't want that
User 2: ask for me i wanna know lol . will y'all meet now ?
User 1: fuck you . with you there right between us . look how active anushka becomes after she crosses the indian border  . also send nattus nunber
User 2:  . the second she gets that csia stamp
User 2: he's bored out of his mind this weekend pls entertain each other
User 1: i know you miss my saltiness . im leaving in an hour
User 2: pls don't rub that in his face . yas b come home  . my wfh got ext till 31st
User 1: same . i'm going to quarantine myself for a bit because i have a cough for a very long time . but then we gonna 
User 2: ok too many messages . how bad is the fomo lmao . ok you stay away for a bit  . how long is your wfh
User 1: it's fine i'm high and i don't not mind being included by "friends" . you and rev are the only people i talk talk to 
User 2: jenit :'((( . you're breaking my heart . bro my parents aren't letting me go out lmfao . i was gonna go to juhu and finally meet divij . but they said no i feel like i'm in 3rd grade . they aren't even scared of my getting corona . they're scared i'll get arrested for "non essential travel"
User 1: why da . hahahahha . that's nitt started yet . but yeah we'll meet after couple of weeks . check insta  . let's talk about this
User 2: post  . uh no
User 1: i did now . you thought about it alone that toh i know
User 2: arre ik how this works it happened in december also
User 1: one month of long distance at a time . warm up 
User 2: lmao hopefully twenty-seven yr old instead of thirty-seven
User 1: this doesn't even make sense in this context but hurts the same . good burn . che dude how
User 2: ly
User 1: i'm scared i won't leave this city 
User 2: yiure still in bangalore ? ? . jenit tf . wasn't your flight hours ago ?
User 1: no no i just landed
User 2: oh you mean mumbai ?
User 1: i'm saying mumbai i won't leave
User 2: lmao same . we'll fly together
User 1: you should have told me when you were leaving i would have come with you
User 2: cunt bitch i told you  . i sent you a snap . who told you to leave one week later 
User 1: next time then
User 2: when is your wfh till
User 1: 31st for now . everyone's is going to get extended bro . ten days mai it's just going to get worse
User 2: we're gonna get so bored man
User 1: i'm already kinda lost as to what to do . can't even leave the house
User 2: it sucks dude . trust me . it's not like summerwinter vacay . i'm stuck in the house w my fam and it's frustrating . plus that low-key 'i should be working' guilt feels
User 1: yeah i don't even know what to talk to them . like my sister also might come over and stay . and fucking global pandemic has started and we still haven't even spoken uf . you fucking should absolutely be working  . oh so i decided to take this pandemic as a tolerance break . not doing thc for sometime
User 2: what why . what happened to  . y'all havent spoken ? since when
User 1: i was reading up on reddit and this stoner had some insane experience after smoking for a long tkme and then taking a tolerance break . like you . right before i left for my oyo on 31st 
User 2: what was the insane exp . i didn't bake a lot in 7th sem tho . more in the summer and 6th sem
User 1: like his initial highs and all came back . very gay things that only stoners will get . yeah you had a proper proper break . and that got fucked soon enough in blore lol
User 2:  . can't say no to sushil . go for a run . apparently if you stone a lot you get high while running
User 1: okay so let me tell you that i told everyone about this . and that's not how it works . you have to leave it for a bit then run . stop trying to sound smart i'll slap you
User 2:  . wow this is a v close to your heart topic ja . netflix, prime . for the "wfh"
User 1: sorry you know me . holy shit . ofc of . see the wild wild country doentary
User 2: wild wild country . why are we watching doentaries now  . what's uo . you're gonna hate this wfh stuff . it's been exactly a week for me and i wanna go back
User 1: yeah i watch a lot of those . stop judging me . bro home part is going to be bad . if i could meet my friends everyday it would have been fine ya
User 2: exactly . it would've been like summer vacay . this is just frustrating . i'm so bored i'm considering reading a book . i left that gre book in ff 
User 1: the only reason i'm happy is because i finally get some fucking sunlight . wth . bro the local are shut !
User 2: wow you live in a v m area ha . that bad in bangalore or what . since when has it been raining wtf . both times i wasn't in bang it started raining . revs super happy
User 1: it's to cosmo actually . like my side is jains then maharashtrian and the muslims . i live in the garage  . i don't get a ray of sunshine
User 2: oh that way . i swear dude
User 1: it rained outta nowheree yesterday !
User 2: i'm never underestimating a fkn window that opens :')))
User 1: hahahah rev and her trains . no but locals shut today only so .  ! only adult things xd
User 2: no till 31st . your room is worse than mine or what . lol if you feel bad my sister is turning twenty-five in self isolation tom 
User 1: i meant shut from today unlike normal passenger trains . i kinda live in the guest roo . because my rooms bed won't accommodate my height . wow . maybe i should dropby with a present (me)
User 2: yeah till 31st no ? . not that, at ff baba . you're the present ?  . dude what exactly are we supposed to do all day 
User 1: you've seen my room . it's way worse . yeah samia loved me . remember the netflix list you sent . or maybe actually read a book . i've decided to read some book constantly throughout the year . going well
User 2: i don't think i have . i didn't come down and get the brownies . but your co living is suffocating . sounds fun . suggest a book
User 1: what kind . bio, fiction war blah blah ? . i'm reading a scientific one so already won't suggest that 
User 2: sth engaging . uh no . i like murder shit . but for gres sake i should prob read sth with some big ass words 
User 1: sidney sheldon
User 2: which one
User 1: tell me your dreams
User 2: wtf . idk they've been really weird recently . idk if it's the future stress or just the pandemic . i'm kinda worried about what happens after we grad
User 1:  . . bro this is the book
User 2: jk yeah i'll read it
User 2: now where tf do i get it from  . i left my kindle at ff  . i think my sister has one . my dad went thru a v solid kindle  samsung galaxy tablet buying phase
User 1: just start doing something it's been a week of doing nothing
User 2: i was doing stuff for the midterm . mon-fri is still kot that bad . the weekends the issue  . they won't can our placements no
User 1: oh fuckk must start doing that
User 2: i love how he's smoking a blunt  . 25 lots of time now dw . that musica played me
User 1: bro chill
User 2: she told me end march then early april
User 1: okay at least mine won't xd
User 2: divij was giving bt yest 
User 1: hahahahha
User 2: i mean none of us work at indigo . how's naman doing
User 1: no idea what's his scene . harshit might no but his scene is bad enough not to ask him
User 2: oh did i tell you
User 1: no
User 2: jain decided he's giving up social media for a while (: . which includes whatsapp insta everything lmao . week one of long distance
User 1:  . why
User 2: idk he's super random
User 1: he's not anushka kinda person
User 2: decemberjan was still fine when we were in diff cities for 3-4 weeks . but i dont think this indefinite thing would work
User 1: oh so not having a phone has the same issues . from experience, switch to gmail text him there
User 2: it's different he's voluntarily being difficult
User 1: you become very pessimistic i've noticdd
User 2: he gets weird like this when we don't meet in person lol
User 1: haha looks like that can't deny . aw
User 2: like in person it's all normal and good . anyway f him let's dee what happens after bangalore . if we all do end up going to blore . i mean they both cut off so . see . download houseparty . it's cute we can all vc and play games and shit
User 1: yeah i'm just going to pray that jain isn'tdoesn't transform into anushka . oh i have used it
User 2: bro he gets triggered damn easily by the stupidest things . we'll talk in person
User 1: like moving back to hyd being the most recent ?
User 2: we used to use it a lot in 2nd yr
User 1: yeah let's see when that happensn
User 2: like you and i  . after this janta shit ends and stuff gets a little better . sunlight  . oh f me i was supposed to be on a alcohol cleanse till april 1st . and you're not  . sick let's get milkshakes and chill . your jain fam and my mus fam would be elated
User 1: bachelors
User 2: done . let's go to kc . for the memz . not that i have any, i barely went
User 1:  . raju roll why not . oh do you know you have to go to the window today at 5pm and make noise with stuff to acknowledge the work of all the nurses and docs and all . what if the entire india played we will rock you
User 2: what if the entire india knew what queen was . make noise w stuff ?  . go corona, corona go
User 1: oh first i thought elizabeth and then i was like na .  . we were banging some plates and shit
User 2: it's so cute :'))
User 1: did you do
User 2: yeah i clapped for a bit
User 1: bruh i dont wanna go like thus
User 1: idk why dikshita is sending me all this like we friends
User 2:  . omg she's a tik tok girl lmao . jenit u . y
User 1: it's her sisters account . but that doesn't make it better . but like look at the difference between kolkata life and mumbai life . i'm glad
User 2: i sent your drive to a bunch of people . it better not have a virus . i'd rather stay in quarantine for the entire year than make a tik tok 
User 1: no we'll make one @ff soon . if we ever go bsck
User 2: dude jenit . three weeks fuck . fuck
User 1: we fucked fucked . butbwhay are you doing about ff ?
User 2: what can we do . three months paid for . i told them i'm checking out 135
User 1: arre what about your stuff ? . you got everything ? !
User 2: oh fuck no 
User 1:  . ?
User 2: pjs and t shirts . what else . not like i'm going out anywhere
User 1: only these things are therem .  ?
User 2: no all my stuff is at ff . but i'll wear this only for the next three week s
User 1: arre that's fine . how can you just leave shit there and move out
User 2: but we're not moving out no . we'll go back at some yimen . i'm assuming ?
User 1: move outnin the sense stop paying rent :p .  . i'm not going to assume anything at all in two thousand and twenty
User 2: what will they do 
User 1: such an indian mentality i fucking love it . fuck
User 2: that's mihika mihika ? ? . what ? ? . she's a doc ?
User 1: yeah her hospital is handling it . studying
User 2:  . she's handling corona patients in germany ?
User 1: not handling i think she's doing papernwork or something
User 2: ok lemme get this straight . mihika is treating corona patients in germany . dikshita is making tik tok vids in calcutta . triv is in fourteen day quarantine after her french tour in mumbai . bro imma produce a mini series on your life
User 1: i'd make one on yours too but i'll have to find too many famous actors to make cameo for your four years in manipal :p . wow paris changed you bro, you're missing vig boi . omg yeah . i miss that place . i cant wait to go there again . that place has a special placr in my heart . oh the memories i made there guys i just cant put it in words
User 2: just get both our friend circles, that should do it .  . i dare you tk say that on the grouo
User 1: let me it be confirmed confirmed that she won't put out then i'll bring out the saltay moi .  . i don't even know all your ten bois
User 2: bro . there's a lockdown for twenty-one days . i don't see you getting any action rn
User 1: i keep hopes also in the long term i mean
User 2: ff is having online workshops to entertain people 
User 1: i saw . video game
User 2: not video games . tbh if we were all in ff . i wouldn't mind . get a nice juicy 3k score
User 1: who will give now 
User 2: we'd just sit in the theatre thing watch shit, sleep and play foosball . rimi is trynna score . it's too funny wait
User 1: i have  in my room in ff 
User 2: bro this  guy is so sweet lmao . bro why is your  guy tryna flirt w me . he said said he's coming just for me in three days lmao . you're killing me
User 1: oh wow . stay safe and all  . as long as he delivers haha . same bro same . i'm trying to get laid . i'm supposed to continue it but i don't care enough
User 2: what's this until tomorrow thing . oh . these quarantine insta trends . we drew oranges and bananas . now we be tagging
User 1: all these jobless cunts . dikshita is like give pc 
User 2: wru . accept cunt
User 1: bro . meeting was so bad . like the main dude forgot to switch of the mic after talking and i could fucking hear him sigh . 
User 2: oh fuck what . why is it bad idgi . you're up till two working na
User 1: because the results weren't good enough . and they still aren't because the fucking objects are too small
User 2: who all were there ? you were the only interview ? . did you tell them that
User 1: nine people 
User 2: what did they say . intern . all you seniors ?
User 1: basically divide the thing into two models . yes
User 2: ok dumb it down a lil for me . but it's possible yeah ? . dude tbh everyone has like shitty days . even soum was telling me her manager got annoyed at herb . and once said she's not working enough . like it's v normal
User 1: i really hope so or else i ded . yeah but around me no one seems to be fucking working . i want thoda chiller job i guess . but theek hai tab tak no option but to work my ass off . i want revs job 
User 2: wait imma shower and reply in a bit .  . dude i'm serious . if you're planning on switching, apply now it's the best time tbh
User 1: na the work is perfect but . gotta start working hard at some time in life 
User 2: plus they haven't fired u yet so . jk ly you're a valued employee
User 1: exactly . bro i'm already "that intern" that they've never had in their history so
User 2: not necessarily a bad thing . cute pic w sexy saxena . jk again . don't fkn screenshot and be a  abt it
User 1: rn i'm not thinking about all this . i'm mostly getting a j for four hundred and twenty :') . im too happy for anything else
User 2:  . priorities, i love it . for when ? 4th april ?
User 1: yes
User 2: why she ignoring me thon
User 1: hurts doesn't it .  . you sleep bro
User 2: nah i'm in the middle of my own shit rn 
User 1: aw . accha okay deal with it . jain only i'm presuming
User 2: hmm . i thought relationships are supposed to be easy tf
User 1: is okay . text me if you need motivation to date . atb
User 2: :'((
User 1: there's not  in either of your systems so please don't lose your shits and tak aramse and don't ket anything escalate .  exp advice
User 2:  . arre i'm not even annoyed i'm just v tired . but i cant sleep off midway lol
User 1: that's worse tbh . you're no better than dikshita . i'm tecting jain bye
User 2: bro ik how he is . i'll smack you . he's got a lot of free time . like his work is less and all . and when he does he starts overthinking bthings and starts picking fights about the smallest things . this happened a lot in the winter
User 1: what did you do now
User 2: i was barely replying to messages
User 1: send him nudes so you can go sleep fast . always work for me .  . worked
User 2:  . message her bro
User 1: why she gotta act so fake . at least all my proper ex's don't like me openly
User 2: wtf . what does she want
User 1: bro all these fake stoners are like oh shitnim  i'm dying blah blah
User 1: haina
User 2: that's triggering you the most na . actually jenit tell her you want to talk . and have a proper convo w her on call . or vc or wtv y'all do . stuff gets really misinterpreted on text
User 1: that's the thinf . i really don't want to talk anymore . i don't want friends who hit me up according to their convenience . ignore on groups . like chi
User 2: so what nown . y'all aren't together
User 1: guess which bitch aint getting no reply . we never were she made that v clear before only
User 2: what happened to that vc w everyone to tell us y'all are together
User 1: hahahhahaha dude rev told me the same thing ! . and what everyone . dude like she's nice and all but keeping in contact when you're in a 20km radius js really not my thing . what was the result of your fight
User 2:  . chalo no one is spreading their legs anytime soon . the only thing spreading rn is covid nineteen
User 1: okay jain is kinda right tbh . don't get stuck on fights . like specific ones . such small shit is not worth taking forward . like ily and all but you're giving v dikshita vibes when it comes to being a girlfriend and clearly i agree with jain's pov . you know how my relationship went right . don't . follow . the . same . pattern
User 2: it's fine only now . arre nonif we don't end it three days later he brings it up and its even worse then . don't even, you won't be able to make a tik tok w my corpse also . all that 'wtv i did wrong i'll make sure it won't happen again' is him being sarcastic lol . no one did anything wrong he just flipped out cuz i was barely replying yest . his pandemic is not helping anyone ha . this
User 1: oh accha  . ya you've told me he likes tk fight .  . oh don't i fucking agree 
User 2: yeah but chalo now we're bfine only  . timer reset . what's up . what happened after all this
User 1:  . i'm not replying now . "lmao"
User 2: no issues on my side . i'm okay with anythingg . y'all aren't ordering a pizza
User 1: yeahjhhj . exactly bro
User 2: talk to her once properly
User 1: okay yeah i'm done being taken advantage of my forgiving quality . latto ke bhooth bato se nahi mante
User 2: then fuck it honestly . you deserve someone better . (if y'all end up back together and you show her all this i'll cut your balls off) . if she wants to ghost you ghost her back x10 . archive the chat that's how i deal w stuff 
User 1: i don't use friend's chats as leverage . i keep only enemy ss babe . exactlyyt
User 2:  . you go girl . get those abs, cut your hair make her miss u
User 1: oh bro i'm so happy i started working out againn . it's fine i don't need such people to miss me for validation
User 2: oh bro . hey ! join me for core workout on mar twenty-eight at 8:00 pm on the cure .fit app . book your s for this cult .live class and let's workout together on join
User 1: ff21 one 
User 2:  . rn ?
User 1: yeah just got done . you join tho . the double chin ain't just gonna disappear
User 2: core ? . how was it ? . :'( . tom let's do the same one . i did some belly blaster thing yest . who's doing this
User 1: na i just do everything everyday . i'm not following any videos . accha cool done
User 2: download cure fit
User 1: they hired some dude . ok . fuck no . hrx
User 2: okay . hey ! join me for hrx: full body flow on mar twenty-nine at 8:00 pm on the cure .fit app . book your s for this cult .live class and let's workout together on they're so cute bro . i actually donated . it's legit and all
User 1: hahahha same . the default was 5k and i was like bro itna toh nah ho payega
User 1:  is still selling for three times the price 
User 2: wtf . is she delivering
User 1: nope . but for me she's damn close so . i'm pleading rn for him to give me plain  . literally pleading . what has life come to
User 2: yeah tru . is he ? . you're joining na
User 1: son and mother duo no . yesyes
User 2: why what did you say . what did she delete
User 1: no i didn't reply naa . who knows . okay i haven't been double texted in a while how do you respond xd . like i have a super mean reply ready since the time i last replied but i don't want to use thay
User 2: i wanna know . hahahaha . i normally let the double text simmer for a bit . like a few good hrs . maybe till around dinner time . and then for dessert i like to go in for the kill
User 1: wanna know ? . knowing me do you think i have time for friendships that change according to borders . and do you expecct ne to reply to you after you say we'll meet in mumbai and then ghost me for a week . but ofc i'll build it up for impact 
User 2: hm it's fine . i'd give it a 4 . i've heard you diss better . plus she'll blame it on quarantine . the not meeting for a week
User 1: oh you want me to be mean meann . not replying for a week . so no way it can be on quarantine
User 2: what do you want
User 1: won't judge me ?
User 2: lol sex ?
User 1: no .
User 2: relationship ? . friends
User 1: wtf
User 2: not talk to her ?
User 1: no so when i know that friendships are ending, and when i finally stop caring, i like to extend the ending toxicity because i kinda like it ?
User 2: oh like you don't want to be friends also ?
User 1: i don't know it feels good to be fought for after you've sacrified so much for nothing . kinda payback . arre i can't be friends in long term with people that are so volatile
User 2: then cut it off w her . be mean or wtv honestly that'll help you get over it
User 1: all these convenience type friends are something i'd rather not invest time in
User 2: i'm team "jen"  . i get you
User 1: arre why do you think i'm not "over it" . like fucking yesterday only i was texting rudhran
User 2: i've cut a lot of people off in my life not new to that . rn neither of y'all are if you guys still double text each other
User 1: i'm sure if a gy can find some time in his reality to text back then a "oh bro i'm so " girl can too
User 2: i'm telling you, the way this entire sem has gone
User 1: okay you need to get one thing straight is that we never dated xd
User 2: my perspective of her has completely changed
User 1: why tho ? . because you got close to her and found out real her ?
User 2: and i'm not the first person to say that in our group
User 1: cos samee
User 2: bro i didn't think she'd cut all of us out of her life like that lmao . esp you . like bro we've all gone on "experiences" or wtv
User 1: i mean sarthak did say oh she doesn't text anyone or call except siddhant
User 2: this part of her reminds me a bit of sampada . she has v need based relationships . relationships as in friendships included . and i hate that
User 1: so she'll just keep how much ever indian factor she needs and the rest are like "oh they are tih there only" . yaya
User 2: even sidhant said the same thing . idt they spoke that much either
User 1: no after me and anushka stopped properly talking mid feb then she shifted to the next indian dude available
User 2:  . in manipal even he said he didn't speak to her that much
User 1: bs . dude you know what irritates me . i have a very good judge of character so i know whom  i won't like in the long run anyway but sidhant i just can't figure out
User 2: ik i'd never be close to sidhant . like it'll always be a let's drinkget highplay cod kinda friendship
User 1: exactly
User 2: see . you and i both know you can't be mean to her . and i'm not saying you should or shouldn't . have your fun tell her wtv you want
User 1: like in this entire group the first person i started trusting was rev because i've seen her at her low (rudhran) so at least i know she's real real . such bad advice you're giving
User 2: but i think you need to straight up tell her that whatever happened last three months was not okay . and you don't see her like that anymore and there's no scene of you guys going back to what y'all had in december . 
User 1: but she gave me a heads up so . okay so now i fucking can't tell her because she just said her grandfather passed away . jesus
User 2: oh fuck . heads up that she might hook up w someone - which is still fkd up imo . not that she'll go on a rampage w greek gods w gay names . and definitely not that she'll go awol
User 1: and thirty-seven year olds 
User 2: but yeah drop it for now . now covid na ? . 
User 1: no no . it's alright you don't need to apologise . ofc . you can talk to me you know . i done fucked . why am i so nice arusha 
User 2: what is thiss . your convo w her ? . arre you can't be mean if her grandad just passed
User 1: ha . ya ya i'm not fifteen
User 2: chalo drop it for now . be there for her
User 2: class is starting . in 10 . get ready 
User 1: yeah just signed up . bro i have been sneezing since yesterday . oh bro . that was so fun
User 2:  . dude that second shit killed . did you get energy point . omfg . hey ! join me for full-body sweat on mar thirty at 8:00 pm on the cure .fit app . book your s for this cult .live class and let's workout together on
User 1: good only
User 2: join join . bro if i do this tom i would've used this more than i used my blr gym i paid for 
User 1: ive already worked out at home more than the number of times i went to the gym there 
User 2: hey ! join me for total body cardio workout on mar thirty-one at 7:00 pm on the cure .fit app . book your s for this cult .live class and let's workout together on
User 1: oops
User 1: rest day
User 2: join
User 1: si
User 1: why aren't you working out
User 2: it's done . thirty mins . my rank was shit
User 2: so many people tho . but v similar to yest
User 1: muski was also there 
User 2: yeah i get the bitch  . she wants to dance tom
User 1: the chest and arms ones pelase . i can't dance and shit . i need muscle . and since muscle gaining increases fat loss it's great for y'all to . raise the same complaint
User 2: they actually said that . who sent this
User 1: mrigakshi forwarded it . everyone should really file this complaint
User 2: does it apply to pgs ?
User 1: don't know if the cutting rent is a fact also  . but who's gonna fact check
User 2:  . the wrecked you in the quote only
User 1: did you get a text from anushka too
User 2: no what happened . oh she did wtf . justs saw omg
User 1: hahahahah . same message ?  . you and rev both . probably everyone else in the group too
User 2: what did rev get . i hacent opened it . did you get one
User 1: nope . oh you get six messages nice . and i only get my grandfather died . 
User 2: you need more than six msgs
User 1: read na 
User 2: i just woke up and you're gonna make me think of a reply first thing 
User 1: toh you reply later .  . hahaha
User 2: five
User 1: what is this copy pasting 
User 2: still beat rev tho 
User 1: six da
User 2: oh right  bro was already read . what dod rev say . i'll ctrl c ctrl v like we're back in lab . if it makes you feel better
User 1: haven't spoken to her i read it in the morning
User 2: why do you wake up so early tf
User 1: just woke up for like five minutes lel . okay . i'm not kidding rn . please don't send me such chats . talk about it if you'd like
User 2: dude . he told samia i get  when i'm drunk  . my sister wtf
User 1: i swear i just got the most intense ptsd about my relationship with dik . how chill are you and you sister
User 2: not that chill she didn't even know about his existence lmao . bro what is this tho . its exhausting every few days
User 1: some relationships do be like that : sorry rush
User 2: but i feel like he actually does that . i'm not even like a heavy texting person
User 1: do you want an honest opinion or no opinion
User 2: yeah give
User 1: this particular thing is not going to change . boys know boys .
User 2: so what . i have to deal with it or end it lol
User 1: yeah see that's where i can't say anything . if you do deal with it, i'm not kidding, nudes help in long distance
User 2: let's see what happens in the summer . i don't get triggered honestly . idk if that's a good thing or bad . but it happens so frequently at this point i keep ignoring the fighting part and try to sort it out . even tho what do i reply to an emoji 
User 1: one thing dikshita said that was hurtfully honest in bangalore was that even though towards the end the love wasnt exactly there, we were together because it had become a routine since legit first month of college . reply back with a meme . works normally :p
User 2: this is really stupid tho, i don't reply to you or shreeya or everyone every single time that doesn't i don't love y'all . yeah but that's kinda understandable
User 1: boyfriends are different period . i'm just saying reflect the same thing onto your relationship
User 2: bro the one time i was in a "relationship" . even i felt that the end i did not really feel for him . it was a mix of is being together for this long and also having the same friends . i care for him a lot and ik it's just a phase rn and things will be fine when we go back to bangalore, but idk if this is right like if we're only good in person ig that's an issue too because less than two months from now regardless we're not gonna be in the same city and idk how long that's gonna be for . f
User 1: exactly . you deleted this message . same city thing shouldn't be one of the problems
User 2: dude but honestly . like i'm .not being pessimistic nor anything . but everyone who's dating rn, like how does it work from here . half of y'all be applying for masters other half is working so what c . they all gonna try long distance and then break it off ? . like i see disha and sahil, soum and krishi all kinda making long distance work . but for all us noobz, pearl-emerald is long distance lmao . also lol i made out w your cousin . or however y'all are related . register it's tom
User 1: ya okay this looks that it might be informative . too many good links you're providing these days uf . 
User 2: let's get that dough  . actually tho . apply to amazon . they've got like 40k openings in india . it won't hurt
User 1: bro i'm actually not applying anywhere till i get my cv in place . okay this weekend i'm not doing all this extra shit . no netflix
User 2: yeah same . i'm gonna make a daily schedule from nowbon . that ml course is killing me . but i paid 5k i have to see it thru 
User 1: reply okay to anyone does not make you a bigger person let me make it very clear . still better than an emoji reply tho . what ? ! . we don't have coursera anymore ?  . bro who was shivam in our class 
User 2: what  . oh this is that stanford course . stanny isn't covered . i have no fucking clue why is everyone getting wet about him  . trynna start a fight over an emoji doesn't make you one either  . listen you're on my side, you just say 'u go girl' whenever necessary
User 1: and then when everything is between you and jain you're going to start hating on this jain for being against your jain
User 2:  . no scene
User 1: well . you go girl
User 2: lmao trivedi asking some heavy questions
User 1: yeah that was my post sex talk for a month .  . you say yeah its good, how's it with your jain
User 2: idk my okay was ignored 
User 1: double text . it's allowed when you're dating thank god . ask but plis  . and ofc we don't talk about me and her
User 2: bruh i do that all the time when he gets all triggered by last seen and emojis going un-replied . i'll ask her how it's going w her jain ?  . i don't wanna start something tho lmao
User 1: big uff . yeah . oh you are busy and have a lott of things on your plate i get it
User 2: nah i don't like starting drama . on contrary to popular belief  . i just get roped in it . to put it in my chem major terms . i'm a catalyst not a reactant 
User 1: so you hype shit up for everyone else and increase the drama . good girl . ik but you wouldn't do it for me
User 2: come here w a j rn and i ask . gotta bring in 420 the right way
User 1: i'm so scared it might not happen . twenty days away and i've already started asking everyone possible
User 2: bro . it's not just the 20th . it's the entire month
User 1: yeah  but since beggars csnt be choosers i'll stick to one day . you don't tell me all this . i'd noted all this down in sem one
User 2:  . 204 will be in blr w sushil inshallah . this is the last time my ego is allowing this
User 1: come even meet has jooned . what ?
User 2: ok last . my wifi is fuckall
User 1: just come even aakansh joined
User 2: aw so cute . five bhk tb
User 1: bruh he just sniped tf outta your ego
User 2: yeah wtf 
User 1: did you try the netflix party thing ?
User 2: yup d8 night is that lmao . its nice you need to download the ext . ahuja made me paytm his dealer on 1st april . i've never felt pain like this before . chalo sc
User 1: we've been living a joke anywau . yas
User 2: how was it . i need my room back . there's not space for that swimming shit
User 1: what happened to it . 
User 2: gs moved in
User 1: i actually left after warmup . i wanted the pump so i'm doing my own rn . yeah that's happening everywheree
User 2:  . do hrx . it's more tiring and longer
User 1: yeah that day toh i loved it . how was today's ?
User 2: fine ish . i want something more core focused
User 1: do it yourself onlyy
User 2: it's fun i'll just opt for less upper body stuff
User 1: let's opt for something in am  . am . day ten without chicken, the paneer looking thicc tho . 0104, 21:04 anushka trivedi: idk man i'm like this only . look at them two yeahs 
User 2: lmao just saw this . chalo at least y'all are talking . more than i can say rn  . i wouldn't mind paneer tbh 
User 1: no that small talk ended hours ago . stfu you're not allowed to say it . remote dating is the only way to go in a lockdown 
User 2: that looks like guru a bit na  . from our class . f . now i'm gonna fight the bitch . not happening, chut . my ego is on the line here 
User 1: wow like y'all didn't text at all
User 2: yeah now what . gimme some of that three yr relationship advice . this weird stuff normally lasts like half a day, this is the longest we've gone tbh
User 1: call and talk about normal shit . if he's being weird then, then explain calmly that it's not like you're ignoring him because clearly nothing happened and then strictly say that you are his gf and don't like to fight just for tp
User 2: join the linkedin thing . we don't call idk why . i've tried calling like 2-3 times since i came to bombay . it wasn't like this in decjan . like we vcd and stuff a lot . oh lmao i'll tell you about this covid thing . ahuja dhruv parth and i had a lil covid scare . bruh this is for employers
User 1: not voice call na ? that's for boomers . only video call . number of times i've done house party with dikshita in the last eleven days 
User 2: that also . we used to vid call in the winter idk now he's suddenly anti callsvc everything . fuck it . spent an hr learning how to empower my workforce  . this is not for us lmao
User 1:  .  cough
User 2:  related but not that
User 1: rishabh and i looked at each other everytime we coughed . thank god dad asked me to buy ghee and oil with him . communication is too important . now it seems like both the parties want to tslk to the other but there's no reconciliation between yall . kinda not how relationships work .
User 2: what do i do . i'm sick of always being the one who has to keep reaching out and making this work . and it's gonna happen again in three days at worst seven days at best
User 1: i'd say talk it out but clearly that's the main problem
User 1: i'd say be a sobo chick and ignore the fuck out of him but jain is smart and will double ghost you
User 2: he's not smart . he's immature as fuck soemtimes . sometimes . cuz everytime he does it i'm like fuck my ego wtv i'll give him attention and shit and it gets sorted . bro this started because of an emoji wtf 
User 1: well whatever it is, its not helping
User 2: i'm trynna "rock my resume" rn . future is more imp
User 1: but ik you're not the 247 engaged kind so it's not like you're doing anything out of your character .  . don't quote it . you're actually doing it and that's brilliant
User 2: it's really dumb if he wants to be pissed about this then he needs to really rethink his shit thru . no it's called that
User 1: hahahaha where is this
User 2: endorse me on linkedin . for everything ty . this
User 1:  . oh
User 2: i'm gonna get schneiders ceo to do that too
User 1: i want to do it but have to start working 
User 2: is kc on your linkedin
User 1: yeah probably should remove it . i want only jaihind 
User 2:  . why didn't you take jai hind . attendance ? . is fazlani there . i'm stalking you
User 1: yes . the year i came to kc is the year vice prici got changed and everything became chill af . yep
User 2: gwalani ? . wait you were in jai hind for a year ?
User 1:  . no she was something else . dalvi became and she is the one who gave me admission . yeah jh one and kc 1 . probably don't be that honest 
User 2: :'( . wtf . why did you leave
User 1: it's like we're going in circles . now i understand why jain doesn't likenyou . paris became home and i had to leave so badly . ah shit here we go again
User 2: oh  . oof right where it hurts . omfg . she had to leave so badly . man thirty-seven yr old bald indian dude just dont cut it . they don't know how to use those fingers 
User 1:  . she feels weird about it ok . hm . you're right these people shouldn't expect replies to such bs
User 2: ignore the bitch . we'll make a group w triv and jain
User 1: i'm genuinely being fake and nice
User 2: and send each other's replies . and they can figure out replies to this crap . fkn i'm tab spacing and articulating and shit . putting references
User 1:  . anushka was right man . let's switch partners .  . ok
User 2: no i don't want her either . sorry not sorry . i can't deal w elderly men, i draw the line there . 
User 2: bro the letters are reducing . next message will be a plain ol' f
User 1: dude let's make a group where we only send fuck all screenshots  . the entire 2020 . and then on new year's we csn see them all andnhave a blastt
User 2: i swear . i'm im as fuck
User 1: i did it for you . 0204, 11:41 anushka trivedi: ok
User 2: oh fuck you acually sent . i meant that her next message woukd be that
User 1: oh . i thought it was a challenge and i clearly am up for anything dramatic and entertaining rn . oh i'm fusing with jain
User 2: bro . bad idea  . don't live up to your last name . at least she talks and doesn't sulk for 9-10 hrs . y
User 1: i had to send you this to show you how fuck all i feel  . live streaming
User 1: yeah it's just weeks of ghosting followed by assurance of no sex . atleast you don't have that assurance
User 2: how do we have sex if we don't even talk lol
User 1: try to step in a room alone with him and see
User 2: um . pandemic . lockdown . did you and dik ever take a break
User 1: so i broke my hand because she said she wanted a break . but after talking in bangalore she said that it could have actually helped the relationship . take it
User 2: you mean in hindsight if y'all had taken a break she wouldn't have cheated  . lmao it's been two months
User 1: well .  .
User 2: i don't see the point in a break imo, either you're together or not
User 1: ik i was there right after you startef . if you ignore the 7th sem then yeah
User 2: yeah okay so like 7-8 months . like stuff got kinda serious end sept
User 1: whatever it is
User 2: ok so now what . tell me what to do and i'll do that lol . if only anushka sent these kinda msgs to u . i think y'all should meet btw . like after lockdown before blr
User 1: oh dude i made that chat so ugly so fast  . no arusha
User 2: what did you do 
User 1: kinda made sure that doesn't happen ?
User 2: i'm not saying to fix things or anything . and . don't . have . sex . sex will complicate everything . cuz it's never just sex
User 1: remember the negative things i feed on ? . voila
User 2: omfg . imma use that line next time jain says forget itleave it . 'leave the other person in a cloud but that's always been you' . but i think the . lets fightt
User 2: and bringing up dikshitas name isn't doing you and favours
User 1: dude i'm still laughing
User 2: on the upside you we don't have to worry abt this
User 1: eh . big uff
User 2: oh wow these lmaos are really badly interpreted
User 1: they are not meant as how lmaos are supposed to be used
User 2: and guess how many times i actually laughed
User 1: 0 . 0204, 12:07 jenit jain: lol think about this when you're free tho
User 1: dw i'm signing up for a being an adult class . i'll take jain with me .
User 2: yes pls ily . who tf sleeps till noon on a thurs i wanna fight him now
User 1:  . good good get the negativity out
User 2: cool . fine . i saw that . i send tonight . now if he's a  i'm gonna unleash 9th grade bitchy arusha
User 1: send whay
User 2: when tf did ff have all these events lmao
User 1: entertain the guests before they turn into animals after being stuck inside . week two without  . hola muchachos . self destructive jenit is back . sounds like a joke but i'm scared lmao . send
User 2: is it possible to classify multiple  like this . this is all the same category . man f electrical companies i wanna classify cats and dogs
User 1: no bro . no scene . what you can do is create multiple categories for each looking device and name all of them ups
User 2: what were you saying about sub classifying
User 1: this only . and for augmentation there's this damn easy library imgaug . basically just call one function and you can get 100s of images
User 2: i mean it'll work the same way only na, just instead of one class labelled ups there will be multiple . fk what a bt . now i'll need more images for all of them . what about multiple
User 1: yes .  ?
User 2: images are sending . my wifi is so fuck all . f
User 1: bro all these are very diff . colors matter . but if the training has this . and this . it might just work idk
User 2: how many images approx
User 1: which architecture are you planning to use .
User 2: as in . cnn
User 1: which cnn  . are you gonna train on your local machine ? . this is a general category of networks that has manh specific networks in jt
User 2: oh like all the lenet and googlenet and all ? . those are all pre det no ? . like  of layers . yeah
User 1: yes
User 2: we're not scaling it as of now . this is the pilot
User 1: so something like vgg
User 2: if they wanna scale they can buy aws
User 1: use vgg only if this is just a pilot
User 2: idk i've been classifying pokemon and cats and dogs and i keep adding layers as i feel like . with tf and keras
User 2: i've never done something like this lol
User 1: keras let's you use transfer learning . don't train from scratch . use keras vgg with transfer learning
User 2: listen i didn't know what a neural net was a month back  . yeah dude it's fkn annoying like . how do you decide which activation and optimiser and loss and all to use
User 1: ha it's okay
User 2: okay
User 1: honestly kinda depends on the application and is not really fixed . read about optimizers . aws makes it easier to select all these hyperparameters but well you cant use it
User 2: ouch 
User 1: i didn't use it very well either remember
User 2:  . i just have to make the label names the same bas ? . this is like some reverse image classification . i've heard of multi label . this is the opposite
User 1: yes . lol . i haven't tried it . but i know for a fact that the model won't work for same label with those images
User 2: dud eim gonna cry . left most is a low voltage ac process drive, middle is a molded circuit breaker, right most in a miniature circuit breaker . id use these to train and test the same class . f . bro they sent the wrong data only wtf
User 1:  . these are practically the same lol
User 2: bro they fucked up . they can't even send data right . only the circled stuff is correct . the rest are all mcbs
User 1:  . get the right data and ask me otherwise even i'm getting confused
User 2:  . but the ups stuff is right
User 1: then multiple categories
