User 1: what's the se and os portion ?
User 2: both first two ppts . sup
User 1: 8th ko goa chalna hain ? . for one or two days . tanvi jaa rahi hain for some some conference . she has her sunday off i .e 9th . if you all come with me then i can get permission from my folks .
User 2: no scene bro . i'm already done with this months money and have to ask more
User 1: and what's up with jeet's thing . how long did se take for you ?
User 2: pretty long . mostly not going
User 1: aja yaar
User 2: have fun with the free passes 
User 1: harshit ka kya scene hain ?
User 2: no one is going
User 1: kya bt . mac
User 2: send me picture of chap1 os notes na
User 1: need it still ?
User 2: yes . should i make chapter two notes
User 1: yep .
User 2: second chapter ?
User 1: yep . what are you doing for se ?
User 2: se there is no way i'm going to remember everything . so just reading and will copy from slides tomorrow . send first chapter for os . se i'll do at the end
User 1: okay . lol padhna chor de . nice . dikshita coming over ?
User 2: tonight ?
User 1: ya
User 2: na . get finger prints aren't working
User 1: where are you staying ?
User 2: friend's place in panaji
User 1: arey arey . abhi kaha hain ? . tu nikal gaya ? . hmara plab cancel
User 2: lol why
User 1: train got canceled
User 2: come in ours
User 1: now in u like bro
User 2: what
User 1: saloon
User 1: your train didn't get canceled ?
User 2: nope
User 1: fuck mqn
User 2: that bad ?
User 1: bro we are stuck here . plus i'd be kinda alone in jeet's party . i hope raghav and ankur show up
User 2: gao 100 no ?
User 1: goa plan canceled bro .
User 2: lol . i'm at the station
User 1: is your train running on time ?
User 2: yep . what scene at the party
User 1: wgstsp
User 2: kit a bhand hai bhai
User 1: itna
User 2:  . arre bc blackout
User 1: dates dekh . 
User 2: bigshotnmai we were there till so late ?
User 1: i think so .  . oye . se kitna kiya ?
User 2: not study anything . where are the ppts for chapter three and four
User 2: not opening
User 1: bro this is the link only . fuck not opening
User 2: bt
User 1: what bt
User 2: 55ish people at jeets party right ?
User 1: yeah . why whatsup . bhai display ki mkc . oye cn ka detailed syallabus hain kya ?
User 2: no . only course plan
User 1: how are u studying frm the book then . are u like reading all the chapters ? .  topics
User 2: yes . first time ke liye its good . then during exams ill try to get the slides
User 1: slides are shit man
User 2: i understood stuff in class so it wont be that bad
User 1: hey . send me today's ca notes na pls
User 2: ha
User 1: thanks . we make a star for thw minimum outgoing edge from a state ?
User 2: yes
User 1: it doesn't matter while mal calculations though, right ?
User 2: it matters . because in mal . you selectnonly greedy cycles . and greedy cycles consist of edges only with stars
User 1: no while u calculate the average the star doesn't add anything . and always the mal corresponds to a greedy cycle
User 2: yes and yes
User 1: sort . do u anna do a long question in the reservation table and cross check ? . wanna
User 2: nope
User 1: are efficiency and throughput for a reservation table the same thing ? . is
User 2: no
User 1: how to calculate throuput then
User 2: number of tasks per unit time . if unit time is one clock cycle
User 1: 
User 2: then throughput will be less than 1 . calculations won't ckme
User 1: so in reservation table how do u do that
User 2: do what
User 1: calculate throughput from the table or collision vector
User 2: why don't need to calculate . you don't
User 1: priority scheduling karna hain . tat and wt bhejna pls pls
User 2: badme
User 1: yaar tujhe formal method samj main aya ?
User 2: skipping that entire end
User 1: oye kya scene ?
User 2: aaja
User 1: chal theek hain . four hundred and five na ?
User 2: yes
User 1: oye . kaha mar gaya
User 2: hehe . hi . saturday ayega na
User 1: mostly no
User 2: how sick
User 1: pretty sick
User 2: bc chal tc
User 1: i broke up with tanvi . last night
User 2: bhai . are you okay . why tho, like what happened
User 1: because of the entire distance between us right now . i had a breakdown last night so i broke it off then . i'm not sure if it's the right thing to do
User 2: probably wasn't . bc kya . aren't y'all together everyday . think again . make it right
User 1: i'm talking to her right now b
User 2: han karle sory
User 1: did you tell it anyone ?
User 2: na . whatsup
User 1: don't tell
User 2: sorted ?
User 1: i think .
User 2: good . don't fuck up
User 1: i talked to her . man she went home last week on tuesday . she came back last evening and again left for goa at twelve noon . she'll come back on sunday night . and her mom is coming for at least a week on monday . if this thing happens it will be almost a month
User 2: toh understand kar na . ro maat . don't overthink
User 1: kal assignment hain kya koi ?
User 2: don't know
User 1: lol . notes hain ?
User 2: kisje bhai
User 1: bia
User 2: fucked . fuck . i'll take pictures of the book
User 1: heey . hey what are the portions for se assignment ?
User 2: dunno
User 1: when is os assignment ?
User 2: i know se is on monday
User 1: cn ka syllabus pata hain ?
User 2: no
User 1: ca ?
User 2: koi nahi pata
User 1: waa beta . oye . we'll go to class together
User 2: bhai how did they come back . and do you have a pic of the car
User 1: they hitch hiked . no one has the car pic . it's completely smashed .
User 2: didn't they say they were taking a turn
User 1: yeah instead of turning they went straight into the rocks . dude if harshit and you want to go then lemme know . we'll go together .
User 2: kidhar bc
User 1: hospital .
User 2: didn't you go in ? . rn
User 1: i went . i'm saying if you guys feel like it's the right thing to do see her then go and see her . and i'll also come again .
User 2: did something happen that got our names into it . pura bata bkl
User 1: no .
User 2: marunga
User 1: honestly . i'm just saying man
User 2: neither of us are close to her man . but i texted arusha rn . incase she is in the hospital i'll ask her to give my wishes to revati . uske alava pata nahi kya kare bc
User 1: i told that because last i remembered she invited harshit to the party . but again it's completely your choices . hey
User 2: don't be weird
User 1: do you plan on going for ugam solutions ? . sorz .  ?
User 2: data ytics is written . so might as well
User 1: if you get a ppo then you're out of placements in sem 7 .
User 2: short term soch laude
User 1: it's not written .
User 2: on their site
User 1: bro it's general software development for interns . sdi
User 2: matlab
User 1: class aa raha hain na ?
User 2: obviously
User 1: 10-11:30 there is break .
User 2: i'll study in the break . now even i'm thinking . are you goingn
User 1: yep . i am .
User 2: nag
User 1: i knew i was going always . i asked you so that we could prolly get some breakfast in that break . but you said you'll study . jerk nerd
User 2: break mai toh we'll eat be obviously
User 1: tc chalte hain fir
User 2: chut you bunked
User 1: follow this link to join my whatsapp group: dinner ke kya scene ?
User 2: i'm at kmc rn . sahoo ka
User 1:  . wa
User 2: i'll update
User 1: oye . try to tez me 100 . 1000 . i'll give you five hundred more .
User 2: dude i have only cash . what do you need it for . is it imp
User 1: give it to harshit or someone who can tez . i mean it's better to have some money in the account na
User 2: bhai don't want people to owe me money and me owing others . confusing hota hai . i'll just give you six hundred and fifty tomorrow na
User 1: give money to harshit and tell him to tez if he can
User 2: accha i tell him to tez 650 ?
User 1: yep . and you give the cash to him .
User 2: eight thousand, two hundred and ninety-six wala number only right
User 1: yep . this number only . eight billion, two hundred and ninety-six million, five hundred and thirty-nine thousand, six hundred and eight
User 2: kya scene
User 1: no scene till now . they're still evaluating
User 2: bc tatti log
User 1: nai hoga web . ab
User 2: somiya no nikal kar aaja uski jagah
User 1: lol . we'll go home rogether ha
User 2: where are you
User 1: pp . you got in ?
User 2: still just waiting . so sleepy
User 1: all the best man . get the charger that som gave you last night . hey . what time are we leaving . send me chap four cn
User 2: online hi hai . no pdf
User 1: what was the pdf you were reading in class
User 2: chapter three
User 1: what's the portion for the cn quiz ?
User 2: 3rd assignment ka kuch bola nahi hai . but after half close till the end of chapter will come for sure . chapter four doubt it
User 1: bola tha bhai
User 2: is tanvis mom staying in pp
User 1: yep . rn
User 2: good
User 1: tanvi is in campus rn . her mom is in pp
User 2: is it somiyas treat or what
User 1: okay
User 2: asking
User 1: nai pata . she might
User 2: dude . don't talk to jeet rn . nikal jayega
User 1: okay . oye . kya kar raha hain
User 2: was trying to study . now fucking around
User 1: dikshita hain kya
User 2: nope
User 1: fifa khelte hain chal
User 2: aja
User 1: call when you levae
User 2: 7:50
User 1: oye . send me chapter three notes asap
User 2: i'm doing 4th one now . should i send everything together
User 1: no send me chapter 3 . camscan
User 2: okay . you send chapter four from text . i'm making notew
User 1: jenit cn ke portion bhej  . jo tune likha tha nb main
User 2: it's on the group
User 1: tu bhej
User 2: notes mai last page nahi hai
User 1: abhi main waha kya dhundu
User 2: 3 .4 .4 till 4 .2 .2 . tu chapter four bhej bhai . from text book
User 1: state transition diagram hain tcp ka ? . bhai roommate nahi hain abhi .  ?
User 2: no . asap
User 1: that's 3 .4 .5 . haan obvio . maine text kiya hain . usse . that's one page only man
User 2: oh fuck wait . send full chapters na
User 1: pura hain bhai . fungi . what was the cn assessment like ?
User 2: matkab
User 1: what all did they ask
User 2: oh thag . gns3
User 1: usme kya karna tha ?
User 2: set a network up . so that one pc can ping some other pc
User 1: olay . hey . i'm in pp, we'll go to class together .
User 2: yes
User 1: what up now ? . kya kar raha hain ?
User 2: i'll leave with you
User 1: what time now ?
User 2: will you get the activa
User 1: yep
User 2: 8:50
User 1: cool . where are you now ?
User 2: 405 . all the hair dressers are busy but there is no queuue
User 1: you'll be done in like fifteen then . i'll come to u like then
User 2: i'm done already
User 1: what did the manager say
User 2: haven't gone yet . thanks for reminding lol
User 1: what did your manager say
User 2: we didn't ask . but i don't wanna keep a party . ghar chill se sharab . tumlog ke saath bbqnation . and then dikshita ke saath hashtag
User 1: yeah that's better . i'll come to pp timeouts only then
User 2: tanvi ke liye daru bhejwaduga
User 1: tomorrow . lol
User 2: chill hai
User 1: what scenes now ?
User 2: i'm trying to do the hackerrank thing . it's pissing off . karna hai saath mai ?
User 1: chal ata hoon in a while . come down fast
User 2: what time
User 1: hey . you up yet ?
User 2: ha bc
User 1: eight am we're going ?
User 2: let's see
User 1: happy birthday man . somiya ke kya scene ? . she going ?
User 2: don't know
User 1: what are the factors lol
User 2: if legs move
User 1: i'll go to my block now to get better clothes . we'll go for nine am
User 2: bhai
User 1: sup
User 2: man the somiya thing
User 1: chill hain . be normal . she often acts paranoid about things . tu apne side se normal reh
User 2: not thay
User 1: toh
User 2: we both are normal
User 1: ab kya hua
User 2: it's just that i wanna see if anything is possible and she doesn't . sucks
User 1: it's her first relationship and she is scared she might lose it . if you both are happy in your own relationships then let it go .
User 2: dude i have liked her since a long time now
User 1: pata hain meko
User 2: so tbh, even though it sounds shitty, i'll risk my relationship thida
User 1: there is always some thing better out there man . but if you're happy now with dikshita then let it be
User 2: recently i told you that it hasn't been up to the mark na . prolly cos i started acknowledging my feelings
User 1: ok . do you want to tell that to somiya ?
User 2:  ?
User 1: ya tell her that recently your relationship hasn't been up to the mark
User 2: i mean she's not the only reason . won't that be putting too much pressure on her
User 1: but you seem too disturbed with that . so if you tell her that keeping all that has been disturbing you so much then she will understand .
User 2: so what exactly should i tell her
User 1: tell her that you're relationship hasn't been upto the mark and you think you could give it a shot with her . and ask how her relationship is right now .
User 2: she said she's happy with sid and doesn't want to fuck it up . yesterday she said that . didn't seem enthused by it though
User 1: can't really change her mind then man
User 2: ha that's fine . i'm just annoyed at the jogging restriction and that alone time thing . pretty immature
User 1: fuckoff man . go alone or something
User 2: what
User 1: what time are we going tonight
User 2: as late as possible
User 1: time bro oo . 9 ?
User 2: mostly
User 1: i'll come to pragati . wahi se chalte hain ?
User 2: yeah . dikshita isn't coming
User 1: i'll come around 8:45
User 2: somiya natak kar rahi hai . tu bula usko . don't take my name lol
User 1: dude mostly i'll come back to block tonight . jenit no not now . tum log bhand ho gaye toh bt hogi
User 2: kucj nahi hoga . also come early . pregame
User 1: how early ? . what time will you guys leave from blue waters ?
User 2: 9ish . 8:30 tak aaja
User 1: from blue watee bro
User 2: oh from . we won't be there for more than an hour for sure . you calling her ?
User 1: she said you guys go
User 2: dudr
User 1: sup
User 2: i don't remember
User 1: listen i want to talk about something
User 2: sup
User 1: yeh week i'm planning not to meet tanvi at all . we got very close last week when i stayed over at pragati too much . she behaved very awkward . that's why i didn't want to go to pragati yesterday . but anyway, yeh week sath main hangout karte hain . zada bt nahi khani muje
User 2: she's your girlfriend . aren't you supposed to get close ?
User 1: exactly . i'm completely ok with that . last week was amazing . but i think she is getting awkward . plus with so much aiesec work it's very irritating . i don't want to go around asking her to hangout with me . dude literally i felt like i was a burden or something last week
User 2: i mean yeah sometimes when dikshita come unannounced even i don't like it
User 1: i think i'll distance myself thora now .
User 2: distance karne mai awkward hota hai . just go during the day . don't stay over
User 1: so if i'm busy it won't be awkward
User 2: makes sense
User 1: that's the thing she has aiesec work literally all the time . tbh aiesec pisses me off so much
User 1: chutiya hi katte hain bkl wo log
User 2: sab satme padhte hai . we have sessionals also so it's the best getaway
User 1: haan . kalse chalu kare ?
User 2: aaja aaj hi
User 1: sham ko not now
User 2: cool . were you texting rudhran yesterday
User 1: haan . fuck . what did he say to you . you shouldn't have sent that pix
User 2: revati one ?
User 1: haan
User 2: nothing he couldn't read anything you texted him bas 
User 1: you texted bitch
User 2: you said you were
User 1: you also texted na . and you sent him a pic
User 2: theek hai woh . itna mat soch . i deleted it now . dude how did we get from blue waters to pearl city
User 1: took an auto . i paid i remember
User 2: chill hai phir
User 1: dinner kya scene
User 2: pragati toh aa pehle . we're mostly going to order indian . ayega ?
User 1: nahi rehende . khane ke liye utni door kyu aao
User 1: listen . i won't be able to come todag . i don't want to come to pragati
User 2: kuch hua kya 
User 1: in general man .  .
User 2: haan that's what i was thinking . but like nothing happened after that ma
User 1: i texted her last night about all the shit . she told that she'll talk tonight
User 2: bhai kyu kiya . little distance would have solved it
User 1: no man . i can't always be the asking for her time . if she does something about her time management then well and good else fuck this shit
User 2: hmm . aaj sort karlena raat ko
User 1: haan . chal padhai . kar . tanvi and i broke up . for real . abhi jaa aur agar pooja hogi toh jsse bolna study table pe hogi meri manual . le aa bhai
User 2: and if tanvi is there then ?
User 1: tell her to give my manual . that's all . zadq baat mat kario
User 2:  . cook
User 1: abhi jaa raha hain ?
User 2: i'm here
User 1: who is there at home ? . her home
User 2: she was there . bhai book nahi chod rahi thi . she's like did he talk to you and all
User 1: tune kya bola
User 2: dinner pe batata hu . send the groups link i'll join through that
User 1: follow this link to join my whatsapp group: bc kitna drama . send cn notes na
User 2: ha
User 1: oye . kya kar raha hain
User 2: se
User 1: kuch batana hain
User 2: sup
User 1: i have a little crush on arusha
User 2: hilake soja
User 1: chill i went tell her . i won't tell her . isse accha kuch bata deta
User 2: kabse hai
User 1: lol lady sem . last
User 1: i can't date her or tell her this
User 2: all of us really fucked up last sem . man katega tera uske saath . won't make sense trying
User 1: ik
User 2: plus trust me you don't wanna date itna south bombay
User 1: i dint want to date her man . tbh she's not my type
User 2: hookup boi
User 1: very very messy
User 2: i like
User 1: no scene . she is a good friend boi
User 2: toh kya karna hai bc . now that your single aur zyada nahi jayega . you'll have too much time to think
User 1: let this pass . lol hookup with anyone but her
User 2: nothing just passes . force it out . sampada is the only one not done from someone from my group . gg
User 1: no no no
User 2: out of all our leagues . might as well
User 1: she is also a good friend :(
User 2: you don't talk to her
User 1: literally every day
User 2: dafuq . better . go for it
User 1: soja bhai . tu aur galat idea de raha hain meko
User 2: she is not after four shots
User 1: asshole
User 2: all arusha to set you up
User 1: hmm . bro harshit ya arav ki lab hain kya abhi ?
User 2: you need the manual ?
User 1: haan
User 2: harshit doesn't . arav will be late anyways
User 1: uski lab hain ?
User 2: don't know . wait i'll ask jeet
User 1: kisi tarah bhejwade . main le lunga . application example: valve game software hain apne ko ?
User 2: no
User 1: thanks mate . idk man . i don't mind coming but what if we end up not doing anything productive . i haven't done much till now
User 2: nah nah we'll do . there isn't much . come by one thousand, one hundred and forty-five
User 1: ok fine i'll come to the library . it's not like i'm dying anything productive now . i'll come be 1ish .
User 2: abbe . too late . room mai pad
User 1: yaar i'm doing uml now . you going or not ?
User 2: i don't wanna go alone
User 1: then you also come by 1ish . but then again dude we won't find place to study therr .
User 2: padle chal . yo
User 1: chutiya hain kya wo ! . i get it now
User 2: next time somiya tells or asks you anything related to me secretly, pass the message on 
User 1: dude fu . not happening . i asked her then also if jenit knows about this and she said no and she doesn't want you to know it as well . that's why i never said anything
User 2: that's when you tell
User 1: khali khali apne dono ki relationship ki maa ki mat kar
User 2: i won't confront obviously
User 1: it probably won't happen . she already feels bad for putting me through this .
User 2: what did she say . did she say something after everything got sorted
User 1: you don't need to know that . that's between me and her .
User 2: boll
User 1: not much . i asked her if she is fine and all . that's all
User 2:  .
User 1: it doesn't even include you .
User 2: bolde abhi nahi toh i'll overthink . please . fbhenskxjcne
User 1: don't be a kid . fap and sleep off
User 2: bolde
User 1: bhai tere se realted bhi nahi hain . honestly
User 2: say . i'm not gonna tell her man . if i start over thinking the bi notes won't be made
User 1: it's only six and seven na btw ?
User 2: yes
User 1: she feels bad about the entire thing and the way it turned out . she doesn't want to loose either one of us and she doesn't wanna risk her relationship as well . ugly position
User 2: i told her that instead of keeping things out of mind . rather acknowledge it and accept it and move on . kya bole . let's try to keep it normal now . apne aap theek hogi
User 1: wah kya advice di hi  guru
User 2: it's good . what did tanvi say about arusha btw
User 1: plus she trusts me anyday .
User 2: so basically with arusha is it just like a guy thing ? . like just hookup kind of thing
User 1: nothing bro
User 2: tell man
User 1: it's not .
User 2: then it's proper like like thing ?
User 1: no dude . she is a good friend i guess . i don't wanna screw up . plus it's not fair to tanvi if i start dating or seeing someone right away .
User 2: all that aside . dimaag mai kya hai . i'm asking all this because when i told somiya about my thing at the start, i very subtly told her that it was just a physical thing for me . i think she missed that . i don't think even you knew
User 1: i didn't
User 2: same for you ? .  .
User 1: idk . zada kuch nahi hain . it's already going now
User 2: how's it with tanvi
User 1: what with tanvi ?
User 2: how's it going
User 1: fine only . kal jab tune bt di then i talked to her . to ask if i did the right thing or not . we talk and all . it's chill
User 2: maine bt diya ? . bkl marunga
User 1: nahi bhai theek hain itna chalta hain tu bura mat maan mere yaar . lunch ke liyr chalna hain kahi ? . anushka aur arusha aur main shayad lunch ke liye jaa rahe hain . tu bhi aja
User 2: dafuq . why such a weird combo
User 1: y dont we hang wala
User 2: sab ?
User 1: i think . anushka is doin drama now
User 2: same
User 1: samw kya same
User 2: i'm doing drama . kal pene ka kya scene
User 1: on hain . kahi bhi chalo
User 2: cool . acha tomorrow we are going to the library after paper
User 1: why
User 2: somiya didn't make chapter seven notes but she studied it so she will teach that . and i'll send chapter six notes in a while
User 1: sup
User 2: first thing in chapter three is the windows part na
User 1: 3 .4 .6
User 2: cool
User 1: oye you alright na ?
User 2: yeah what's up
User 1: arey with all that happened last day . teko baat karna hoo toh kabhi bhi call karle . bas meko gali mat dena warna thook dunga
User 2: it's all done and moved past from . chill have
User 1: good . hey . what scene ? . i'm planning on ditching parv plan . bc reply
User 2: no . we are going rhere
User 1: i made rev talk to parv . they're going to parvs at 7:15 ish
User 2: yeah . we'll leave by six hundred and forty-five
User 1: seven
User 2:  .
User 1: everyone is going to 7 . why do you want to go early
User 2: okay
User 1: i even talked to arusha . he told her 7:15 . apparently
User 2: yeah around that
User 1: trivedi called . she is also coming with us
User 2: goodshir
User 1: anyone but her . anyone but arusha:( . how are you ?
User 2: what happened with her when you left . i'm not good
User 1: her ? . kal baat karenge
User 2: i don't want to talk about it . arushi . what happened
User 1: hookup only . tg
User 2: but arusha saw it
User 1: what did she say ? . arusha
User 2: nothing . i don't remember
User 1: thinj . i gotta talk ti arusha man
User 2: about the thing ?
User 1: no man
User 2: then whay
User 1: about this thing
User 2: the hookup or the crush
User 1: hookup
User 2: somiya told you ? . baat hui abhi . i'm going to tell dikshita before class
User 1: ok
User 2: send siddharths number
User 1: why ?
User 2: i'll tell him that it was blown out of proportion and that it is pointless and he can sort it out with somiya
User 1: just wait for a while till you talk to siddharth about this . let him talk to somiya first
User 2: he isn't replying much or answering her calls . i'll tell him before dikshita and i talk . i shouldn't text na
User 1: so you'll call ?
User 2: text maybe
User 1: ok
User 2: i do na
User 1: i would say wait for a while . but the delay might affect your relationship . your call mate
User 2: cool
User 1: don't tell anyone about my thing with arushi
User 2: i told dikshita . oops
User 1: dude you have to tell her to not tell anyl . both of them are ij e . bt max
User 2: she lives right opposite divya . you fucked
User 1: also can you cover for me with the parv thingy . anyway you have to give me two hundred and eighty
User 2: why
User 1: booze . the vodka and beer . :)
User 2: oh yeah . i was gonna ask you about that i forgot . i asked parv let's see
User 1: chill hain . if it wasn't about the parv message even i would have forgotten
User 2: hogaya chill hai parv me saayh
User 1: kya bola tune usse ?
User 2: what did you and arushi do after leaving
User 1: fo i'm not telling you details
User 2: what base . and where . 
User 1: not telling you . not telling you
User 2: fine
User 1: dude tbh i want to keep this hookup very very low key
User 2: why her man . muskaan and i saw you . arusha knows
User 1: it's ok . you guys don't talk to anyone about it . arusha is chill . :)
User 2: what did she say
User 1: that it's completely ok .
User 2: you said yesterday tera phirse increase ho raha hai crush
User 1: i said the ulta
User 2: no
User 1: yes . :) . jenit bt mat de . bhuk lagi hain tuje ?
User 2: fine then i guess you don't like her then . yes . i'm already high
User 1: i don't have a crush on her anymore .
User 2: okay
User 1: ssup
User 2: bt
User 1: kyw hua
User 2: i can't believe i'm such a big option for somiya
User 1: did you talj to diks ?
User 2: did she reply
User 1: she landed fifteen mins ago . you're not texting her today . don't force her . give her some space and i'll talk to her .
User 2: i'm not texting for sure . but what did she reply
User 1: she hasn't replied yet .
User 2: let me know . bata toh de kya hua . bolega mc . tell
User 1: she didn't reply
User 2: okay
User 1: bhai tu rukh thora
User 2: yep
User 1: i'll talk to som on saturday araam se . you don't talk to her all this while . cn aur os meri proxy laga dena . maine teri os main lagai thi . dare if you be a mofo pussaag . pussayy
User 2: cn no scene . os i'll try . cn hogaya
User 1: os ?
User 2: he was going to each and every table and taking attendance there
User 1: you had one job yaar
User 2: dude he was asking each and everyone their roll number
User 1: how are you ?
User 2: you also have one job . do it over the weekend . dikshitankept asking why are you sad i was like i'm not . so it's pretty clear . i miss her
User 1: don't be gay now
User 2: i'm being serious but okay . baat hui kuch bhi usse ?
User 1: i told na saturday i'll talk about you .
User 2: normal baat
User 1: woh main apne se kar raha hoon . normal . that's usually very less
User 2: chal theek hai . kal baat karle
User 1: bhai chill maar . saturday sham ko karunga . i've already told her .
User 2: told her what . and how worsened
User 1: that i'll call her and talk about everything . :) . leqving her on blue ticks .
User 2: what did she say . no replies at all ? . what's the status
User 1: no:( . she said ok !
User 2: tell her i miss her
User 1: chutiya kam desperate ho
User 2: dude i feel very bad about it too . i told dikshita also that i miss her . as a friendn . so glad parents are here now
User 1: could have tried to keep it in yoyr pants . anyway i'm here for you always .
User 2: sacchi dude . but like try your best to sort my scene
User 1: skr skr . are you saving it all ? . at least some .
User 2: two donuts are left . brownies rakhta hu chal
User 1: waa
User 2: donuts not possible
User 1: rehnede . i'll try to get krispy kreme from blr . but the problem is that they are available only in the departure there ij blr .
User 2: nikalnr se pehle lele . or you can't leave your flight ?
User 1: my flight from kol to blr . and then bus from blr
User 2: dafuq . blr mai city sai try to get
User 1: lol . i'll get something or the other that's nice . what did you tell her ?
User 2: nope . he was just fucking aroumd
User 1: what was it ? . bhai tu revati ko bt dena band kar . stop bringing up rudhran while you're drunk . baad main scene hota hain
User 2: you know i do it purposely right . even when i'm sober . i like being that sadist 
User 1: mat kar . baad main kuch zada scene hota hain
User 2: trko bt mili ?
User 1: haan
User 2: fine fine . chill hai . sort kariyo
User 1: tu kya kar raha hain parents ke sath ?
User 2: they left at 9 . phuka phir  . tomorrow she's calling people for lunch . she's coming . miss tera . tru
User 1: siddharth decided to give it a shot but he's not sure yet . i don't see any way to help now . i think you should wait . because if siddharth finds out that somiya and  you trying to again figure out things he might completely switch off .
User 2: i wont try . you try . you gave me your word . if somiya doesn't wanna talk about it then fine . but try . i can't give up easily
User 1: anyway i'll talk you her . and ask her about everything . plus i'll try my best to get you guys together by the end of this sem .
User 2: talk to her tomorrow and let me know what's happening exactly
User 1: ;) i'll die for you also bruh . do you know about the dt evacuation from two dayd ago ?
User 2: no wtf
User 1: a friend of tanvi saw her pepper spray and he sprayed a little in the air to do i don't know what . seconds after that entire dt was choking  and they emded up evacuating the place .
User 2:  . my parents aren't getting jain food only anywhere  . sad days truly . i was thinking of leaving tits and memes also
User 1: gaand mara bhai . jo karna hain karlo . messe puchte hi kyoon hoon
User 2: why you blaming me bruh . i'm giving her space likenyounsaid . exactly how i felt when you two spoke without me lol
User 1: amazing feels
User 2: you better fucking fix it . a lot of pressure on you
User 1: there is no turning back jenit bro . somiya has made up her mind apparently .
User 2: what'd she say . ss . what did you say . ss bhej man . aadh aadha nahi chaiye . bata . bata
User 1: sending . some nw issue
User 2: this is old . what new issue . you gotta reply faster man . thanks for saying her relationship is more important than my friendship
User 1: jenit think practically .  se socha na toh marunga . dikshit ya main ? . dikshita ya main
User 2: i'm talking about friendship with somiya and not crush . beech mai kya baat hua uska toh bhej
User 1: yeh bata
User 2: my top people are all equals .  . bro . bhej
User 1: fucking diplomatic . ik it's dikshita and i'm not hurt .
User 2: fine deep down i know she should select sid but you're not supposed to say that to her . beech ke bhej bc
User 1: jenit woh mere liye utna hi important jitna ki tu . obviously tu thoda zada important hain . i can't be unfair to her . or you as well
User 2: wtf . i am not asking that . what are you saying . tu bhej na ss
User 1: ruk i'll send later
User 2: now
User 1: rn i'm talking to her .
User 2: phone ? . or text
User 1: text .
User 2: accha okau . then send me everything . yes i've gone through a bad break up . but rn i need a middle man not a friend . can you please be that . just this once
User 1: dude wtf . i'm a friend not a fucking middle man . i'm trying to fix things between you people because i want you all to be together . if i was a middle man then i'd sell you to somiya even if it means deceiving her . but i can't do that na jenit .
User 2: exactly what i want . but yes i understand your position . ss bhejde bhai
User 1: turn your head around the fact that i can't be unfair to you and somiya .
User 2: i know that dw . i'm not gonna ask again . and rn i'm pretty fucking down and angry . pit jayega . phir
User 1: she got mad at me . for intruding so mucg
User 2: you need to send full screenshots . i'm getting very fcuking tired . maa ke laude kafi bt de raha hai tu . i can't get full closure with your half ass chats
User 1: no i don't . i'm trying my best here and get that . go to sleep and try to accept the fact that somiya isn't coming back . dude it's not the end of the world . the way you're trearing me makes me question that are you even interested in being friends with me . do you want somiya around jyst because you have a crush on her ? . bhai dimag se soch  se nahi . she is thinking practically . she doesn't hate you but she hates you for the way you treated the entire thing . that's the worst i can say to you rn .
User 2: i'm not treating you like anything . it's just that i need to know everything before accepting anything . if i see it i will believe it
User 1: she doesn't want to be friends anymore .
User 2: how did i treat the thing wtf . dude can you just send the screenshots . i will understand everything through those . what's wrong with you .
User 1: she said it specifically . i asked her if that's a forever thing because she mighr breakup with sid sometime later and end up loosing two people .
User 2: dude you need to send screenshots . you're telling me one out of ten things and then you expect me to understand . i don't want paraphrasing . i need clarity
User 1: there are mean things that are said about you and i can't let you know then .
User 2: no . wtf . just tell me . i'll be okay with honesty . you know that's how i prefer kt
User 1: jenit the clarity is that somiya ain't coming back . she has made ger decision . she doesn't want to be friends with you because you're complicating her life .
User 2: yeah fjnen
User 1: dude my nana is sleeping right next to me
User 2: send the fucking screenshots
User 1: :( . can't talk . jenit pls no .
User 2: trust me rishab i haven't been this fucked in the head since 12tg . you're tipping me over the edgr . end sems ki maa chud jayegi
User 1: accept it . i have clearly stated the reasons cited by somiya .
User 2: you send me the screenshots and i will understand through those . rishab . 
User 1: rukh
User 2: bhej . waiting . waiting . yep . thanks . i'm collecting courage to read it in
User 1: don't open now . all of them haven't gone yet .
User 2: achha okay i'll waiy
User 1: dude just read it . airtel is fucked up . i thinks images repeated . just manage man . i sent everything . jenit text . jenit . bhai you need to move on . that's the right thing . you have friends . you don't need a million kf them . 4-5 kafi hain . and trust me i'm always going to be there for you .
User 2: i don't understand why you keep saying get over somiya . i don't like her anymote . i told her that too . it's just losing friends is not easy . so no . she deserves a mourning periof . i don't care if she can't give two shits about me
User 1: get over somiya as in get over the fact that she's not friends anymore . despo mat van
User 2: man i explain how bad this is even for me . chill hai . hojayega
User 1: ego bachi hain na ?
User 2: fuck . ego bol diya .  . but nah
User 1: haan ego
User 2: nahi bachi hai .
User 1:  fekung
User 2: i am very vulnerable with y'all
User 1:  ke bacche
User 2: she took advantage of that . can't help . chill hai ab kya karu
User 1: dude she's a bitch . i'm telling ya
User 2: fucking female gender hi ganda hai
User 1: sahi main bhai . tu bhi breakup karle
User 2: rukh ha
User 1: kar raha hain ?
User 2: hat be
User 1: tujhe bhi bandiya milingi bhai . maan meri baat . :) . ss mat padh bhai . ku kar raha hain . mat padh . peace kf mind milega
User 2: i want to know how eomiya really is behind my back and after so much bylt . bt
User 1: jenit kya faida dekh ke
User 2: friendship strong hoti toh itna easy given up nahinhua
User 1: dikshita se baat karle . dil halka ho jayega
User 2: even she is saying don't read
User 1: mat padh na chutiye . dost kam nahi ho jayenge tere nahi padh ke
User 2: breathe
User 1: fuck i forgot
User 2: whay
User 1: fuck i forgot to breathe
User 2: drink water while you're at it . i'm shook rn . i can't believe the things she said about me
User 1: yaar main kya bolu abhi
User 2: kya gando gandi cheeze boli hai . slow fucking claps
User 1: main kya karu yaar usne boli hain :(
User 2: send screenshots after one thousand, one hundred and forty-six pm . after you sent her ss from our chat .  . so after sessionals what it was, was  rona
User 1: maa chudai bhai farak padta hain kya
User 2: yeh kar plis
User 1: after that we talked about me . arushi . tanvi . and all
User 2: oh . what's happening tho . with her mainly for
User 1: she is chill really . but ugly :(
User 2: nope i don't approve of this . stop talking to her ew
User 1: what am i supposed to tell people when they ask why you and somiya don't talk ?
User 2: ask her . what did she say
User 1: i've asked her . yet to get a reply .
User 2: let me know what she saus and then follow it
User 1: oh i have a story we could sell to people
User 2: i am not gonna support any story
User 1: at least hear me out . pls bro
User 2: what
User 1: too insensitive now that i think of
User 2: tell
User 1: ok i mean it as a home only . joke
User 2: bolde
User 1: tune somiya ko cheda tha  . bhai koi halka fulka stpry tu hi bana le
User 2: nope . ask somiya . she made all the decisions anyway . on . ok
User 1: nupur looks pregnant in this
User 2: tu bahut dekh raha hai
User 1: is she ? 
User 2: parv baap
User 1: wait what . oh lol
User 2: they've fucked
User 1: parv dated her ? . and it bothers you ? . sure as hell it sounds like that .
User 2: duh . wtf . lel
User 1: maa ka pyaar mil raha hain .  ?
User 2: kafi
User 1: same . skr skr . assignment dates ?
User 2: tu padh raha hai ? . pata nahi dates
User 1: no . bilkul bhi nahi boi
User 2: nikal raha hu bhai
User 1: bhai main bhi usme
User 2: deletee . d
User 1: maa ka  . you coukd have archived it . dude with all of this, the way you've been treating all this makes me question . ki am i important or not to you . honestly
User 2: i sent you the screenshot for a reason . hai bc isliye i was taking your help
User 1: just because somiya se panga ho gaya isliye pic hata do . jaise main toh hoon hi nahi
User 2: i don't want negativity on my . timeline
User 1: fo
User 2: okay
User 1: oye . kaisa chal raha hain
User 2: i left after the first two lectures . we made eye contact for 0 .5s and then she just looked away and left the class for break
User 1: y . emo ?
User 2: main reason was because i have attendance . but when i entered the class i felt pretty lost . bc koi dost hi nahi the . so yeah
User 1: arusha
User 2: i shall befriend arusha and revati
User 1: revati
User 2: eventually . i sat next to her only . but i felt the hate dude
User 1: parv
User 2: even though after reading the texts i really don't care about somiya, i don't like the negativity .  . shit i can't even watch game of thrones because i'm so sad . that's new . soch raha hai . thanks for the reply :(
User 1: arey bhai chill maar . i slept all day
User 2: party all night . bhai you're going to miss the test tomorrow
User 1: what test ?
User 2: accha nevermind no test tomorrow . we're going to get fucked for end sems . urgh . arusha invited me to her party today . lol
User 1: y . lol
User 2: assignments lab tests lab exams and end sems . all in a row . will somiya be there urgh
User 1: will make sure som is there
User 2: wtf why
User 1: scene fam ! scene
User 2: what
User 1: mazak tha . most prolly somiya is gonna be there . at least be invited . kya kar raha hain tu abhi
User 2: fuck . i won't have anyone to hang out with . remember i'm gonna be with you only mostly
User 1: bhai hain tu ro mat
User 2: so if she's fine with that she's welcome . deadlock of a single resource lol
User 1: bhai uski party main time hain . 9th ko hain na
User 2: what do you think might happen till then lol
User 1: tu dikshita ke sath khush hain na ?
User 2: yes
User 1: badiya
User 2: what you saying
User 1: she took the entire you and somiya thing very maturely
User 2: yep . what does this mean
User 1: there is like a ton of time before arusha's party . don't fuck up with dikshita .
User 2: i know that but what are you implying . that's chill
User 1: dronaid ko mila
User 2: five lakh ? ! . bata de . kya delete kiya bc
User 1: tanvi hooked up twice since last tuesday . sucks
User 2: even you did . it's just a phase
User 1: yep i guess .
User 2: did you tell her about arushi
User 1: yep . after that she told me
User 2: i mean you kept from her so she did too . chill hai
User 1: yep
User 2: tu toh yeh sab sirf somiya ke saath discuss karta hai what to do 
User 1: yeh mat kar abhi . i texted both of you all at the sams second
User 2: jk . don't stress about tanvi . it's just a phase after a breakup . dude you need to to her if you don't wanna get back together
User 1: dude my life is so fucked up . last sem and this sem both . i tried to put in way too much . austria ke sath bhi wahi his . hua . i prepared so much for it . people around me are achieving so much . somiya got schneider . you did a pretty good internship . got through schneider . even arusha is doing so well with iaeste . all this website and shit . i thought it'll help me at some point . kuch kam nahi aa rahe hain . i'm taking down my website tomorrow
User 2: abbe toh kuch accha itni jaldi nahi aata hai . even i had this failure feeling phase . just relax . take a step back . self contemplate . your situation might not be as bad as you think . make plans for the december vacation from now only . give up karke matlab nahi hai . you've spent too many hours on your website to just take it down . like you said, only average people got schneider . and arusha had already told you that austria is a difficult one . bc at least you are the head of ai . i've never even been part of a club
User 1: bhai marena join karna hain for nov ?
User 2: stfu . yeah sab negativity don't need it
User 1: coordinate with gadia for proxy . mkl meko chahiye aaj attendance
User 2: yepp . you got 9 .5 in bi
User 1: bc nai janna tha . tuje kitna mila
User 2: 10 .5 . today was toh too awkward with her
User 1: why
User 2: i asked divya for water . and she gave it to somiya to pass . toh we exchanged the bottle without eye contact . lol . then eye contact hua
User 1: lol
User 2: then ca mai i purposely took too much space so she doesn't get to take the paper . toh usne haath beech mai se dalke liya
User 1: why are you being an asshole ? . just be normal na
User 2: bhai itna accha bana . trusted her with so many things many people don't know and then she's like good riddance . hat bc
User 1: and i promise you your secrets are safe . no one will know
User 2: what'd you mean . and i'm not scared about the secrets . it's just very hurting that someone i trusted itna talks in such a way about me
User 1: ok that sucks
User 2: hmm . baat hui kuch aaj ? . what you doing about this
User 1: keep my lab manual in your bag now only . i'm going to mcd for breky . wanna come ?
User 2: alone ?
User 1: most prolly
User 2: chalo
User 1: bhej bhai . cover letter . gg
User 2: oi ca ke notes hai ? . somiya se mangkar bhej
User 1: nahi
User 2: why not
User 1: i mean nahi hain uske pass
User 2: damn . chill hai chal
User 1: padh le . tere pass toh time bhi hain . notes bana ke meko bhej
User 2: i'll attend only 4:30 lecture tomorrow so i'm gonna make all tomorrow . dude you need to teach me this part in gns3 . do you have it in your laptop . you in class ? . you didn't mind me staying back even though you said that somiya and i are leaving together na
User 1: nope . if you're not awkward i'm ok with that
User 2: please tell her she need not be so awkward . we both are your friends and no one should suffer
User 1: that's a good thing to say jenit !
User 2: tell her that her and me are going to be around a lot . learn her to just make her peace with it . and learn to live together
User 1: okay
User 2: trying to make things normal
User 1: listen i'm in the middle of something sith tanvi rn .
User 2: also you sure your crush from arusha has gone ? just asking . let me know if i can help
User 1: sorry can't talk now . yep
User 2:  . send camscan when you complete chapter nine na
User 1: kal class main kar lena . i just realised i have studied this chapter . mostly i'll make notes in the morning . so in the class cam scan it .
User 2: pacca ?
User 1: you just read it once .
User 2: is the chapter big
User 1: not so big .
User 2: chill hai phir . how's it with tanvi . try to get cn chapter five pictures from your roommate na . yo . can i text tanvi for cigarettes
User 1: she's not home now . she's coming back tomorrow
User 2: chill hai
User 1: skrr
User 2: right now ? . bulata yaar
User 1: yep
User 2: are you gonna send the chapter five cn pdf . ek kaam nahi hota terese
User 1: agli baar limit main
User 2: fine i won't all . ask
User 1: wah
User 2: somiya is gonna go to dikshitas room for notes for siddharth . loll
User 1: cn ka portion kya hain . in 5 .2 only 5 .2 .2 is there ?
User 2: not . one two three
User 1: kya bol raha hain chutiya
User 2: 5 .2 .1 5 .2 .2 5 .2 .3
User 1: thike
User 2: your dominoes trick worked . lol
User 1: maine bhi abhi order kiya . hopefully they fuck up
User 2: hoga
User 1: kitna late the ?
User 2: not much . it was pretty close
User 1: besharam bc
User 2: did you do through swiggy
User 1: cn till what have you made notes ?
User 2: i'm on controlled access . divya hebbar just came over to take the bong  . dude is it fine if i study how to make concurrent servers using only fork and not that long wala code . or were the questions very specific ?
User 1: they could be specific
User 2: fuck it . do you know the se portion
User 1: lol
User 2: listen
User 1: wassup . i'll send the pic in a while . need someone with a camera
User 2: cool . thanks lol
User 1: lol kis chiz ka bkl . from ch five in cn what's the end sem portion ?
User 2: don't know what's after 5 .5 .1
User 1: going for os ?
User 2: bunking first half
User 1: cool . all the best for the exam . you got the addressing na ?
User 2: thanks . didn't try but hojayega . i wasn't getting dns so i did that . sup
User 1: you have to havd four subnets . otherwise the interfaces will overlap . the question is right only .
User 2: how
User 1: my roommate said this . he's solving it rn or he has already done it .
User 2: okay
User 1: what scene tonight ?
User 2: onesta .  before and after that . hopefully
User 1: hahahha maze kar
User 2: tera  ?
User 1: pata nahi no scene as of now
User 2: pragati aaja
User 1: kya karunga aakar . waise bhi run pe jane ka soch raha hoon
User 2: fuck youn
User 1: at malpe maybe
User 2: how will you go to malpe
User 1: scooter . but fuck it not today
User 2: good decision
User 1: i'll go someday in the morning . oye . going for bia na ?
User 2: i have three bunks left . planning to bunk
User 1: hey . i need your cn lab manual . second part can be easily done with brute force . 1st part is damn chill . 2nd part is nothing related to do or greedy . you can use brute force to generate all subsets . and check for max
User 2: i did it in a easier way . but in the second part you had to call the first part . that's what i didn't do
User 1: it's not written in the question
User 2: output mai likha tha
User 1: rudhran is back ha
User 2: he's at pp
User 1: have fun . sham ka kya scene
User 2: i'll let you know
User 1: what about titos . i wanna go out and have a peaceful dinner with lil booze . these people might be in . anyway lemme knka
User 2: yess
User 1: what scene ? . i owe you 300smth . pay you tom
User 2: just three hundred
User 1: or i can tez harshit . auto and shit
User 2: just tez harshit whatever amount . actually don't . usje account mai bahut credit hogaya hai
User 1: decide kar
User 2: give tomorrow . also you didn't tell me about the tanvi thing . 1 .1, 1 .2, 1 .3 . please refer to the content i had covered in the class . also discuss with the other sections for any additional topics . somiya blocked me on whatsapp loll . where are you
User 1: scissors . what's up
User 2: cocks and mocks and the detee
User 1: no no . got to study man
User 2: i'll study tomorrow
User 1: you havs only one lab . i got two labs . plus tomorrow night i have a party at zeal where i have to go .
User 2: i'll complete cn tomorrow . and then os till before the exam . whose
User 1: kamra, sidhant, kunal
User 2: tibrewal ?
User 1: no no . a guy from cce
User 2: chill hai
User 1: just let him know that i dont have any notes of his . somiya
User 2: pussy can't even say it face to face
User 2: sucks you still talk to her . i sometimes wanna cut her some slack and sometimes wanna choke her life out
User 1: you're drunk . soja .
User 2: fuck that cunt tbh
User 1: listen . thoda araam se
User 2: fuck you then
User 1: soch ke baat kar bhai . kuch bhi bolega kya . hate her whatever . don't say such things out loud at least na
User 2: you heard me .
User 1: listen . you're a nice guy and she is also a nice girl . you both had a very huge fight but that doesn't change who you all are . don't try to ruin somiya for me .
User 2: you were just too blind to see her true character during the fight .
User 1: she is very self centered jenit .
User 2: if you so blind i won't even try
User 1: she knows it .
User 2: i know now too
User 1: i knew it from it from 3rd sem .
User 2: ok
User 1: but i have made my peace with it . i would never make her chose bw me kr something else because ik how it will turn out .
User 2: i'm not asking you either
User 1: if you had made peace with it nack then, then it would have hurt you less honestly . but there is no point crying over split milk now
User 2: i'm not hurt rn tbh
User 1: you're happy in your life anyway .
User 2: just confused . like how fucked up it got . you're too biased i feel
User 1: jenit if i have to really choose i'll chose you . because she is too self centered and you're the opposite
User 2: sure
User 1: do you want me to stop talking to her
User 2: nope . just something about her attitude annoys me . she doesn't want people to help her when she needs it
User 1: lol . apratim and vasvi back at it . again
User 2: how do you know ? . hookup ?
User 1: the other day they were walking back and holding hands . 
User 2: ew
User 1: deepest condolences to my hoi harshit
User 2: he got over her long ago actually
User 1: our boi is balling . so good for him @apratim
User 2: true dat
User 1: make sure unka zeal ka plan na bane
User 2: why . what happened
User 1: come to mcd now . bfast
User 2: who all
User 1: sirf main hoon
User 2: have fun . 
User 1: bkl four log hote toh aata . aur jab akela hoon toh nahi ayega
User 2: probably . i just woke up man
User 1: agli baar nahi puch raha tuje
User 2: aww
User 1: star karle isse
User 2: i just woke up man
User 1: then why was this even a factor ? !
User 2: chill out . i was sleepy
User 1: are you meeting dikshita today ? . i need my earphones . you can give it to her
User 2: what . i don't know what you're saying
User 1: there are jbl earphones on your table . look
User 2: she took them by mistake . text her directly
User 1: dikshita ?
User 2: yes
User 1: cool . last night i dumped tanvi . like for good
User 2: wtf . why man
User 1: she said that aiesec and me are equally important . i understand if academics is abovr me . and it should . but this is bullshit
User 2: no mam . so why'd you break up
User 1: i can't keep competing with aiesec for her time . meri self respect hain . chutiye ke jaise har time time nahi maang sakta . when we got back together she confessed to it and she was like i'll change . she didn't . so dumped her
User 2: intense . how are you . how is she
User 1: she didn't want it . but i couldn't make myself sacrifice so much for nothing . so i feel much better noa . now . i didn't shed a single drop of tear bro :)
User 2: that's just sad . too hard
User 1: i don't regret it . all along i was ready to make sacrifices for the relationship in return for quality time .
User 2: bapre . chill karo
User 1: ik i did not screw up . she knows that she did .
User 2: did she try to save it
User 1: she said she wants to . but no actions . so i was like tu bas bol, kqr kuch bhi nahi
User 2: bapre . come to pp
User 1: fuck no . that place is not good for me . just to much bt
User 2: never coming again ?
User 1: never . sorry dude . but mostly next sem i'll have an apartment . we can chill there 
User 2: chutiya . chapter seven cn ?
User 1: tu soja
User 2: arusha ke saath . oho
User 1: you don't say anything . otherwise i'm gonna fuck you up
User 2: how . are you sleeping the night with her ?
User 1: bkl soja . i'll tell you shit tomorrow
User 2: cool
User 1: stop texting arusha . ok ? . why are you up so late
User 2: fu . 70s show
User 1: watch that na
User 2: stop hooking up and tell me then lol
User 1: not now na man
User 2: couch par sona
User 1: lol . like last time . keeping it low key . don't tell anyone
User 2: okay . let's three of us go for breakfast
User 1: lol . os padhna hain
User 2: aja
User 1: i'm going for os lmao . nine bunks
User 2: i have 10
User 1: tu class mat aa . it's fine
User 2: tujhe intense discussion karna hai na . tell me finally what happened
User 1: you're not coming fod os .  ?
User 2: na man . should i
User 1: ten bunks hain tere . ku risk le raha hain khali khali
User 2: i'll come only if you tell what happened or no sense e
User 1: oks
User 2: abhi class nahi hai . idhar bata
User 1: shit sorry . you lost your chance bro
User 2: fuck you then
User 1: bc class ks liye aya . fir cancel kiya govardhan ne . uski mkc
User 2: lol . bol . tel
User 1: bhai we slept together but nothing happened . keep it to yourself . yo
User 2: sup . tell me your question . and others . tell
User 1: ku bt de raha hain bc
User 2: cant
User 1: cocks and mocks aja fir
User 2: don't want to man . all these people are busy . sessionals tomorrow and all
User 1: kiska
User 2: arav
User 1: tu aja
User 2: and harshit has project submissiom . and ria is also busy
User 1: accha dekh le tu
User 2: who are you going with
User 1: i thibk arusha is therr . and muskan maybe
User 2: have a good hook up
User 2: hoga ?
User 1: no
User 2: lol let me know
User 1: bola na no . no scene
User 2:  .
User 1: kuch nahi hoga . you knkw it now only
User 2:  .
User 1: kitna chutiya
User 2: how was the party
User 1: ekdam bekar . hardly people showed up . all of them were like theor friends only
User 2: lol . chill with arusha ?
User 1: lmao . han
User 2: kuch hua find ally . aa
User 1: aaj ja raha hain tu ?
User 2: yeah . you too right
User 1: dekta hoon xp . liver jawab de raha hain
User 2: aabbe . marunga . drink water from now
User 1: kal tune jo ditch kiya bkl
User 2: and we'll have beers at night . even i don't feel like drinking that much
User 1: i had legit four bottles of water since morning
User 2: you saw the party . you know the reason . skrr
User 1: 9:00 ?
User 2: cool
User 1: first of all, don't ask too many questions to arusha . we've talked about it and all your questions are supposed to come to me . second of all, somiya is going to be there . be normal . pretend
User 2: lol why is she coming . i'm toh normal only you know . need to get be some vredit
User 1: vredit ? . she is friends with arusha . longer than any of us honestly
User 2: credit . theek bhai chill
User 1: actually woh nahi aa rahi thi . i made arusha force her to coms . tu directly hi remix chale jana . campus se i think somiya, anuska, chantal aur main aa rahe hain . khali khali ulti direction pe ane ki zarurat nahi hain
User 2: y'all are four people
User 1: two autos i think . dekh le tuje aane ka man hain toh aaja campus
User 2: mai bhi aa jats hi
User 1: i'm not stopping . fine . 8:45 kc
User 2: you're being rude for no reason
User 1: tu aur somiya jana ek auto main . i genuinely said it very politely dude
User 2: party ke pehle gussa na kar . ok . is it fine if ria comes . she's not gonna drink anyway
User 1: she won't know anyone there . your call bro
User 2: she wants to meet hot guys lol
User 1: bruh .  . who's your best fren
User 2: you wanna ? . meko chalega
User 1: skrr
User 2: done
User 1: wait you telling her that ?
User 2: no
User 1: good . i mean whateva
User 2: nice . wtf happened last night
User 1: what do you mean ? !
User 2: tell me
User 1: 3rd base
User 2: you and ? . also i was talking about me r
User 1: not arushi
User 2: mai kya chutiyap kiya . who
User 1: i dint think so you fucked up last night
User 2: kiske saath kiya tu
User 1: obvio arusha
User 2: lol . weren't you gonna go to emerald
User 1: plan cancel go gaya i think
User 2: is arusha a virgin
User 1: that's not a question i ask when i make out jenit . you're not talking to arusha about this
User 2: obviously . what i'm saying is if she is, then don't 4th base . otherwise eh
User 1: i'm not hooking up with her anymore . i think
User 2: couldn't get your  hard so embarrassed ?
User 1: i can smell you burn . fo
User 2: why will i be jealous of you hooking up with arusha
User 1: ok
User 2: dude how did i get back
User 1: i dint even remember my night
User 2: lol
User 1: tera toh fucks bhi nahi deta main waise . jk
User 2: wah . theek . my room was such a mess in the morning . 
User 1: ulti maari tune ?
User 2: nope
User 1: haat light weight mkc . ok . chantal is actually hot
User 2: kaha dekha 
User 1: that night actually .
User 2: lol . kya padha
User 1: i'll start now properly . : . what about you ?
User 2: i tried os . only theory man . i cant
User 1: what did you study then ?
User 2: protection virtual memory and linux systems
User 1: aur kya kiya ?
User 2: finally had sex more than once in a day so that's there
User 1: lol first time . what loser
User 2: somiya hasn't done ab tak usko loser bol
User 1: surprised you never did it before . v sure she has done it bro . v surprised
User 2: you two never spoke about her sex life . we did so i know  . itni tharak nahi
User 1: itni stamina nahi hain bol mkl . l
User 2: f
User 1: wrong shots fired . big word . want a gatorade now ? . thak gaya hoga
User 2: don't be rude
User 1: send exam schedule . thanks . hey . cn ch 7 ?
User 2: the online copy had pages missing
User 1: you have the error free one ?
User 2: so i haven't made complete noted . no
User 1: : ok
User 2: your roommate has the book na . ask please . you deleted this message
User 1: zoor se bol sunai nahi diya
User 2: fuck yourseof
User 1: pdf mili kya . lmao
User 2: yeah lol
User 1: check karle
User 2: forwarded it to sahil already . lol
User 1: gaand chat le uski mkc
User 2: i don't have somiya to discuss things with so i make do with whatever :( . sad reax only
User 1: tu somiya se yeh sab discuss karta tha lmao . totally
User 2: study related stuff i mean
User 1: making it sadder my . only
User 2: hat be
User 1: you miss somiya so much . i'll let som know this
User 2: lol . bc i got two in the cn assignment that i copied
User 1: you have notes for ch one cn ?
User 2: yes boi
User 1: send . good shit thanks . how much is your os lab internals ? . are
User 2: fifty-eight os . fifty-seven algo . lol . you .  ? . man he gave me only 1420 in cn :
User 1: fifty-five because i missed two labs
User 2: oye . somiya ko bol to send her bi notes na lol
User 1: abey book se padh drama
User 2: have you seen how much we have
User 1: from bia book one it's not much . from 34 it's alot
User 2: are you asking her or should i . i have no shame fyi
User 1: i already asked her . she said she doesn't have bi notes :( . aorry bruh
User 2: har sessional mai toh tum dono ke pass hote hai . gg
User 1: she got four in bia second sessional dude
User 2: i also want to ask someone how much they have studied from my stream
User 1: messe toh puch hi mat . smd
User 2: don't be gay . dude . even divya knows about you and arusha lol
User 1: what did she say
User 2: someone told her that y'all did it at the party . many people know about it
User 1: it's alright . it wasn't just a drunk hookup . we both wanted it to happen .
User 2: lol to it will never happen again
User 1: it happened three times already in a weel .
User 2: i know about only two hm
User 1: oops . chup chap se ke notes bhej . sahil wale
User 2: i don't have se notes lol . are you gonna continue with her or what
User 1: you said you studied from the notes .
User 2: om xerox
User 1: oh fuck even i have that
User 2: aaj se sirf ca
User 1: i told her that i don't want this to turn into something and she agreed . she said that she doesn't mind hooking up once a  while . between you and me .
User 2: abbe . you're not some cocktail . ki once in a while try kare
User 1: that means it's ok if i hookup with someone else in between or smth . dude it's all chill .
User 2: tu bole toh
User 1: study ca . gtg . bye .
User 2: kind of pissing off that your thing got sorted out and mera kata
User 1: dude you're grades are amazing . this sem also you're getting 9 . you get something and you lose something else . :)
User 2: yeh sem nahi . word . ca kaha se karega
User 1: fucking hell
User 2: what happened
User 1: kya kar raha hain . timmy's aja
User 2: mark na
User 1: ese cheez bol jo samaj aaye
User 2: p3 instead of p1 where
User 1: in bottom most diagram
User 2: circle the thing man
User 1: nvm figured it out . oye . timmys chalna hain ?
User 2: abbe bc . abhi utha . fuck . chud gaya bhai . can't study 
User 1: koi nai somiya ke sath chala gaya main . kya baat haij aaj kafi chill kiya time . tune
User 2: how much did you study
User 1: not much
User 2: fuck yar  . how's somiyas
User 1: ca khatam uska
User 2: what's she doing then lol
User 1: revising again
User 2: bt
User 1: bikster ke is baar pakka 9 aa rahe hain . uske saare internals 40 hain . ten bhi aa sakte hain
User 2: wtf . yeh sab kaha sr . b . bc
User 1: se forty-nine
User 2: phir bolega ankur ke aa rahe hai . bt
User 1: bikram . uske bhi ayenge
User 2: plus tell me you're joking
User 1: 8 toh le hi ayega is baar
User 2: arre . fuck i'm studying now
User 1: ca uske forty-eight hain sorry
User 2: wtf
User 1: rip . sahil ke kitna hain 
User 2: dude his end sem project for ios app dev was so chutiya . what oes have you put
User 1: time hain abhi . chill kar . ca kuch nahi kiya main
User 2: bata par kaunse daal raha haj . i'm thinking solid state physics . or nanoscience . because we've already done those
User 1: we have two pe in 6th sem ? . or 1pe  1oe
User 2: two pe one oe . should i reply @somiya to your question on the group 
User 1: no . she hasn't seen the group in like one month
User 1: tera kya baki haib ?
User 2: i just read through the thing yesterday . today i'm doing everything properly . lol i asked somiya for notes in the morning lol
User 1: sounds v desperate .
User 2: seriously ? . i mean i asked three people i knew would have those notes . i knew she had them so
User 1: ya . she really doesn't seem to be letting things go this sem at least .
User 2: it's fine . it's not like i'm trying . mere kaam ho raha hai . kafi hai mereliye
User 1: how to prove that a barrel shifter has that exact number of extra links compared to mesh network !
User 2: i don't know where they got the 2n-1 from . each node is connected to 2n-1-4 more links than mesh . so that's how you get 2n-5 . and 2n-1  n2 . still don't understand this
User 1: do we need to know things like dirty line copyback, cache line fill ?
User 2: dude i didn't understand the state diagram only . i'm just doing the theory properly
User 1: lmao diagram easy hi hain
User 2: 2a ?
User 1: haan . maam ne karwaya tha . why do you neglect only a few links and keep other links even when it's not satisfying the conditions in the question statement
User 2: because question is framed that way . you are considering only subset of connections because of the question . because it's written that even goes to the next even . and odd goes to whatever it is connected to . so from one it will go to two and 3 . and from two it will go to only 4 . not three even though it is connected
User 1: it's written odd goes to next successor stage
User 2: it is connected to . even successor  whatever even stage it is connected to
User 1: so why is one going to 3 ? .  ? . that's what it means ?
User 2: yes
User 1: kaisa chutiya language hain
User 2: ek kam kar dusre logo se puchle phir . time waste mat kar phit
User 1:  ? . now it make sense . statement tha
User 2: oh lol . oosps . padha ?
User 1: payohima ja raha hoon abhi . thirty pehle toh soke utha
User 2:  . rip . f
User 1: bhai tu poora confuse hain . last wale main it's not the fin segment . it's the ack segment . it reuses the prev sequence no . just make one correction there and change that x1 to x and eight thousand and one to eight thousand everything will totally make sense
User 2: i'll see
User 1: 2nd segment is the correct one . last segment has a sequence x and not x1 . sir said
User 2: when
User 1: i asked somiya she said that the teacher said it in class . also this is what seems right . what is a traceroute program ? . tune kitna kar liya
User 2: 1,2,4 . i'll do five six seven ten also . baki nahi
User 1: book se ya slides ?
User 2: book
User 1: three aur 9 ?
User 2: three toh definitely won't do . nine i might do if i have time . she sucked your  too  . likhu group par ?
User 1: abbey chup . timmy's ana hain tuje ?
User 2: i'm too stressed today dude . weekend par for sure . aaj phati padi hai
User 1: in derivation of test cases using gralh matrix, what do the edges signify ?
User 2: which chapter is this . tell
User 1: last one :)
User 2: don't remember lol . how was se
User 1: pass ho jaunga
User 2: how much did you attempt
User 1: whu . wbu
User 2: tu bata . bol
User 1: sab hi kiya . 
User 2: wtf . i attempted thirty-seven 
User 1:  . i read ch three and went . like prop
User 2: someone on the group wrote that it's only for 2-3 marks . so i skipped it . arusha somiya nishchay ka ?
User 1: somiya ka bhi same . i think even arusha and nishchay did well only
User 2: bt
User 1: arusha said it was n ice
User 2: bi ka kya scene
User 1: klse . aaj maze
User 2: kidhar
User 1: tu bata kahi chalna hain ?
User 2: kal raat timmys
User 1: kal raay ku, 
User 2: i was sleeping till now
User 1: waa
User 2: tu kya kiya
User 1: sun 5:30 timmy's . waise bhi no one is studying now . literally everyone has been chilling from last night
User 2: kidhar
User 1: do min ruk . lipton pe hoon . raining . order one maggie for me pls . tu ayega dinner pe ?
User 2: i'm going with dikshjta na
User 1: haan plan mostly cancel hi hoga
User 2: just spoke to bhand tanvi .  . she was with this skinny dude . at pp
User 1: kaha pe ?
User 2: i think so . outside pp . jaun hai
User 1: going on or coming out of pp ? . farak padta hain kya . gandi shakal
User 2: going in . hookup ? . hai 
User 1: nahi padta bhai honestly
User 2: i meant gandi shakal toh hai
User 1: haan toh lead main hoon main fir . skr . arey he's a senior . aiesec . his name is daksh i think
User 2: yeah, he's probably down rn
User 1: ew gross
User 2: you don't say
User 1: ku na bolu bc . i was down somewhere else
User 2: who
User 1: not today . last night . 
User 2: cocks and mocks wali
User 1: :
User 2:  ?
User 1: haan . we just made out a bit
User 2: kitni bhai
User 1:  ?
User 2: which one is this . ladkiya
User 1: soc one . who offered bj once
User 2:  . noice . after exams
User 1: let's see . tu us plan ke liye in hain . kyu bt de raha hain
User 2: you cover my expenses and i'm in
User 1: we'll see
User 2: i legit have five hundred bucks
User 1: that's a new month fam
User 2: next pocket money ( not extra money) that i get will be in mumbai lol
User 1: abbey it can be fun dude
User 2: i actually don't mind . paise bro
User 1: tu abhi haan karle . uska dekh lenge kya karna haib
User 2: badme saab bt dege . can you cover tho
User 1: i can but i'll be broke after that 
User 2: dekhte hai chal
User 1: trivedi is also in . kal subah someone will do the booking . and you're included
User 2: dude the thing is i'm not asking anyone in the group for money . and i will not take even if they offer
User 1: yeah that's cool
User 2: so if you cover then in 
User 1: either i'll cover for you or you jugaad
User 2: mere already jugaad ho raha hai for electricity bill . i'm really telling that jugaad toh nahi
User 1: abey delete kar wo . apparently muskan might be coming . jaldi kar bhai
User 2: kiya . she's in biotech
User 1: haan . som ko bhej
User 2: i want to lol
User 1: bhejde . galat motivation
User 2: i texted her today only about the pe and oe . it's fine . negativity chaligayi
User 1: kya bola usne
User 2: i want her to stay at peace . coursera . and oe not decided
User 1: how big of you
User 2: she's nice . least she deserves . i feel like such a creep about the things i told her
User 1: two weeks ago you called her a bitch . yeah you're really fucked up man
User 2: bhai split personality scares aate hai mujhe
User 1: that's the entire millennial
User 2: tanvi is coming over . sup . she needs cigs . so then i called hrt . noo . she's alone . so i asked her her plans for now . she's like i tried passing out but didn't happen . so i told her to stay and smoke ip . boli . ol . pucha . not staying over . chilling for a while . is it fine . i'm like are you gonna sleep now and she's like i can't . so she's alone . what . harshit is also there . dude chill . bolde . bhai seedhe seedhe bolde . chill hai . i understand . i'm sorry for chilling with her . no sarcasm . you deleted this message . dude even i'm planning to take coursera . do you know where can i get the options changed
User 1: lol
User 2: i'll be fucked next semester otherwise . physics plus so many holidays that i'm taking
User 1: : talk to the academic director
User 2: what should i say in the mail
User 1: by mistake wrong options were filled out by you
User 2: i wasn't counting somiya 
User 1: ik you mf
User 2:  . ha e you seen the coursera wala course
User 1: nope
User 2: which one . they have six and five courses
User 1:  idk man
User 2: kya section c ka repeat hota hai . i didn't get it
User 1: dude . :
User 2: abbe bol be . exam time kitna irritate karta hai . bc teri chutiya jaise doubts solve karta hu . bol bsdk
User 1: araam se . their teacher told that post sesh questions repeat . tere se isliye nahi puchta hoon ab .
User 2: i really don't mind
User 1: why are you being so condescending
User 2: my head is aching and i have done five chapters . im irritated . so cool . chill
User 1: mkc cool gaand main daal
User 2:  . kitna padega
User 1: man . i don't think i can cover . month end hain . plus i have plans for tomorrow where i might have to spend a ton . :
User 2: i'll tell vidit to transfer my share after tonight is done
User 1: okay cool
User 2: where are you man
User 1: sup
User 2: kaha hai
User 1: hashtag . ded here . i'll bounce after a round here
User 2: bahut bt . you came too late
User 1: oye try to transfer two hundred and fifty to me na 
User 2: ha . dude nahi ho payega  . sorry . everyone is broke
User 1: this thing ? !
User 2: ha ya
User 1: fuck
User 2: it's just two hundred and fifty
User 1: : . haan thike . i mean even i'm broke now
User 2: kya plans hai tere
User 1: last night bought a bottle of black and white  . come to arusha's place at 4:30
User 2: ha and shots with somiya . dekha . accha hai bc . bulaya bhi nahi
User 1: it would have been awkward .
User 2: maine toh sahi see hi baat ki ussr . even she spoke properly . i feel you're the only one who insists on making it weird . it's kinda pissing off . and what problem you have with tanvi hanging out her . here . you are never clear . sahi see bolna chalu karle . ab reply bhi nahi karega
User 1: bhai bahar hoon . didn't process your messages till now :
User 2: gg . pearl city ? . what's up . kyu nahi aa raha hai
User 1: country inn
User 2: wtf . with whom
User 1: where are you all going ?
User 2: pearl citu . aaja . are you with a girl . we wanna smoke up in the country inn room
User 1: obvio
User 2: bt
User 1: xd
User 2: nikal usko
User 1: booty over 
User 2: which one tho
User 1: you don't know her
User 2: chal theek hai we are having breakfast here . come whenever possible
User 1: here ? ! ?
User 2: yep
User 1: you all came to country inn for brekkie ?
User 2: na
User 1: oh where did you all go ?
User 2: pearl city . who were you with
User 1: you still there ?
User 2: mope
User 1: a chic from foa .
User 2: left two hours ago
User 1: you don't know her mostly .
User 2: first name
User 1: trying to keep it low key . no .
User 2: arte chala jata chutiya
User 1: saare paise ek raat main uda diye lol
User 2: my point
User 1: got laid tho . xd . good sex . amazing sex actually . plus the rooms
User 2: i want to see the girl . itna already bol diya
User 1: yo come to pk . damn lit ha
User 2: wtf . you were there for anushkas party ? . like birthday ke like surprise
User 1: no no she got booze for the party
User 2: last night ? . is the party today or was it last nigbt
User 1: last night . parv's place
User 2: bt
User 1: bunch of people where there
User 2: why wasnt it on the group
User 1: were . idk man
User 2: lol . ripp
User 1: i think sohan bought the booze
User 2: aaj much ksrte hai
User 1: kya
User 2: kuch karte hai . plis phookle
User 1: haan haan
User 2: anushka will also come
User 1: kal kitna pooka . three bong shlts
User 2: mere saath to kabhi nahi
User 1: she gotta to leave at two i think . v bhand
User 2: i have already taken four since i woke up lol
User 1: said yes to everything literally . even nupur
User 2: did they make out . pretty decent
User 1: we
User 2: you made out with nupur ? !
User 1: umm hmm
User 2: wtf . which base
User 1: just made out a bit at dt . that's all . don't be so cheap ha . trivedi doesn't know
User 2: my boi . getting all them gals . noice
User 1: hahaha . don't tell anyone . aur kya plan aaj ?
User 2: nothing . come over
User 1: still broke kya ?
User 2: nope
User 1: no you come to emerald . damn nice place
User 2: whose place
User 1: gadia
User 2: no thanks
User 1: no one is there dude . arusha's being a bt . :
User 2: about the girl ?
User 1: did you all go to the beach yesterday ?
User 2: yes . was fun
User 1: how was she then ?
User 2: i didn't bring it up . even she knew . lol
User 1: how do you know that
User 2: the one time i mentioned it i knew it from her expression . phir nahi bolw . what is she saying
User 1: nothing . that's the probly . problem
User 2: abbe over actor . you wanted it casual . she's keeping it that way
User 1: i'll talk to her tonight . even she wanted it that way
User 2: your getting everything you want . don't . exactly . so chill
User 1: no dude she's being damn weird . like we text alot and she's being ignoring my texts since kat night
User 2: don't make it awkward . lol . that's a problem . just talk then
User 1: yeaah
User 2: delete that message . you sound needy . be subtle about it
User 1: balls no . i'm not needy at all . she knows that for sure
User 2: you sound thoda desperate . mat kar . delete . just call her
User 1: lunch kya scene ?
User 2: order . i have to go to college again . at three or later
User 1: ghar pe ayr kon hain ?
User 2: after i'm done i'll call you . ria vidit arav . we can go to timmys . or you can come over
User 1: oh chill with them . 
User 2:  . and now tell me your problem with tanvi coming over
User 1: packing rn
User 2: excuses
User 1: oye kya scene ? . lunch ordering only ?
User 2: ate already . we'll go to timmy's na
User 1: i'm at emerald now na :
User 2: bol
User 1: galti se lag gaya . man i feel damn bad about how things turned out with arusha rn . i told her that i'll try to make it uo for that .
User 2: you shouldn't be having to make up for it . you haven't done wrong you know . usko bol if she want exclusive she has to ask for it . you are at an advantage
User 1: honestly i don't want to come off too atrong in this .
User 2: kya scene
User 1: sorted i think now . what do you wanna do for lunch ?
User 2: lunch and all is too much . timmy's aana . emerald se
User 1: you want to smoke ?
User 2: smoke or smoke up 
User 1: i'll come to pp
User 2: humara  khatam lol
User 1: not ro smoke up lol
User 2:  sirf fifa khelega . abbe sham ko milte hai . kaustubh bhi hai 
User 1: ew ok
User 2: you don't like him because he's from bamaras
User 1: ew no
User 2: then 
User 1: just eww man . idk i get ew vibes from him .
User 2: you deleted this message . isliye woh idhar hai tu nahi
User 1: wow jenit thanks for being mean ha . made my day .
User 2: zyada na boliyo
User 1: : okay . bhai kahi challe . tu kal subeh nikal raha hain
User 2: packing rn
User 1: i meant for dinner lr something . jenit . arusha is making me apologize to parv . :
User 2: lkl . maze kar betichod
User 1:  .
User 2: too hgh . we're just gonna order in
User 1: bhai yaar fir tu bolta hain ki main time nahi spend karta hoon tum logo ke sath
User 2: it's fine . you have your somiya na . ill befriend arusha . that way i won't need you then
User 1: i'm trying man . let me know if you change plans . abbey what happened just now  . trust me you'll need guy friends more . my somiya . wowowowowo
User 2: i know . these hoes ain't loyal . urghh
User 1: you have kaustabh eww .
User 2: he's better than you . at least he doesn't sell me out to somiya
User 1: yo wtf
User 2: i can't trust you with somiya related stuff tis truw
User 1: balls you can . i only send her ss or talk to her about you when you fucking tell me to
User 2: tu bole toh
User 1: bhai usse bhi pata hain aur tuje bhi maine bola hain ki between you and her i'll go with you
User 2: that i know
User 1: tu dinner pe aa bahar
User 2: i came to pavitra for a roll . now home . aaja . last night hai
User 1: ok fine i'll come to pp . what time ?
User 2: kaustubh bhi hai han 
User 1: dude it's fine .
User 2: chal sahi hai . come by 8ish
User 1: you know honestly if you don't want me to come let's just drop it .
User 2: arre you only don't like him . mai kuch kya bola  . bhai parv isnt giving that last days money only  . us din itna bol raha tha chutiya
User 1: i think parv told muskan and arush to pay him so that he can pay you for the entire lot
User 2: you know naveed right
User 1: haan . kya hua
User 2: usko dene hai paise . chutiya parv
User 1: oh . chal tumlog maze karo . meko tere sath dinner karna tha . agar itne saare log hain toh fir rehne do . agle sem 
User 2: dude my lunch was four ice cremas . i doubt dinner will be better
User 1: lol . are you broke or something else
User 2: no no i got some money . but i was high . and december will be fit . so last cheat day
User 1: toh ese gareebo jaise ku reh raha hain . hahaha ok
User 2: what will you do for two weeks 
User 1: arrey it's fine actually . i have foa friends in emerald
User 1: he didn't reply i'm not fucking going around asking him to reply . what do you think ?
User 2: hes not your close friend so i dint see the need for this . but you're getting whipped by arusha that's for sure
User 1: no dude honestly she needed a reason to be pissed i think . country inn thing was a bigger thing than nupur . yet she was like the nupur thing bothers her more . things are sorted between arusha and me . i want to ask you if i should talk to parv again .
User 2: don't try hard
User 1: fuck it . if replies then ok warna gaand maraye . how's your thing with somiya now ? . planning to talk to her again .  ?
User 2: exactly . ezpz . bhav nahi de rahi . she doesn't even read her fb text until i double text . i told her to watch game of thrones and she didn't reply . after that i got super pissed . so eh . now i won't . hurt a man but don't hurt related to game of thrones
User 1: just don't hope anything from her right now . i'm very optimistic she's gonna be fine from 3rd jan .
User 2: stopped hoping long back . finally i reached mumbai . i was supposed to land at 230 . lol
User 1: aur india thi kya . air
User 2: everything related to somiya is bad luck
User 1: it was in my mouth . you said it tho . inn bhai aunga . sending this to som ?
User 2: lol no
User 1: oh . who else from the class ?
User 2: i don't think anyone will make it from manipal . vidit also has six month intership
User 1: bhej kis ko raha hain ?
User 2: i don't even know anyone . 
User 1: arusha and all ?
User 2: if anyone shows then it'll just be sad on them  . jeet might be the only person who can make it . because he'll be in mumbai only
User 1: y 
User 2: he also has some wedding
User 1: i can make it to 29th maybe . if it's a one day thing then i can . let's see
User 2: stay is available for 28th also
User 1: but again i'm not coming alone for sure . jeet ka pakka hoga tab hi aunga
User 2: i'll ask him
User 1: anyway if i come i'll book my tix v late only . in jan . bench pressed forty kilos
User 2: nicr . you're finally as strong as the first year me
User 1: well you're weaker than the first year you . pusy . hat
User 2: rip . f
User 1: why hearts you noob . be sakt na . but like well played
User 2: what's this
User 1: every afternoon . she's here only na
User 2: replies ke liye tha . to over emphasise my point . labs ?
User 1: algo
User 2: she just replied 'lol'
User 1: balling ha
User 2: right . i should have been in minsk rn
User 1:   . last text from you wasn't necessary . you don't say those things unnecessarily
User 2: yeah mam . i got too pumped up . i know . lost a fight that i already had won 
User 1: noob . no no lol @ siddharth
User 2: why
User 1: it's siddharth who might be getting awkward . just be normal and be a bigger person .
User 2: i'm going to fucking win this
User 1: i think you already are winning as long as you don't send shit like that .
User 2: yes i made it right
User 1: go jenit !
User 2: bi mai kya aya
User 1: a . literally saw it once . now it's not opening only
User 2: bt
User 1: this sem is damn bad . i'm worried it could be worse than 3rd sem
User 2: hogaya ab toh . chill kar
User 1: i asked arusha if she wanted to go back to pre-diwali for like forever . she said only for december . basically we started hooking up on diwali .
User 2: you deleted this message . only for december means that's y'all won't hookup only in december and will continue later right
User 1: i guess
User 2: told ya . you deleted this message
User 1: why does it seem a traps
User 2: r . e . l . a . t . i . o . n . s . h . i . p
User 1: you know hooking up with so many people made me realize that this isn't me . itni kya harbadi hain bkl . sab kuch pehle dekhna hain na tuje
User 2: dude you broke up from a long relationship . you deserve the break you got . don't stress
User 1: that's fine . but bc slcm nahi khul raha hain
User 2: stressing me out too .  . except se and bi accha hai so why not
User 1: but yeah . i need to simplify life . declutter
User 2: didn't hook up with tanvi ?
User 1: nope . she came over a couple of times . but we didn't hookup .
User 2: at all ?
User 1: not at all . by that time the arusha bt had started . and i really felt bad for her . so i didn't hookup with tanvi at least . otherwise arusha would have felt like a mistress or something
User 2:  . never thought hooking up so much also has down falls
User 1: this was v thoughtful dude . remember never hookup with someone you like
User 2: don't make no sense . bhai . don't get into this  rona . you gotta win . just like me . sakth bhai sakth . kitna bhai
User 1: tere kitne hain
User 2: 8 .73
User 1: baat mat kar . i got 8 .09
User 2: bc os mai marks hi nahi dete . chutiya
User 1: should have got a in os man . same
User 2: ikr
User 1: they gave a in it
User 2: se bi ?
User 1: a and a
User 2: bt
User 1: ca cn algo c
User 2: chutiyap
User 1: aur kisi ka pata hain ?
User 2: lab mai kyu . nope
User 1: internals kam the .
User 2: nischay somiya ? . c is too less than . bs
User 1: even in our batch of algp interns were ls
User 2: arusha ?
User 1: no idea
User 2: that's the only thing i got a in . c is too less for ca cn
User 1: i got in os lab
User 2: give for reval
User 1: thirty-one thirty-three the internal . plus my cn was v bad
User 2: is this why you're awake . soja phookar
User 1: i just checked out now . but like whatever . i'll sleep . now .
User 2: noightt
User 1: in general it was a very low scoring semester . when are you planning on applying for ms ?
User 2: bc gre marks toh aane de chutiya
User 1: suppose they're damn good will you apply sept 2019 ?
User 2: i don't know the procedures . but yeah if they are good then at the earliest
User 1: see the thing is sept tak you might not have alot on your resume . 8th sem internship chal rahi hogi tabhi
User 2: 8th sem will be in two thousand and twenty
User 1: oh lol . worse then
User 2: sept two thousand and nineteen we'll be in placements . exactly we can't apply too early also
User 1: fall two thousand and twenty ke application starts in sept two thousand and nineteen
User 2: man i don't know if i wanna do a job for a year before ms . i think i might
User 1: i think you should go see career counselor
User 2: you'll directly do ms ?
User 1: looking at the entire timeline i think i'll have to work for a year .
User 2: why have to
User 1: i don't think application will be string enough if i do it in sept next year
User 2: exactly ha
User 1: i think we should really talk more about it . things become clearer . who else you know is planning on doing their ms . in cse
User 2: apratim
User 1: obvio
User 2: usko zyada sort hai
User 1: when's he applying
User 2: he is mostly getting research internship in michigan next summer . haven't asked him all thag . bhai padle . one step at a time . don't stress itna
User 1: who else . apratim is too sort . let's not talk about him . plus his brother is already doing ms . so he already knows alot about the process . honestly i wanna take a day out and try to write out all possibilities dude .
User 2: like i spoke to this dad's friends son once . kafi bataya usne
User 1: waise i have a bunch of cousins . and friends
User 2: so basically gre par focus kar . and then all the things will come one at a time . or toefl and all . gre score milne de . then see
User 1: yeah . you're doing only the magoosh app ? . for vocab
User 2: yes . and i have books
User 1: i'm very sure you didn't practice from the books . words hi ratte honge abhi tak
User 2: lol i finished maths from the book and seventy pages from english . i can't mug . i'm legit remembering meanings through associations . eg mercurial  akshara
User 1: you doing text completion and all ? . same dude
User 2: everythingn .  . aur kiske marks pata chale
User 1: bt mat de . how much are you left with in the app ?
User 2: i have done 15
User 1: send a ss of the app dashboard . i am also doing from there rn
User 2: i'm doing the flash cards wala app . ha
User 1: isme kitne decks khatam kiye
User 2: two only  . did you sign up for great ? . gre
User 1: not yet .
User 2: anushka ko 9 .14 aya . chut
User 1: good for her . actually jokes on you because you studied the most . she didn't study as much as you did :
User 2: okay
User 1: padle bhai
User 2:  .  .
User 1:  . how much did parv get ?
User 2: bola nahi
User 1: dude what was that german classes that dikshita was taking . in manipal
User 2: i don't know the place's name . it's at that school . you know the complex next to tc . i'll get the details
User 1: haan do that na thanks
User 2: she's busy today . badme batata hu . planning for germany ?
User 1: as of now no . but like it's better to have some other foreign language under your belt i feel .
User 2: if you're not planning for education and want to know a european language then do spanish or french . if you don't want to do anything related to germany for ms then german will be waste
User 1: bhai pyaar se smajha us bande ko . zada udde ga toh woh certificate nahi dega
User 2: bhai certificate toh pehle se scene hi nahi tha  . rn i'm just hoping not to get rusticated or arrested
User 1: he won't do that . chill .
User 2: he's from iit kharagpur . sunki hai
User 1: sorry bolde . say it like you don't mean it
User 2: honestly sorry se kuch nahi hoga . ab ya toh he'll lose and give the thing . or not reply at apl . i'm fine with either . 
User 1: he won't so anything . chill kar . zada ho toh kisi din jake bande ke gadi ke saare chakke se hawa nikal diyo . certificate mil jayega fir . bring the north to south bombay . behenchod
User 2: dude should i temporarily leave that group . arusha was feeling uncomfortable and i don't want any girl  rona behind my back . especially cos this rona will happen to you since it's arusha 
User 1: dude she was just being weird . it's chill lol . i talked to her
User 2: bt . dude i won
User 1: are you getting it ?
User 2: abhishek is two years older than us . chill guy . smoked up with him on the road . mostly milega . problem is i don't have his number
User 1: maze kar raha hain ? . how's the  game
User 2: haven't smoked up . working out . and tomorrow marathon practice starts
User 1: seriously
User 2: not really
User 1: hil . 
User 2: like i do at home with dumbells
User 2: bhai mainly core and legs . properly . rest eh
User 1: rest toh you're an alpha already
User 2: bhai bhai . what are you even doing in manipal
User 1: overall chill . all in all chill
User 2: are you there because of tanvi . both of y'all leaving on the seventeen is suspicious
User 1: hahaha . she's not here now . she'll be back on 14th . but no . the thing is my parents and my sister are in delhi rn for some work . and after they come back my mom and dad are going to dubai for a week . figured if no one will be at home might as well stay in manipal and do something productive
User 2: what productive . gre kiya ? . also guess how much chantal got after her bad papers
User 1: kitna
User 2: 9 .95
User 1: hahahah
User 2: isko toh khatam
User 1: bhai itna extraa mat ho
User 2: all the co founders are discussing shit now . oho . feel so powerful
User 1:  kat denge wo . it could back fire . plus i'm v drunk . rn
User 2: with ?
User 1: have appu, sarthak and nikita . got drunk at ept
User 2: ew . ew
User 1: now at my place
User 2: ew . all of them ?
User 1: dude sarthak and nikita are damn cool poeple
User 2: kiss apu goodnight for me
User 1: i hit him so hard in his nuts
User 2: miss them days
User 1: for not knocking in the elevator . hat bc
User 2: hi apu
User 1: don't be so extra
User 2: wah kya translate kiya bhandi
User 1: apu ne kya funka bhai raat bhar . like a chimney
User 2: sutta ?
User 1: han
User 2: are y'all still awake from last night ?
User 1: didn't sleep at night . came to pai's now for breakfast .
User 2:  . everyone ?
User 1: yes . sarthak is so chill man . we should include him more in our plans .
User 2: we do need to replace parv . after what you did
User 1: don't put it on me
User 2: stop fantasizing about guys . did i stick my  in someone else's girl 
User 1: dude i did not do that
User 2: figuratively
User 1: hahaha lumd . would you want to move to emerald in 7th sem ?
User 2: nopee . pragati has to kick me out in order for me to move . i don't mind moving inside pragati . it's far from humans . like it that way
User 1: okay
User 2: consider moving to emerald . you'll be too close to pearl city . reconsider
User 1: but the community feeling is much better here i feel . but i get that you're comfortable in pragati .
User 2: you're an extrovert . fair enough . plus you do know a lot of people in that area and building . but don't move into emerald . tatti apartments . try something else in that area
User 1: next sem i'm not moving out for sure . 7th sem i want to but if it's not with you all then i'm not moving out at all . i like pratham krishna also . not that bad .
User 2: slope is the deal breaker . what happened to viren
User 1: i told you na we're not moving in together . when we went to timmy's one day .
User 2: too much  man . which oe
User 1: dude . i'm not getting the option of sem vi only . stupid slcm
User 2: sem five mai hai
User 1: i clicked on show . nothing is coming up other than sem v subjects . 
User 2: scroll down and see
User 1: send me a ss of your thing . it's not showing man
User 2: okay it's not working now . was working yesterday
User 1: man with arusha alot of things are so abstruse i feel . i'm planning to talk to as less as possible in the winter .
User 2: what makes you say that . kya kiya
User 1: she's taking ages to reply . normally she's not like that . suddenly now she sent me like ten snaps
User 2: of ?
User 1: random
User 2: then why would she send you ten snaps
User 1: like wassup . that's the thing . she's being v weird
User 2: tu bhi chutiya hai . somiya ke chutiyap se nahi sikha . next sem kuch mat karna
User 1: plan toh wo hi hain . i still can't see me electives . what's yours tho ?
User 2: i got linear alegbra mam
User 1: listen . can't tell to this anyone
User 2: bata . she's disgusting . how do you hook up in the day 
User 1: she looks hot
User 2: i think i have seen her in campus many times . short one right ? .  .
User 1: she was up for drinking at 9 . like this
User 2: why do you have scotch  . you're fucking embracing the apartment . more action in that house than vedant will ever get
User 1: xd it was already there . shuh . don't mention to anyone . no one
User 2:  . chill hai
User 1: haan bc . bhand hoke mat bol diyo arusha ko
User 2: i'm gonna be high . high mai control rehta hai
User 1: you guys are meeting up ? . don't na without me . meko bura lagega
User 2: saturday 
User 1: bhai tu mat ja . bhai ke liye
User 2: reply nahi aata uska bura nahi lagta ? . but why  . anushka is also there
User 1: haan toh tu ese sides badlega toh kafi bura lagega na . be like you have your gre that day
User 2:  . i made the plan hahahah . bhai chill hai . i have to get past somiya . i need friends in class . i have to take the initiative
User 1: ruk main aata hoon saturday ko mumbai
User 2: i'll call them for my sister's cocktail party too mostly  . 
User 1: mere bina koi plan nahi poora hoga . bhai arusha ki hi side lele na ab
User 2: you're acting like somiya . she divided the friendship
User 1: i am joking dude
User 2: and you're dividing yours with arusha with no reason
User 2: phir theek
User 1: arusha and i are chill only . but like don't tell any of it to arusha . the hookup thing
User 2: obviously chutiya hai kya
User 1: dude crispy gossip
User 1: vasvi hooked up with a second year . not now earlier . the guy is our age only . took a drop year .
User 2: but what about apu . is he there or no
User 1: yeah i asked apratim that night if they're back or not . he said they're back .
User 2: damn . so who told you this
User 1: the guy she hooked up with . he's my friend from school . and they did more than a hookup :p . and keep shut
User 2: oh damn . good for her . testing the waters . tera double figure hua after tanvi ?
User 1: eight hain . in total . including tanvi
User 2: wait how many before tanvi  . sab quota abhi khatam kar raha . hai 
User 1: jenit this vasvi thing should not be spread . only i know about this .
User 2: you me and dikshita .  . because it is related to apu . she must know . but ha
User 1: dude she must not say to anyone . now tell her
User 2: varshini thing no one knows dw . bol doya
User 1: wait i'm telling dikshita to not tell anyone
User 2: bolde . you hooked up with rucha before ?
User 1: dude what the hell . noo . who said this
User 2: ria
User 1: lol . yeh sab gandi rumors hain . and why would i even come up in a conversation
User 2: i think vidit and ruchs were pranking her . dunno
User 1: her ?
User 2: ria
User 1: rucha bhi mumbai main hain abhi ? . stop playing these fucked up games ha
User 2: she has college ns
User 1: haan
User 2: seriously she told me man
User 1: dude why would she say something like that to someone
User 2: fuck with her head what do i knie
User 1:  . that's why seen off hona chahiye . don't give these hoes an opportunity to hurt you bro
User 2: whatsapp par toh blocked hu . cant switch off the seen on fb na
User 1: what the hell still ?
User 2: eh not surprised . sanki hai thodi . send to arusha . lol
User 1: haat bc . you don't say
User 2: man honestly, after i fucked it up initially, i haven't been anything but considerate, cordial and not-a- . so i'm not going to listen anything against that
User 1: gre prep max
User 2: cordial aata that bsdk . 
User 1: nvm cordial is a v common word . haan . lol
User 2: vidit finally went back to dubai after three years  . visa accept hogaya . lol
User 1: lol . when is harshit leaving
User 2: nineteen
User 1: i still can't see my elecrives . stupid slcm servers .
User 2: chod be
User 1: such a dilemma to actually add parv on the group . lol . itna sochne ke baad add kiya
User 2: ab tak baat nahi hui ? . lil
User 1: text theek tha na mera ?
User 2: wasn't big deal was wrongn . wrong choice of words i feeo
User 1: kya ? i didn't get it . lol it's subtle i feel . good comment game
User 2: oh i know
User 1: need a favor . today when you guys meet up today, if you get alone time with trivedi ask her if she's cool with me or not . in a subtle manner obviously
User 2: we are meeting on monday . what happened
User 1: because of the nupur thing . we don't really talk that much so idk if we're cool or not .
User 2: chal i'll ask
User 1: be cool and subtle
User 2: no it wasn't humor at all
User 1: haat bc it was in good humor
User 2: it was the tauntiest taunt that i could put out there
User 1: humor mat sikha meko
User 2: i'm telling you my intentions but . bc i sent her a got related funny video uska bhi reply nahi . and long back messenger ks bhi reply nahi . aise logo ke saath i don't humor
User 1: ok now you're going back to the despo jenit
User 2: please correct yourself . nope . trust me
User 1: abbey usse jeene de apni zindagi
User 2: i would have been cribbing if i was being desperate . usko bol that my bad, he wasnt joking
User 1: tu bhai asli zindagi jee raha hain
User 2:  . i mean it . you go correct your statement
User 1: bol diya . chill kar
User 2: subah se bt bc
User 1: that's what i specialize in . 
User 2: i'm much closer to arusha distance wise . don't push your luck 
User 1: where can you find cigars in manipal
User 2: why are you trying to be so wannabe . cigar kaun phukta hai  . but like og toh i don't think you get . the most extravagant type of tobacco you can get is dokha at youth corner
User 1: this one time when my cousin was leaving manipal, his friends got some good cigars and they smoked it with black and white .
User 2: puchke bolta hu
User 1: still can not see my electives
User 2: lol . youth corner you'll get cigsr
User 1: subah subah chalan kaat diya bc . 
User 2: saw
User 1: i'm not booking a slot rn . once we get the time table maybe i'll know better then . i'm looking at somewhere march during revels time .
User 2: yeah
User 1: how are you doinf verbal now ? . app se kitna hua ?
User 2: seven done . practicing comprehensions and stuff . i'm getting around 320ish now . just need to concentrate on comprehensions . udhar hi lagti hai
User 1: first 7 ? . where are you getting this score from ?
User 2: solved papers online . it's website you get after your book a slot . yeah
User 1: you get three papers that ? 0 wala
User 2: yes
User 1: chutiya . jenit . we need to talk
User 2: sup
User 1: ok tell me honestly . was that a prank or something else
User 2: prank tha . ab bt mat de
User 1: arusha's being weird again that's why .
User 2: meko bt nat de
User 1: dude  . nevermind
User 2: sup
User 1: tanvi has a very long wall mirror . do you want to put it up in your place ?
User 2: how do you hang it  ?
User 1: also a nice, pretty aesthetic bookshell
User 2: yepp
User 1: call the carpenter . the manager will send . takes like one hundred bucks . like the mirror is actually v good .
User 2: mirror can break . plus i already have a big one . get it stored somewhere . i'll take the shelf . get it packed . i'll keep it in four hundred and five
User 1: cool . tanvi will leave everything in five hundred and fourteen i think . yeh sab hain
User 2: does she want to keep it or what . like if she doesn't then she can sell it on mutc
User 1: you can use it for the next sem if you want .
User 2: cool
User 1: she'll use it from aug 2019 . what all do you want ?
User 2: should i take everything and keep the things i'm not using safely aside ?
User 1: ya it's ok . safely . harshit arav se bhi puch le agar unko chahiye
User 2: yeah yeah . we'll get everything from 514 . in jan
User 1: perf . linear algebra
User 2: lol nice
User 1: what's your pe
User 2: ai
User 1: and ?
User 2: ml . i'm doing the minor . you're doing coursera na
User 1: yep . tu aur parv thode zada close nahi ho rahe hain
User 2: worst accusation till date
User 1: uske saare memes pe haha
User 2: lesson one
User 1: mere toh nahi karta hain tu 
User 2: rehnede . don't believe it
User 1: ha ok . i hope he takes care of drunk jenit the way i did
User 2: bhai . period par hai kya . dude . we got caught on the road today by a passerby smoking
User 1:   
User 2: and police almost caught us twice
User 1: lol wtf . roadies banega kya
User 2: dude pregnancy scare mao itni nahi phati thi
User 1: apples and oranges bro . alag hi scares hain sab
User 2: kolkata mai kya kar raha hai
User 1: aaj meri behen ki birthday party hain . bc stuck among teens . fml
User 2: how old is she 
User 1: she turned sixteen
User 2: two years . hmm . chill hai waiting
User 1: esa thappad padega na chutiye . next winter
User 2: tomatina is in august chutiya
User 1: yeah i just realized that . dude how do you create the virtualenv for tensorflow
User 2: are you trying to install it from the source code instead of pip ?
User 1: bc . you remember the command . virtualenv something
User 2: but for what
User 1: creating the virtual environment for running tensorflow
User 2: you mean a tensorflow session ? . are you trying to run a code or install
User 1: no . code :
User 2: code mai toh container banakar session run karna padta hai . virtual environment even i'm not sure . if you find out tell me
User 1: haan toh bc pehle bolta . chutiya . timw waste kiya
User 2: abbe installation ka bhi ho sakta tha n . what arenyou trying to do basically ? just create a model right  ?
User 1: gre prep kaisa chal raha hain tera
User 2: ho raha hai . you got the virtualenv thing
User 1: yep . so you source the main tf code into your current wd . that creates a virtualenv and then u can import tensorflow in it .
User 2: elaborate
User 1: so basically after you create the virtualenv, . your bin in tensorflow folder contains an executable activate file . when you source it, you create a virtual environment where you can use tensorflow . for example . in any working directory typr . source and tf will be activated in that wd
User 2: acha han . what do you do after creating the virtualenv tho
User 1: it's not like you could answer it . lol read my reply to nishchay
User 2: i can't find the post anymore . plus i don't care . have fun with those two :)
User 1: hahahaa tu toh parv se close ho raha tha na
User 2: memes se close
User 1: aur memes dil ke pass hote hain . so dil se close
User 2: true . not the sender
User 1: okay . :(
User 2: i noticed it actually . i was like okay good one
User 1: bc i acknowledged parv's meme . fml
User 2: we online
User 1: ssup
User 2: too drink l
User 1: haan bol . how much did you end up drinking dude ! ? 
User 2: i don't know how i got back . my sister is gonna scream today
User 1: why
User 2: chutiyap kiya hoga mene . i mixed every possible thing lol
User 1: oh was it that cocktail party ?
User 2: yas
User 1: you can take a guy out of manipal but you can't take the manipal out of a guy . xd
User 2: obviously
User 1: did you have a competition or something with someone 
User 2: not that i remember . dude i'm actually scared . i don't know what happened . my sister's friend was like you know you can't flirt with your jijus sister right
User 1: it's fine dude . the worst thing would be you hooking up with someone from you jiju's side . but you don't do hookups . so it is fine .
User 2: i hadn't even had one drink . what do you mean
User 1: oh fuck she said you can't flirt . lol . read it as you can flirt .  . how's the hangover
User 2: man that party smart pil didn't work . i asked the worker at my place what's for breakfast and didn't understand what he said . we'll find out what we get
User 1: haha did you text som by mistake ?
User 2: na . thank god
User 1: ditto . you cannot use that certificate anywhere dude
User 2: i'll just edit it lol
User 1: oye ask dikshita about the german courses
User 2: text her directly . is this fine
User 1: ya dude
User 2: he cropped the top . see the logo . bc
User 1: chalta haij utna honestly
User 2: nope
User 1: at least for iaeste .
User 2: true
User 1: placement purpose you can't use any of it .
User 2: what do you mean
User 1: you can't use the certificate in placements .
User 2: why
User 1: if they catch for fraud they'll kick you out of college without a degree . iaeste is chill .
User 2: doubt it
User 1: even if they find out they won't do anything . i wouldn't take that risk .
User 2: no one finds out . delete karle sab
User 1: alot of times recruiters know these startupd
User 2: reference i'm giving of a guy who knows about all this
User 1: chal theek hain
User 2: if i apply for iaeste and arusha sees it then tell her at that time that he finally sent a good one
User 1: your choice honestly
User 2: yes
User 1: arusha isn't nl anymore . plus anyway she's chill . dude you know like how during vacation you don't really have much to talk to a person about . yet you talk about memes and shows and stuff . man arusha is damn unresponsive
User 2: nl ?
User 1: idk if it's specially me or not
User 2: don't want to trust many people with this . pata nahi . that day we spoke a lot . because at start it was just me and her . for couple of hours
User 1: national liason . they handle all the exchange stuff . anything about me 
User 2: just about the prank bola tha na
User 1: and authorizing dox and all
User 2: did you tell somiya that i wasn't kidding about the comment 
User 1: she wasn't on the prank na . haan . because before that she did not even see it .
User 2: i told her that incase he texts you related to anything just pretend to be pissed . she had na . she said that i hope he was joking
User 1: nope
User 2: and you said yes
User 1: after i told her to see the comment . coming back to the arusha thing . i really don't want our friendship to get fucked like this . but honestly if she can't reciprocate then i don't want to be unnecessarily throwing away my self respect .
User 2: i meant after you said yes it's in good humor only, did you correct yourself to tell her no he meant it . ab chill kar . let sem start . phir decide kar what's what
User 1: that would make you look like an asshole . so i did not  . you know divij ?
User 2:  . i have told you before also not to speak for me . second time you're doing this . nope
User 1: tuje shant karne ke liye bola :p
User 2: kya hua
User 1: nvm . abbey let things be thw way they are rn . somiya is pretty chill with you now .
User 2: one hundred baar bola hai . don't assume to speak for me . go correct yourself now . and tell her that i was assuming thats what jenit meant by it . but i was wrong . i'm not chill with her at all . i'm not even gonna try to talk to her
User 1: don't go around trying to hurt her . usse farak nahi padega aur tuje hi bura lagega
User 2: game of thrones ka kaun reply nahi karta
User 1: dude honestly everytime you say this and then cave .
User 2: chalega . teko jo bola woh kar . won't happen nkw . 99 sure . good enough for me
User 1: if you're gonna cave anyway then might as well be on gokd terma
User 2: nope . fuck her . this offended me the most
User 1: you're taking it v seriously bro . play it cool
User 2: game of thrones !
User 1: honestly . that hurts the most
User 2: yeah fine . but instagram comment ka theek kar
User 1: farak nahi padta tuje wo reply kare ya na mare
User 2: made my peace with this
User 1: yeh chiz tune itni baar boli hain chutiye . idk when to believe this
User 2: true . but i mean it now
User 1: chal maan li teri baat
User 2: when you sent me her story . i didn't miss her as a friend at all . so i was like chill hai ab
User 1: okayy
User 2: and i also know that you meant to send me only the story and it wasn't by mistake
User 1: i'll tell her about the comment . but honestly it wouldn't affect her at all . it wouldn't even affect her to lose me as a friend . at times i do underestimate myself alot . but with her it might actually be true . so let it be dude
User 2: why
User 1: idk it feels like it . plus her birthday is coming up . ik for sure that you'll wish her . so be on gokd terms :)
User 2: lol didn't know but watch me not wish her
User 1: suck a  . ik you'll
User 2: bhai might be true . mere se bhi kafi aasani se baat band karli . chal bet
User 1: no bet . then you'll purposely not wish her lmao . it's more difficult without a bet
User 2: i'm honestly not affected anymore . have too many other things on my mind
User 1: in a way she's good that she's not attached too emotionally to anyone . but yeah sucks to be a v close friend of someone like that .
User 2: make your peace with it now before even you get ducked some how . and do the comment thing . be casual about it
User 1: meko yeh kafi pehle se pata hain chutiye . leave it na
User 2: no
User 1: ok fine
User 2: iski toh maa chodadi
User 1: must tell you, it was very hard . maa chuda le bhoside
User 2: that's what she said
User 1: ab kuch nahi bol raha main
User 2: step 1 . know that you're correcting your mistake and not doing me a favor
User 1: gaand main daal le isse . kuch farak nahi pada usse
User 2:  . why but . fuck it . gaand marane de usko
User 1: agli baar se koi baat ho toh usi se baat karlena . khali khali mera image kharab ho raha hain :( . like i mean it without sarcasm
User 2: fair enough . but you messed up this time so don't tell me about this
User 1: chill kar ab
User 2: everyone should be high all the time and chill the fuck out
User 1: they should be high all the time and on the sex island xd
User 2: tharki
User 1: no hookup sem hain agla sem
User 2: we'll find out
User 1: ny resolution . i'm gonna sort things out aith arusha and then that's it . i'll prolly transition back to my back benchers group . vedant and all .
User 2: what will i do then . man . too much stress in life
User 1: apan toh waiss bhi chill karte hi hain
User 2: yeah but where will i sit . i'm going to take the seat next to divya . she's in my pe also
User 1: haha okay
User 2: so might as well
User 1: wow . okay
User 2: provisional marks quants: one hundred and sixty-eight and verbal: one hundred and fifty-two
User 1: three hundred and twenty sahi hain bc
User 2: reading comprehension is the only thing to focus and practice . and vocab
User 1: bhai aj chillam main fuka
User 2: you have friends in cal also okay wow didn't know
User 1: haha
User 2: kitna high hai
User 1: do baar kiya . abhi ek aur hoga mostlt
User 2: is it a proper chillam or arusha jaisa lol
User 1: proper one
User 2: wah
User 1: you done with the test ?
User 2: which
User 1: gre . aaj hi tha na
User 2: this was the final one man
User 1: oh lol . that's great only na
User 2: yepp . did you sign up for the ai ml workshop
User 1: it's in kharagpur na . iitk main hi hoga . unke tech fest main
User 2: bt
User 1: iisc wala dekh le . almost same hi hoga
User 2: what
User 1: pravega . iisc bangalore
User 2: too far
User 1: it'll be on a weekend . can be your nice weekend getaway
User 2: i don't want to spend extra next sem . sister's wedding so spent too much in the vacation
User 1: sharaab toh piyega na ?
User 2: gareeb nahi hu bc
User 1: bc . should i text arusha that when does she want to meet and sort out things
User 2: no 31st ke liye she has gone somewhere so let her have fun
User 1: or just leave it to her . that ik . i won't text her now . like two or 3rd . have you guys been talking ?
User 2: just about  . i saw her story .  . sakth ban
User 1: after i'm back i'll be damn awkward with her till she clears out everything
User 2: suck it up or you'll lose a close friend too
User 1: suck it up and be normal ?
User 2: yes
User 1: bc ego ke laude lag jayenge
User 2: toh confront the first you go to her place
User 1: bhand hain kya
User 2: i have no plans for tonight lol rip
User 1: you almost wrote the ditto message as vasvi . cocktail party with fam lol . i would chose not going out tonight but there's boozs
User 2: i thought she was saying the opposite
User 1: kaise aa gaya three hundred and twenty tuje
User 2: my parents are staying home . can't even get beers
User 1: drinking doesn't necessarily makes it better you know . it's about the company
User 2: bc i was supposed to go to friends farmhouse . like a dumb fuck i booked flight for yesterday . tomorrow
User 1: oh you're going to manipal tomorrow ?
User 2: yep
User 1: noob mistake . lol
User 2: sasta tha by 2k . so . but
User 1: when is the flight tho
User 2: i'll have to leave my place at 11am . and that place is three hours away from place
User 1: i think even arusha's flight tomorrow
User 2: not same
User 1: oh sad . or good wtv .  sutte main daal kd
User 2: how lol
User 1: hey . happy new year !
User 2: kitno ko forward kiya lol
User 1: you're the first one i'm texting first . 
User 2: aww . arusha kitni bhand
User 1: you guys are together ?
User 2: i'm asking . she's with sampada
User 1: i didn't wish her yet
User 2: kar bc
User 1: bhand ho abhi
User 2: two beers . uska cgpa hai
User 1: bwhahahaha . tere apartment ke baki log kab aa rahe hain ?
User 2: arav is there only . vidit tomorrow . harshit 4th
User 1: harshit delhi se aa raha hain kya
User 2: he'll reach tomorrow . delhi
User 1: litt . i like these poll things . they always surprise you . lol
User 2: by mistake hua hoga
User 1: no no we talked a bit also . smd
User 2: about what 
User 1:  . it was that mo bamba sorry . story
User 2: why'd you send a video . can't you just take a long screenshot . noon . low key awkward
User 1: i can record the screen also . tech geek max . mkbhd can go suck a 
User 2: arusha is also coming today . lit night boii
User 1: that i know . you reached manipal ? . 31st ki party 1st ko karle
User 2:  only . i can't booze . capacity too less . in the plane
User 1: fuck plane main wifi hain
User 2: not flying yet . indian air space no wifi
User 1: maze karo tum sab . meko aane main time hain abhi
User 2: when
User 1: abhi time hain
User 2:  . date
User 1:  .
User 2: i mean i don't know why you aren't telling
User 1: it's more fun ik no one else would be half as excited as you . :p
User 2: hahaha it's funny that you think i'm excited . lol .  . mat aa chalega
User 1: somiya se baat kaise karega fif . kuch common topic bhi nahi hoga . now that she's stopped watching got
User 2: don't care . major birch . season six ke baad kaun chutiya rokta hai
User 1: btw . arusha is in your flight only ?
User 2: i told you no many times . obsessed cunt
User 1: abey roo mat itna
User 2: katega is sem tera
User 1: abey chup hoja . kali zabaan teri mkc . remember how you've never given proxy for me ever
User 2: no
User 1: tomorrow all lectures i need attendance .
User 2: no
User 1: do not fuck up
User 2: yes
User 1: repeat karu mkl
User 2: yes
User 1: cd main proxy . roll forty-two
User 2: no can do
User 1: abbey subeh subeh chutiya pa mat kar
User 2: parv also asked . his roll number is before yours . lol
User 1: dude wtd . wtf
User 2: i'll try
User 1: seriously parv ki de raha hain tu
User 1: gaand main daal le . honestly tujse ab nahi bol raha hoon main
User 2: let's see the teacher is strict or not
User 1: okay
User 2: she's making us write names on papers and has warned us against proxy
User 1: and you wrote parv's name obviously .
User 2: didn't give his proxy in ml or cd
User 1: ok
User 2: ew
User 1: appreciation kis cheeze ki dega tu bsdk
User 2: lafa maru . did you have lab
User 1: i'm not in manipal bro . oye . sham ke kya scene
User 2: maybe at priyankas ace house warmingn
User 1: fuck . okay . sab chill hain xd
User 2: cool
User 1: sham ko kuch scene hain ? . tu aaj dt ja raha hain kya ?
User 2: no who all are going
User 1: i'm just asking . incase you're coming . going
User 2: are you going with anyone ? . saksham and all ?
User 1: yeah . tu chal . sab bhand hi honge waha
User 2: how's the party lol . whatever this is supposed to mean
User 1: don't tell that you're drinking at home
User 2: so we talking ? . cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool . no drinking todau
User 1: y are you being so lams . subeh subeh . 
User 2: if you don't want to laugh at the joke, no one has asked you to do so . wait for arusha to post something na . then let the '' rip . okaym . thanks
User 1: balls no . even the center fresh one . ok dude i think you need a break from all these memes
User 2: oh fuck that was not even for this group .  school walo ke liye tha lol . na . stress lies ahead
User 1: hila lena
User 2: keep updating me as and when assignments take place e
User 1: tuje lagga
User 2:  ?
User 1:  chill kar bata dunga
User 2: kaunse hue
User 1: just pcap .
User 2: keep telling man . i don't have itna free time ki notes ki bhi bheek mangu proxy bhi and assignments ki bhi
User 1: i don't get it though . why do you need to know . you're gonna miss all of the assignments . notes you'll get dw . proxy no scene .
User 2: no . only monday tuesday wednesday . thursday onwards scale up
User 1: oh . okay
User 2: notes bana raha hai kya ? . i just need pcap and cd
User 1: not in cd . the teacher gives horrible notes . pcap i have .
User 2: chill hai . imagine being high and the coming here
User 1: haha 
User 2: oye
User 1: bhai tu chill kar
User 2: dude i'm missing ten days . karna padega thoda . plus help
User 1: six
User 2: do we have to submit that time value of money
User 1: no . he did calculation of pi . tutorial only
User 2: bt
User 1: ho jayega chill kar
User 2: bhai cv bhej na, need to make mine smaller than one page
User 1: don't you have to work for a wedding now
User 2: all the packing stuff is done . now only dance practice . and i'm not dancing rn . so might as well look for a job lol . kaha see template laya
User 1: abey yeh nahi yaad
User 2: chill hai chal thanks
User 1: bana li tune
User 2: naah i'm acting rn 
User 1: video bhej dio apni is entertainment ki
User 2: shaddhi pai invite kiya tha . aajana
User 1: when is it
User 2: twenty-nine
User 1: y do you have to be so extra . 
User 2: zyada high hu
User 1: bc . wednesday i have labs . lab . nvm
User 2: one lab miss karle
User 1: bsdk cgpa teri hain . meri nahi
User 1: manipal se ja raha hain koi
User 2: ria might 
User 1: ew ew
User 2: behen hai yaar
User 1: fuck i had never been this drunk . too much yesterday
User 2: with whom . no drama ?
User 1: there were so many people . i remember passing out at emerald at 3:30
User 2: jeta ke ghar ?
User 1: yeah . even they were partying . i really wished you had a prettier face
User 2: haina . i'll wear lenses for the rest of the functions
User 1: honestly, it's damage beyond repair
User 2: bc ladki hai, marks hai, kapde acche hai . plus not from assansol . above things are claled damage repair . tu dekh le  . kal story par kaun tha
User 1: when are you getting back
User 2: tomorrow
User 1: i like how you know just the tip of iceberg and try to feel good about it .
User 2: kiska tip i know ?
User 1: happy for you man
User 2: sahi se bol
User 1: bola toh
User 2: okay . for the wedding or else wise
User 1: elsewise man . wedding was nice
User 2: bhand hai na ? . kaunsa theobroma . bhai eefm and maths assignment hasn't been conducted na
User 1: both have been . math yesterday . eefm today
User 2: zero in three great
User 1: fuck
User 2: anirudhha is sending me maths . thanks tho . i'll send today's shit to you when i get it
User 1: tom and you in it obvio
User 2: dikshita and i were celebrating valentine's tomorrow
User 1: arey bt . friday then . the divya thing, you need to not tell anyone . please
User 2: isn't that with everything
User 1: yeah . and stop bringing it up with divya . please
User 2: sirf mazak tha . chill hai ab . spoke to her after class too so . but how divya man
User 1: i actually trust with everything . just don't bring it with the person i hookup and don't tell anyone .
User 2: chal sorry okay
User 1: i'll tell you later
User 2: bhai pp lab two bhej please . and cd lab two too
User 1: pictures will do ? . i didn't put my codes for lab two on the drive . cd lab week two
User 2: ha . i have to write only
User 1: use this . it has all codes
User 2: chal thanks . we don't have class right
User 1: no
User 2: sup
User 1: remember the time arusha gave me bt for the nupur thing because arusha and ai talked before how we would feel bad if we hooked up with someone else
User 2: hahahhaha . usne gore ke saath kiya ?
User 1: and even i felt damn bad because i went back on our word . i felt damn bad . kept saying sorry alot . turns out she hooked up with parv before bia exam . if she wanted she could easily not had given me any shit because she did the the exact same things four days ago .
User 2: disgusting tbh . four days ago ?
User 1: before bia exam yeah
User 2: business intelligence right ? . that was last semester ?
User 1: friday she told me that she hooked up prav again last sem and i can't ask her v the date . so i get to ask her anything else
User 2:  . so what happened four days ago
User 1: yeah . remeber towards the end things weren't so good for her and me . because i hooked up with nupur . but she did prav four days before the nupur thing happened
User 2: ohh . bro . bt . south mumbai chicks . when did you find out
User 1: this friday when i went out with arusha . to eott
User 2: haa . was she apologetic or just like informative
User 1: informative . i have no clue why she even told me the parv thing . it will only go against her
User 2: bro this is where you decide your friendship . if you decide to go pass this, remember to clear your feelings and thoughts out before . otherwise it will keep hindering you . don't give shit to her . she's not worth that . but internally clear up
User 1: i get to ask her one question . "why did you give me so much shit for everything"
User 2: dont
User 1: trust me i'm glad arusha hooked up with parv
User 2: not worth it . dafuq
User 1: i am really . why are you selling pit . 
User 2: bro these people scored 100 . i don't want so much so just getting rid of it
User 1: lit . i really don't wanna do tonight thing . you put on the group to do it later maybe . give some lame reason
User 2: you owe me
User 1: yep ok . zada explain mat kar aur group pr
User 2: what should i reply to parv
User 1: nothing . you free tom ?
User 2: laughing buddha . after perm aaja
User 1: perfect . bhai tu abhi jitna busy rahega mere liye accha hain
User 2: bro my first date . bahut jam abhi you know . jim beam drink with arusha and all only . i don't think i'll come . weekend idm
User 1: i don't want na
User 2: lol
User 1: i think i'll talk to her todat
User 2: cool . let me know
User 1: think it's a good idea ?
User 2: why not
User 1: trusting mine and yours gut feeling . you not coming for eefm also
User 2: i'll go for thay
User 1: y r u bunking oe then
User 2: i found about it too late . i called you only at 1 . you also bunked right ?
User 1: better not be any kind of trouble
User 2: no lol
User 1: was he your supervisor ?
User 2: no chill
User 1: send me your entire cd lab eval question
User 2: lab two additional question . so we have maths
User 1: no . no math on tuesdays . you going for eefm na ?
User 2: yes
User 1: badiya see u in class then
User 2: bc switzerland wali internship mili ?
User 1: no some 4th year girl got it . even appu didn't get it
User 2: tujhe kaunsa mili .
User 1: belgium . don't hype it up . their acceptance rates are v low .
User 2: very low or very high ? . you planning to go ? . offer bheh
User 1: low
User 2: so that's good right that you got it . you're already accepted na
User 1: i won the offer in college .
User 2: accha ha right
User 1: they still need to accept me na
User 2: send offer . bc
User 1: phone pe nahi hain . room jake bhejta hoon
User 2: what is itbbut
User 1: ml
User 2: you said only one ml na . research or work but
User 1: work
User 2: wah
User 1: you going for the oe ?
User 2: f . exam time seedhe see baat kiya kar samjha
User 1: arey . when other do the same thing u do, u get so triggered . baccha hain kya abhi bhi
User 2: i was being genuine . you were not . plus i missed ten days so obviously sessional are hard for me . thanks for helping me out . bc terese xyada somiya help ki . kal . for portion . kaam nahi karsakta toh piss off toh nahi kar
User 1: aney kitna roo raha hain tu . chal okay fine cool cool cool
User 2: where you at
User 1: ssuo
User 2: dt
User 1: get lit
User 2: come
User 1: how's that marathon prep
User 2: kal bhaga for my eefm interest table just when the paper started from ab5 to om xerox . usse zyada nahi bhaguga
User 1: how's the hangover
User 2: high sir
User 1: who did you goto deetee wifh
User 2: left dt in 5 . chilled at hakuna . me arav harsbit kaustubh
User 1: accha . i drank all day yesterday . ab aur nahi pi sakta
User 2: wine and jim beam
User 1: and beers also . we didn't stop that's the point . why didn't you come to pearl yesterday
User 2: i went for gully boy at four itself . and ghar aakar march ke liye
User 1: bhai chalu hi nahi kiya haib . aaj shaam ko
User 2: hangover ?
User 1: nomination
User 2: check your notes for solution
User 1: peena chor diya
User 2: iaeste ?
User 1: haan
User 2: hogaya tera ?
User 1: bhejna hain . tuesday ko i'll send
User 2: huh . what do you have to send now
User 1: lors . cover letter
User 2: accha the . final thing . offer toh dikha . the new offers have few interesting ones . how are you getting all your programing languages and projects ka proof
User 1: there aren't any aiml offers na . it's only web dev and cyber security things . are there tho ?
User 2: three or four
User 1: oh
User 2:  .
User 1: from last contention only whatever i jad
User 2: i don't remember how i got my shit signed
User 1: write up a letter and get it signed from some prof
User 2: all skills in one is fine na 
User 1: preferably no
User 1: do you have notes from the last class of linear algebra . does it have the last lec
User 2: affine space na
User 1: it's fine . it has everything . what is the question ?
User 2: just read the note part
User 1: what is eq 2 ? . homogeneous system kya
User 2: yes .  .
User 1: yes it's a solution
User 2: cool
User 1: xy is a solution to homogeneous sys provided x and y are also solution to homogeneous sys
User 2: cool
User 1: his notes are so pretty :p . vasvi sent me abhilash ka notes and they're yuck . do we have quotient vector space ?
User 2: don't think so
User 1: it's an example only . we did in bet in 1st sem
User 2: cramer
User 1: got it
User 2: in this same example
User 1: thanks
User 2: why is it independent when the  determinant is -3
User 1: it's independent if the det is not zero
User 2: which also implies that the coefficients have to be zero for the vector to be a zero vector right ?
User 1: yep that is the definition
User 2: do you want to go to ab5 now
User 1: it's in ab1 . and no . come to my room if u want
User 2: dude i'll waste a lot of time . already come to library . it's on the way
User 1: bhand hain kya
User 2: are you
User 1: nope . v sober
User 2: lies
User 1: ok
User 2: kaunsa question
User 1: dude why are u so weird
User 2: wtf . we dont hav linear alegbra right
User 1: yes
User 2: yes or no
User 1: we have class
User 2: are you in class ? . bc reply nahi kar sakta tha
User 1: nope
User 2: chutiya
User 1: bsdk kam kar raha tha . ro mat . you free today ?
User 2: maths mai kitna ? . i got only 5 .5 lol
User 1: 11 . cd ka flex mat karna . nvm . how much
User 2: for what . that also ten only i got . in cd . you ?
User 1: oh . 11 . today there is linear algebra assignment
User 2: i know . bhai bacha le yaar
User 1: sit next to me . i have incomplete notes
User 2: nahi ho raha mujhse . that's fine . i have mostly . just not the starting oart . linear span and all . main things hai
User 1: ya i saw u looked a little stressed out in the lab
User 2: dude my sessional total is 6090
User 1: dw man it's just one sesh only . that's good no ?
User 2: i once got sixty-four in five subjects wala sem . chutiya hai kya . dude maths i already lost 14 .5 marks . i legit can't lose anymore
User 1: cool . ho jayega . sit nearby
User 2: cool
User 1: i'm skipping pcap and cd . i need to sleep for a while . barely slept last night
User 2: lol why
User 2: arusha ?
User 1: lol jk . no
User 2: night
User 1: i drank a lil too uch last night and chilled with agrim and all till late in the morning
User 2: bhai chara waha
User 1: are we chilling or not ?
User 2: not today
User 1: you talk to harshit then .
User 2: kya bolu
User 1: that we arent going out .
User 2: you tell him . meko chilayega
User 1: fine . are you okay tho .  ?
User 2: frustrated . but yeah . also arusha and parv did hookup
User 1: how are u so sure ?
User 2: he told sannidhi
User 1: when did they hookup . and when did he tell her
User 2: that time only
User 1: and this . we need to talk about this .
User 2: cool . remember the hashtag night . it might be the arushi nighy
User 1: jenit they hooked up earlier that everyone knows . i wanna know if they hooked after i hooked up with arusha . up
User 2: which month was tbis
User 1: november
User 2: start ? . mid end ? . pata karvata hu . she hooked up with angad too . and someone at kunals party
User 1: a day before we hooked up first
User 2: nice
User 1: ahuja ?
User 2: no clue
User 1: who told u this
User 2: sannidhi
User 1: how does she know so much anyway
User 2: my job is to hear the whispers
User 1: oye . let's do gokarna this weew
User 2: dikshitas mom
User 1: this weekend ?
User 2: monday niklegi
User 1: anyway i also don't feel like going . chal have fun
User 2: who was the plan with ?
User 1: y dont we hangout
User 2: when did that happen lol
User 1: in the lab . parv made the plan with arusha
User 2: lol . sad reax onli
User 1: shit is going down . now . soon
User 2: tell me . i'll be there
User 1: arusha and parv hooked uo
User 2: know that . again ?
User 1: before i hooked up with nupur
User 2: know that . what's happening now
User 1: bhai do 2bhk le lete hain na . aas pass . tu harshit arav and me
User 2: this i'll ask . seems fine onlyn
User 1: ask now na once
User 2: those two are at deetee lol . aane de . no comments . dikshita has also been giving proper bt since a while now . yesterday kaustubh and i threatened pranjal . all of pranjal friends present there were on our side because of how chutiya he is . yet i'm getting the bt . classic south bombay . like i said, dekhle baat karna hai ki nahi . only one sem to go
User 1: fuk it man . self respect bachi hain bhai
User 2: good i'm glad . stick to kt
User 1: don't do this again man . don't wanna seem insecure
User 2: no bro . you have no idea . that talk was perfect and productive . yes dokshita and i fought because of it but no regrets . bro he confessed that he likes her and took advantage of her naiveness . she needs to realise that's it's practically harassment
User 1: now talk to dikshita only all this . you two sort out
User 2: hogaya sort . she lost the fight
User 1: that feeling . taste of victory
User 2:  . karle
User 1: let's do deetee today . bc
User 2: no man . too tired . it's boring today
User 1: did someone text you about the arusha thing
User 2: parv called sannidhi and told her why she told you . but she told me and i told you . sannidhi doesn't know this . let it stay that way . you found out only through rev
User 1: and u told that to sanidhi . jenit
User 2: sup . i had to dude . kat jata . and i have enough problems going on rn tbh
User 1: good for u
User 2: fine then
User 1: how did you break yourself . again
User 2: punched the door in anger and broke two bones . might need a surgery . semester truly fucked
User 1: where are you now ? . i'll come around
User 2: will find out tomorrow . home only . kal milre hai chill hai . too many things to do
User 1: what things do you even have to do now . like this
User 2: udupi stuff . then dikshita is also coming over . then study because iight miss four days of college
User 1: for surgery ?
User 2: if they decide i need one . let's see
User 1: hmu if you need anything other than pcap notes :p
User 2: yas boi
User 1: surgery ?
User 2: mostly no . why would you tell everyone about the hitting wall
User 1: can't even hit hard enough to break bones . who did i tell lol
User 2: ankur . shattered my 5th metacarpal to powder but okay
User 1: oh fuck sorry . kay
User 2: who else
User 1: that's all i think . no one asked .  . listen
User 2: what . so this is bs . all the back benchers know . how are you better than parv . tere pet mai bhi kuch nahi rehta
User 1: jenit earlier i did not know that i wasn't supposed to say
User 2: great
User 1: who said what . plus anyway the back benchers don't go around gossiping if that's what you're worried about
User 2: you need not know . i just know for a fact that bahut mu khooa . parv sala hai tu . except you
User 1: dude i think you're overreacting now . i'm sorry about the ankur thing . and i told only gadia because he asked what happened to u . and at that time we were sitting at different places . gadia and me . kya ho gaya bhai . kisne kya kaha
User 2: vaibhav to kaise pata
User 1: i haven't told the anirudh thing to anyone .
User 2: thanks man
User 1: i told ki koi baat pe usse gussa aa gaya and he punched the wall hard . that's about it . guys do this all the time . dude vaibhav jaise log kya sochenge se farak padta hain kya ! ? . somiya came upto me and asked what happened and i said nothing normal accident
User 2: ok . ok . ok . ok
User 1: are you on heavy medication kya . ok i'm sorry man
User 2: le gand mai daal tera gossip . puri college ko chutiya banaya
User 1: abey bsdk ek toh four log tuje jaante hain aur tuje lagta hain log tere baare main baat karne ki alag se effort bhi daalenge . koi nahi karta hain . kafi delusional
User 2: agli baar dekhte hai tu kidhar ronejaata hai jab arusha rulayegi . ladki sala . i see why tanvi left you . andar se khokla hai sala
User 1: you're so clueless about everything . nice . you're exactly at the distance i wanted you to be, just thought you'd cry a little less
User 2: haha sure . thanks for keeping me at such a distance . too close to you and all your negativity would start to rub of on me . bsdk gav ke rehne wale . cry less ?  rona asli wala toh tu karta hai
User 1: jenit good riddance . :)
User 2: it's funny how you shit you are . aukad mast hai  . stay same otherwise parv will stop liking you
