User 1: kya book karna hai
User 2: hotels
User 1: obviously but link bhej aur dates
User 2: aap see kiya i'll show you the details wait i'll send ss you can't on that app but the hostellers, kasol 29th june to 3rd july eight beds in 4-room dorms and one deluxe room total should be 24k plus taxes check out zostel manali on booking! http:www.booking.comshare-rucwf8
User 1: yaa ye konsa hai ?
User 2: check out the hosteller kasol on booking! http:www.booking.comshare-uu0p5x manali wala
User 1: let me first check if have any credit card limit left
User 2: you don't have to pay now. we have to pay after going there through any menthod. this is just for incase chutiya kate plus free cancellation till 21st june
User 1: sakshi ka surnamr kya hai?
User 2: doshi no wait that deluxe room needs two people it's a different option i think deluxe master bedroom with balcony has two people
User 1: theres one with balcony
User 2: woh wala le
User 1: abe lekin why are we booking for nine 10 eight people in dorms ?
User 2: otherwise some random person can come
User 1: the rooms with balcony increase the price by 6k
User 2: bhai monil ko text kar  i just spoke to him he said two guest wala room hi baat karde
User 1: hes not picking u0 missed voice call call utha normal call confrence kar karna hai
User 2: bro we already have full red ice left and half malana. tell farhan we don't need the drinks. khali khali gande maal par high hoge
User 1: red ice bhi half hi baaki hai chalega bro last day hai enjoy na
User 2: cool oye
User 1: ssup
User 2: how much for the two papera
User 1: hes giving for 1.5 tushar was giving it for 1k toh tushar ko poochu ? but this is 200ug
User 2: 1k for both? and this?
User 1: for one ill have to ask
User 2: puchle
User 1: its 200ug do you want two ?
User 2: for 2k?
User 1: 3k for two it's two hundred ug goblins den
User 2: cool i want but first i have to give money to harshil ek baar woh kardu then i'll ask you to get
User 1: you want for sure? then ill take it you pay me
User 2: otherwise it'll get over or something ?
User 1: no
User 2: idm this but i don't wanna owe so much haan toh phir let me get the money first
User 1: but then he doesnt reply last minute
User 2: haan haan won't be last minute ask for the blot, but just one 200, not two
User 1: le liya bro
User 2: noice. you paid?
User 1: uaa yaa
User 2: chal nice thanks there's a lake near your bungalow right
User 1: why?
User 1:  we could try this i mean its only 20km away whats your reddit username
User 2: yeah i'm not sharing :p
User 1: you wanna keep it private na
User 2: ha
User 1: yaa even i thought thay kya scene.hai bro
User 2: still haven't met dad lol he'll come in the evening and i found the pot so yeah confrontation toh hoga
User 1: kitna suspensee
User 2: haa be. gand marke khatam karo
User 1: whats your.tshirt size
User 2: ?
User 1: bolna making a tshirt for humaids bachelors
User 2: ohhhh medium large any
User 1: kya scene bro
User 2: yes so they are turning a blind eye i think i'm safe gg
User 1: 17dec thennnn acidddd
User 2: 18th shift hogaya but yessssss oh fuck i'm too excited
User 1: woahhh is the stash still there
User 2: haven't checked mom room mai hi hai loll
User 1: karna phir check
User 2: hai ab tak so interesting twist it's a random monday and my sister is coming to stay over family intervention lag raha hai 
User 1:  https:youtu.bejbdzd1oi6qe
User 2: this was actually a really good one thanks
User 1: abe dinner kiya ? tu jaan booch ke ye sab fake kiya na so that everyone is interested in your shitty life
User 2:  i went home and my sister was alone so i asked her if i'm getting fucked she said kuch bola nahi mom ne and then parents came pretended to be more sick and just went to sleep after that
User 1: could you call mopa and get the t-shirts printed
User 2: already gave the order
User 1: woah one step ahead of me
User 2: na i just woke up hours before you 
User 1: choot i woke up at seven
User 2: oh yeah college 
User 1: do you want to talk to the laptop guy im at his shop
User 2: yes where was your laptop dude where's his shop
User 1: navjeevan 7th floor seven hundred and twenty-seven
User 2: albert aa
User 1: abhi nikla tu pohchega toh call kar
User 2: waiting for shailly
User 1: best of luck see you in two thousand and twenty
User 2: we here maaz said let's get one more blot so six people can do it
User 1: woah
User 2: or like atleast whoever wants to
User 1: woah maaz is littt
User 2: or four people is also fine
User 1: but ill trip sit buddy
User 2: sakshi cried that's why he out  did your dude get strains for sure
User 1: will get it tomorrow hes asked me to call him tomorrow
User 2: does he have extra? for a friend's
User 1: ill let you know how many gs ?
User 2: puch toh le. lelegi meri dost. bahut paisa pada hai uske bf me paas 
User 1: ok ill let you know
User 2: two if possible
User 1: damnn can they transfer 5k ? like all my money will go in scoring for the trip
User 2: cash only bole. but theek hai. if humaid is giving rn and we actually get the strains then i'll go today only and get it
User 1: yaa strains hai uske pass i called him
User 2: do we have 5k extra for my friends 2g? i'll give that in the evening itself
User 1: ill have to see
User 2: when can i give you the money like before you score
User 1: yaa ill call you see what the scene is
User 2: cool
User 1: you sure about your strain scene
User 2: the 2?
User 1: yaa
User 2: ha
User 1: accha so pay me tonight and the acid ?
User 2: perfect. when will you give me tho meet me in the evening no i have plans for the night
User 1: ko kk
User 2: btw which one are we getting
User 1: jenit
User 2: bio
User 1: acid ka paisa bhi dena bhai aaj nai chor baad mai dena
User 2: trip mai bank mai settle karle?
User 1: nai they said the people who are doing it only theyll pay
User 2: yeah yeah obvious
User 1: so we cant put this on the bank
User 2: arre like i'll give thoda your share for the bank waise
User 1: yaa that everyone has to
User 2: ya ya phir udhar hi karte hai. let's see how many people do it. accordingly karlege
User 1: no see
User 2: say
User 1: you pay only half the other half humaid is doing
User 2: abhi se aise specifics mat kar. we'll see whoever is doing. then divide that equally and give equal shares to you
User 1: haa
User 2: when are you meeting me
User 1: just scored bro 6:30
User 2: coolcool
User 1: can i give 1g to aafreen
User 2: bol uske nahi hai
User 1: aur kya bolo gaali du ?
User 2: nahinahi abhi deliver hua lol ya one for her
User 1: where are you banaa make me group admin first
User 2: i made you fufu ka admin kabka bro
User 1: oh
User 2: i'm going to sleep now please do this
User 1: 1838'27.9"n 7324'04.6"e jenit bhadwe
User 2: acid poem kya hua bc
User 1: kya im just gonna think about this trip for the next week
User 2: arre what proof were you saying
User 1: haa bas
User 2: tp kar raha tha? 
User 1: nai hai proof
User 1: i mean nai , hai proof
User 2: dafuq.....
User 1: its audio tujhe sunaoga when we meet
User 2: bhejna
User 1: nai kinda unethical
User 2:  how would you even get an audio you weren't even there
User 1: exactly
User 2: abbe chutiya mat bana. i'm actually serious about that thing. it was a new drug and i don't want to fuck around like that so i want to know if it actually happened or not. faltu tp maat kar yeh cheez mai
User 1: it happened bro but slightly like you over reacted because of the drug and physically it wasnt that much
User 2: bro because after i felt the heat and removed my t-shirt i look feel lit up till my leg i could feel lit up
User 1: haha ruk tu mil
User 2: fine
User 1: 9:30?
User 2: i'll go there and smoke and chill, you come stairsm
User 1: text me when you reach abe ae
User 2: albert par hu just reached dad might pass the eastern freeway area anytime :p
User 1: should i get a j
User 2: duh
User 1: reaching in five
User 2: purple punch does that
User 1: no jenit im dieting you'll pass on cravings
User 2: mast hai side mai chocolate wali vest
User 1: kya sweet taste hai
User 2: haina 
User 1: isme sewing kit nai tha
User 2: iska baad woh hi jaega hahalhhha
User 1: abe i just realized i turned in dark mode on your phone
User 2: yeah lol you had band kiya phie
User 1: why wont you use it in dark mode waitt so is your reddit also light mode
User 2: reddit is dark rest is light lol chal i'll start using it battery bachegi bc
User 1: haa oled hoke bhi
User 2: drinks are fine
User 1: rimgoingtohellforthis
User 2: sounds like fun
User 1: make a different id
User 2: for what
User 1: where i can tag you do all the posting and commenting from a different id its very easy to manage bhadwe
User 2: are where do you control your profiles
User 1: tu thoda soch ke joke maara kar
User 2: maaz wala? 
User 1: haa tap on yoyr profile i on icon
User 2: oh man i kept my dealer in manipal ka nick name hahahaha trippynene
User 1: https:youtu.bewqa68oqr1qe https:youtu.beptiabltp4r8 https:youtu.bevccwhvciuw8 kya ignore kiya hai bhadwee tu mil phir teri maarta.hoo
User 2: arre just woke up whatsapp web chalu hai bro
User 1: kya chutiya aana kya karega yaha
User 2: arre i'm seeing my scene. if anushka can find another scene then perfect i'll come. otherwise we two will do something. baas once i leave for bangalore we don't know when we'll be in the same city for a long time isliye 31st uske saath try kar raha hu bro strains kidhar we score karu
User 1: no one has ya right now
User 2: 2nd ko roommate aa raha hai tab tak please try to find no
User 1: kya decide hua
User 2: 31st toh out booked a room finally do you have couple of booms?
User 1: no we haven't scored hash yet
User 2: arre i meant agar bachelor's se anything is leftover ;p
User 1: no
User 2: bro humaid is not comingn you deleted this message
User 1: kya hia mom kya bole bolna kutte
User 2: bhai behen pussy hai kuch nahi karti  that's not the gossip
User 1: hahaahahah jenit when i call you come at shaillys and take your half bag from me 900rs ka hai
User 2: okay bro so much is left  we smoked only five js
User 1: and sex ?
User 1: was it good though your new years
User 2: yeah bro it was too peace subah mast chai sutta bhi hua when are y'all back bro you have to take the pot from me tomorrow they confronted me about dands "dands" pura naam daldiya uspar
User 1: haa ill take it aur woh teri mom ka kya hua tu dand card khel bro best of luck
User 2: arre toh 31st pai scene hua but not complete
User 1: kyaaa
User 2: and then they found this bag also today
User 1: tu mom ko poocha missing weed ke baare mai
User 2: but sab cards khel diye allegedly didn't smoke it isliye they had to confront mom dad bhi jhut bole mai bhi jhut bola but since it's so fucking awkward kasam karva di and khatam kiya matter but a lot of shit to tell for sure
User 1: lets see if it was worth the hype or no
User 2: we are meeting without fail today
User 1: yes
User 2: were people detained from the protest
User 1: no they were asked to relocate to azad maidan
User 2: what about signing some form saying they'll go back home directly idhar detain hue the na
User 1: are because what if the protestors went back to gateway to protest
User 2: oooi madarchod
User 1: hahaha samjha nai lekin dadi ko https:www.reddit.comrfuturologycommentselbf2sscientistsdiscovertwonewcannabinoids?utmmediumandroidapputmsourceshare
