User 1: jenit . jenit . jenit . dude
User 2: helu
User 1: what r u doing for the swacch bharat thing ? . u planning on doing something here in bombay ?
User 2: my internship is already on going . so i have no idea . and their stupid website doesn't work properly . can we don't from manipal  ?
User 1: i dont know . but i was thinking its better to finish off during the vacay na ?
User 2: let me know any information you get on this
User 1: sure . u too . jenit
User 2: just talk to any broker
User 1: do u stay in the hostel or in a flat ?
User 2: flat
User 1: do u have any no . ? . ok
User 2: i got a new phone so no numbers . check on mutc . there are plenty . everything was given . except utensils
User 1: hmm . suck . so was trying to find out if anyone knew a place . i'll check mutc . thanks alot
User 2: place for parents or the kid
User 1: place for the parenta . mattress for the kid . thats what they told me
User 2: my friends parents were staying in a 1bhk in pratham pride and it was damn nice for a 1bhk . with a kitchen and all . that youget in manipal also so it's fine
User 1: do u know where ? . can u ask for the no . for them to call ?
User 2: no . alright hold om
User 1: thanks . btw for checking for flats how did u go abt it ? . i was just looking over the internet . got it ?
User 2: he said that he also did without broker through mutc
User 1: whats mutc . i typed it on google n it resulted in some crap . 
User 2: word of mouth and whichever ones were good and had free flats we went a check each one
User 1: oh ok
User 2: no idea about that in manipal haha . facebook page
User 1: damn . ok
User 2: it's the best for trading . check it out it'll be easy
User 1: acha i'll check it out . thanks alot yaar . this is the one ?
User 2: yep
User 1: thanks . dude . dude . dude . jenit . do v have to write io for the cn lab two
User 2: as far as i know, no
User 1: jenit . how do i download the image . its downloading as a video file . n then how do i add it to gns3 ?
User 2: sorry . did it happen
User 1: yeah got it
User 2: cool . can we ping from any pc to x .com or only from the other router
User 1: from any pc i think . not one hundred percent sure so just confirm the answer with someone else
User 2: i tried to set it up . from any pc to x .com is not working
User 1: oh wait i just saw in the corner . is 1 .1 .1 .1 the ip of x .com .  ?
User 2: yes it is in the dns server
User 1: if yes then i dont think its possible . caz looks like from ur fig ur routers dont send the request toward another router for that address . have u configured it to send the ping coming from any pc to go toward the router which leads to that dns server
User 2: so to configure pc1 will we have to do ip route 10 .0 .0 .0 255 .0 .0 .0 20 .0 .0 .2 ? . and the same thing for pc2 . right ?
User 1: yes u will have to do an ip route
User 2: thankss
User 1: no prob .  . lemme know how it goes
User 2: i'll do in a bit . hey ! merry christmas (belated)  !
User 1: bro . dw
User 2: what's happening ? . 
User 1: no submission or test from this . just dont let anyone know u know n i told u . caz they r trying to prank u too . 
User 2: parv on personal chat is also telling me that i have to submit . i sent eco guy an email already 
User 1: he's crazy
User 2: ripp
User 1: lol no prob . he'll just tell u there's no such thing . if he replies anything diff
User 2: thanks man 
User 1: no prob
User 2: what is the plagiarism thing bro ?
User 1: its in the format . for the seminar report
User 2: bro i presented mine and dint do anything related to this
User 1: haan caz apparently we don't have to
User 2: fuck thank god . chalo thanks . call arav
User 1: i gave him the key
User 2: thanks a lot for your help today dynelle . truly the savior
User 1: arrey no problem yaar . u take care ok ?
User 2: definitely :d . so lucky you were right there
User 1: i know . i still cant 4get ur expression after u fell . i was damm scared man . howz the progress today ? . now
User 2: bro it's was to scary . first time i blacked out . just getting the sutures . thank god no fracture like last sem :p
User 1: thank god .
User 2: the tripsy was exactly like three idiots . one handicapped in middle and two people getting him to the hospital
User 1: bro . dont . how r u feeling now ?
User 2: haha . surprisingly not hurting yet . good meds
User 1: oki goody
User 2: time to ask some extra time lol
User 1: from whom ?
User 2: ashalatha end sems !
User 1: lol good luck
