User 1: happy birthday  !
User 2: about time . thank youu
User 1: yeah 
User 2: thankss . after party is today
User 1: so blazer today or normal clubbing attire is fine . and where is sangeet  ?
User 2: clubbing
User 1: okay
User 2: blazer when i wear suit . ask na . i don't know what this is called
User 1: yeah . we are going back to the villa
User 2: ask for apranta . for breakfast
User 1: when should we come  ?
User 2: started . come
User 1: bolo . hey jenit ! which online portals did you use to appear for your gre mocks ?
User 2: the free tests that you get with great booking . and also manhattan and princeton . whats up with the hey jenit
User 1: okay , thanks .  . my brother said he has only forty bucks on paytm  . sorry man , i dont think i can help . ill still see
User 2: it's chill da . it's fine . thanks . don't do itna effort
User 1: ha bhai . ask your sister na
User 2: she's like ask dad  because her card and dad ka thing is connected
User 1: and you cant obv ask him  . start vasooli now . what else
User 2: hence the effort . bhai everyone is so fucked
User 1: great hai re tu
User 2: bc you live by yourself then you'll know  . are you planning for master or mba
User 1: master
User 2: chalo gtech
User 1: duuddee thats legit my first choice
User 2: if i get in then dikshita is also coming there . aajao
User 1: nice nice . only need to get a better score in gre
User 2: how much did you get
User 1: only three hundred and six  . will be giving it again in july
User 2: ha please
User 1: yeah . when are your sem exams ending  ?
User 2: i'm coming on 9th
User 1: oh . listen . do you know where i can apply for an internship  ?
User 2: internshala is the best option . i got too many replies . but they all ask you to do a task if short listed after sending the application . i couldn't solve take, study and do my labs and all so i'm fucked for internship . i'm going to start research paper this summer . my friend wrote one, like a fucking good one, so i'll ask him how to go about it
User 1: oh okay . even ill try out there then
User 2: let's do research together if you don't get one
User 1: idm . but the thing is i have my sem exams in may, wont be able to devote that much time also . so you wont be doing an internship then  ?
User 2: i'll try for couple of weeks after my end sem then stop
User 1: okay . see dude i really didnt read much but o read about that nexus part . what you did was very natural but also wrong . tell her this . tell her not his manner you will be sorted . in this  . happy birthday bro . phone utha leta bc . mayur and i are together only
User 2: i'm sorry i couldn't get back . thanks bro 
User 1: how was last night ?
User 2: yes . i'm sorry i didn't see any of it
User 1: drunk or what ?sorry bol raha hai . what yes ?how was it ?
User 2: man i had to attend this lab because attendance shortage . my head is killing me . why were y'all together so late tho
User 1: acha .  . navratri
User 2: aiyo i really wish i saw the call . your dp shows . we are trying to find dhols for our photoshoot as well  . too lit it's going to be
User 1: this is ganpati ka . youll might not get that at manipal . whats the theme  ?
User 2: nothingb . just diss other branches what else
User 1: acha . this is for farewell thing type or what ?
User 2: yep . photoshoots of classes
User 1: noice . youll have nau final year trip thing ? . any
User 2: na . but my entire class booked a beach house so tomorrow everyones going to be there . needless to say drama is approaching
User 1: where ? . obv
User 2: too many beaches around manipal . i'm going to take a condom just in case
User 1: manipal is on the coast ! ? . increase the count to 6 ?
User 2: duhh . inshallah
User 1:  . today at 8:30, right ?
User 2: how early can you come since mayur isnt going to be there anyway
User 1: idm 7:30
User 2: okay then 7:30
User 1: done
