User 1: hello, are you going to book tickets ?
User 2: idm
User 1: where are you
User 2: walking towards nlh
User 1: come to main gate
User 2: where are you you . send link
User 1: no
User 2: accha tujhe hindi aati hai kya ?
User 1: yeah why
User 2: bhai bhej de phir aisa maat kario
User 1:  . its a scam link da . obv
User 2: you said it's good print
User 1: proper leak will only happen tomorrow night .
User 2: besharam
User 1: le lo . lol divya is in the room talking about the treat . lmao
User 2: please include yourself in the convo . i dare you
User 1: absolutely not . its one thing to not invite . coming and talking in front of me is just sick
User 2: and then rub it in your face
User 1: but okay nvm
User 2: arre but do something crazy in college
User 1: yeah ok in one sem ill do everything
User 2: next sem we are keeping for your guy . guy scene
User 1: no thanks . i dont have the patience . but one good friend circle would help . clearly thats not gonna happen with these guys
User 2: come home more often . you will find my friends very degenerate but everyone is beautiful af . even dik doesn't judge them . these hoes ain't loyal . main thing i learned in engineering
User 1: haha idm, ask your friends to wake up on time for ep3 plis . the last time i had a good girl gang was in 12th grade  . i miss having a girl gang tbh
User 2: ep3 they won't watch . we can't even watch in the hall . you deleted this message . we'll have to watch on laptop only : . both have exams on monday so . no . most of my mumbai friends were girls which literally forced me (mentally) to leave mumbai  after 12th hence i'm here . you should have a guy group where no one wants to sleep without . bestt
User 1: idm that also . ayyoo
User 2: don't ditch but come . do you have eggs
User 1: arrey you and dik only watch, ill sleep off . yeah why not
User 2: then have breakfast and go . didn't even read this
User 1: stfu . next are my pes, ill have to compensate for all the shit i did this week . ayy man i wish it leaked . too many bad days . one nice ep is needed rn
User 2: just come da . longest episode in the history ! . true . shi . don't say all this . you study now na . anyway you don't have a treat to attend
User 1: you cut down on the pda ! . ugh . low blow
User 2: you relax da . i'm also going for the food tbh . fuck all company
User 1: enjoy
User 2: urgh . oh i didn't see this before . lol no . too cute she is . can't stay away . and also . tell me why tanisha is a bitch . dikshita said she told you and forgot
User 1: ha okay but its a lot in public . how was party . did you eat chilli cheese fries
User 2: i ate too many things . beautiful . lel .  .
User 1: arrey even i dont remember clearly, it was too long back
User 2: okay i'll selling cinnamon buns . do you want to buy one for one hundred and sixty
User 1: no thx . wow what a rip off
User 2: they are big . that's what she said . they are creamy . buy
User 1: thats what she wanted but didnt get
User 2: no one we know
User 1: gifts are accepted . lmao
User 2: broke af . i'm waiting for money to just show up
User 1: selling overpriced buns is not the solution . ya thats everyone all the time in their life
User 2: sometimes it does happen . i'll eat it all i guess . or maybe save it for monday morning got lol
User 1: good plan
User 2: you're not coming anyway loll
User 1: ik
User 2: don't watch leaked omg
User 2: did your study
User 1: lol no . i went to buy anand and that guy gave something called tarang and said its the same thing . but what a scam . apparently they dont sell anand anymore fml
User 2: i'm going to study and make up for the shit week so i can't come for goy . good one . did you but it tho
User 1: ya ! and it was such a scam :(
User 2: you took in the morning ?
User 1: no da . last night . i need to start studying now lmao
User 2: dude chantal and shahid and saurak were invited . and saurak was invited they spoke about the treat in front of him . wtf
User 1: ayy . idc . like i said . not happening with this group
User 2: you wanna k now who dies ?
User 1: no . send link !
User 2: do you  want spoilers
User 1: can you not . dik watched ?
User 2: dude no one has seen it i really wanna talk about it
User 1: stfu
User 2: isn't she sleeping next to you
User 1: yeah lol . why didnt she come . she was super hyped no
User 2: we had to watch it in room so she said she'll wake up and see . wake her up and watch
User 1: she has your account deets ?
User 2: yes sent her
User 1: great one . okay shell wake up only by twelve
User 2: atb not getting spoilers
User 1: ugh . wake her up jenit
User 2: she's your beast to tame now
User 1: nvm then
User 2: atb
User 1: what a great ep . omfg
User 2: is dikshita sleeping ?
User 1: no
User 2: whatever i said didn't happen so
User 1: what
User 2: don't be mad at me
User 1: dont be annoying
User 2: cool . lets hope you get invitred for this one
User 1: lets hope you do too
User 2: i'll sit this one out . so you know right
User 1: 0
User 2: true . chill to sit one out
User 1: you also
User 2: i was never going to be invited . you had a chance
User 1: this is the number of fucks i have to give :)
User 2: how was your paper
User 1: amazing
User 2: fren
User 1: yes friend
User 2: you left so abruptly . even dikshita couldn't catch you . happy holidays
User 1: she was busy dealing with you know . i left her a message, she didnt reply . i love it, so much time to do nothing
User 2: yeah her phone broke so . i know . yesterday i slept at like 4:30 pm . woke up today at six am
User 1: is everything sorted now ? . good job
User 2: yep
User 1: are you interning in the summer
User 2: man all the employers wanted me yo code to check if i'm good enough for the internship but then one hand and too much college pending work so i couldn't submit shit . so no :'( . are you ?
User 1: yeah from next monday ugh . whatll you do for two months in bombay tho
User 2: where . going to go to parvati valley for trekking
User 1: nxp
User 2: and research maybe . o
User 1: where is this place
User 2: north india . lord shiva place of india basically
User 1: nice . where is dikshita
User 2: chennai . for upasanaas sisters wedding
User 1: ahh
User 2: why'd you leave so early . what did you do on the last day ? !
User 1: why stay back
User 2: chill
User 1: i didnt have an oe paper know . manipal gets to you after a couple of months, i was waiting to leave man
User 2: tbh even i'm waiting to leave . tomorrow . oh yeahh . too lucky . such a shit sem
User 1: yeah man i grew up a lot this sem . all this while i was wayy too comfortable . this sem taught me a lot about people . lmao
User 2: i was talking about this yesterday only with my roommate . we became adults by ourselves through and in manipal . i'm waiting for dikshita to grow up real fast since only one sem left . urghh
User 1: elaborate
User 2: like she gets hurt really fast . only that part . not by me . like other mostly
User 1: you do realise you cant go around breaking up and expect her to not get hurt . why so impulsive
User 2: she broke up both the times  . like at least said it . and then she's like why you so serious about it man . they are just threats . i'm like 
User 1: whats the issue with her class people . that pranjal guy . you know he doesnt stand a chance when compared to you . let her be friends then know
User 2: everything is sorted . let it be known that jenit took the higher road
User 1: idk how you guys sorted it . but okay . one more sem left . enjoy it while it lasts
User 2: she wanted something i couldn't give her . so we fought . then i gave it to her . so it got sorted
User 1: lol . okay then
User 2: may i know what happened with your boy
User 1: ill tell you . not over text . too complicated
User 2: seedhe seedhe samjha do
User 1: arrey . not like this . too much it was
User 2: but he a  no ?
User 1: towards the end he became one
User 2: aww . sad . but it's fine you don't need s . pun intended
User 1: yeah true . i just want to finish college and fuck off
User 2: listen . what did anjali tell u . about me not calling her to eot n al . dik was telling . lol . i'm not getting into this . also,  . divya
User 1: tell her i didnt tell you anything, which i didnt anyway . what does dik know . you told her ?
User 2: not yet . i didn't tell her anything . she might have told her you felt bad it something
User 1: are you sure . how will she randomly say that man
User 2: dikshita knows that i know and that we spoke about it
User 1: arrey man . i specifically told you not to tell her know . ugh
User 2: no she already knew da . remember when she video called me . she said she was going to class party . but she was actually going for the treat
User 1: that was before sriyas treat
User 2: i didn't tell her what we spoke about tho chill . she's just like don't talk about it with her she will feel bad . so i stopped . real classy people in manipal i find it funny
User 1: what did you say after this
User 2: haven't replied yet
User 1: what are you going to tell her . i hate this gossip cycle, its freakin immature
User 2: you tell me what should i . it's your thing
User 1: tell her that you just told me youre going for her treat and i was like oh okay . bas
User 2: okay . just one more sem
User 1: lol youre besties with them, im not so its mostly okay with me
User 2: i guess . after things went south with saurak parth nethraa and all we were kinda removed from the group . all the times left seem like weak ties only so
User 1: still part enough to be invited to treats lmao . i try as much as i can to stay away from gossip . itll always catch up to you
User 2: only with divya . that also because of dikshita i guess . if we weren't dating then i would not have been . and sriya is too close to saurak and parth so no scene there . but receiving gossip is fun . i feel like varys
User 1: as long as they arent talking about you 
User 2: obviously
User 1: tell me what she says
User 2: but what did she say
User 1: i said,  oh lol okay cool 
User 2: she just said hmm
User 1: good one . man, im so out of shape . fml
User 2: lol you used to be that athletic girl with a bf in the first year  . i'm mostly going for a treking trip . need to get into shape before that . i hope i can lift at least 15lbs dumbbells . otherwise i'll be too embarrassed to lift anything at the gym
User 1: still am, just got rid of the bf . i went gymming and swimming and now im beat . ya work out jenit what is this
User 2: remember i broke dikshitas phone ? . now i have to use a dabba phone next sem and give her my phone
User 1: why would you break her phone and all . stupid boy . how did she cover that up at home tho
User 2:  .  . that jenit broke it
User 1: ayyoo . great
User 2: did you parents know about your relationship
User 1: ya . they approved big time also
User 2: what was their reaction
User 1: not so great . but then my dad met him . and realised he was a decent guy . checked a few boxes . so he was like okay . for the most part he was, the live in relationship fucked us up pretty bad . i take equal responsibility
User 2: what live in . where did y'all live in the 2nd year
User 1: his last sem, he moved out, i used to kinda stay there too
User 2: aisho . it good that bad uh ? . got
User 1: yeah i mean it wasnt as expected
User 2: aww he was holding out on you ?  . lol . did you see it omg . tel . oh right you have work noe . so you probably haven't seen it . muhahaha . i have the power
User 1: ya im working . so much esd . ugh . but the office is massive . with great power comes great responsibility
User 2: which company . hahaha it's fine you're good at it . ded . like so many characters today
User 1: nxp semiconductors . i havent even studied this fml . do you want me to hate you ?
User 2: lol they rejected through the automated mail . rip . you're in ice right ? . i know it's there in e . but i'm so nice . dw, it'll be a good episode . once you get back . text me once you're done with it . have to many memes
User 1: why would you apply here its not even related to your branch, full core rd . ya dik would have enjoyed . ok will do
User 2: nevermind i checked again, it was dxc technology :p
User 1: omfg . i loved it . what a great episode . arya is my queen . so much happened . jamie dies . omg . danny went batshit crazy . fucking idiot danny . i was rooting for her . ok enough caps . obviously im yet to process this mfin episode . but wow
User 2: jon is like .  . meme time
User 1: she lost it because he rejected her fucking ruined her character so much .  . but they ruined it for me . its ruined now
User 2: who they ? . ruined last episode ?
User 1: d and d . ruined characters and show . last episode is either arya or john trying to kill danny . but failing . and then running away . and danny ruling over dothraki the only peeps left
User 2: loll . hahahaha . that's def not gonna happen . she ain't surviving got . dikshita got to know the end from somewheres
User 1: they ruined her character bro . they built it up and i was so happy one strong af female character . and then boom . this is typical got
User 2: all we know is dany is ded . they showed it in the house of undying as well man . true
User 1: dik is just annoying like this . gotta stay away from news
User 2: she sent me a voicenote
User 1: youll also ruin for me ik
User 2: and i said i'm nkot listening because there might be a spoiler
User 1: plis dont
User 2: and she's like no . then i heard it . and i was like wtf . she's like oops . no . you're nice
User 1: if they had killed arya no, i would have stopped watching the show for real
User 2: i won't . dude rr martin's wife would have divorced him
User 1: they showed her walking around in ashes
User 2: she is def not going to die
User 1: which is true
User 2: this came out like some ten years ago . noo
User 1: lmao
User 2: she was in the throne room
User 1: shes queen of ashes now
User 2: with everything burnt (because as we know she burnt it)
User 1: sad girl
User 2: and after that she walks into after life to meet drogo . i hope jason mamoa is there in the last epi loll
User 1: the only man who truly loved her . yeah ill flip . but listen . everything that everybody does is for love . every single goddamn decision is because love . danny felt alone after john not loving her . went and burnt a bunch of peeps . cersei went crazy first only after robert not loving her . gendry will be daddy version 2 .0 after arya rejecting him
User 2: yeah man he is a lord and all now . but we won't see it so eh . na she was like that since childhood . they showed it in the season five premiere first scene too . and love for missandei
User 1: too much . and they killed cersei in the shittiest way possible . although she was with her otl . but buried under rocks is just meh
User 2: dude i was hoping they wouldn't escape . so so i guess . but jaime killing euron was bs . euron killed two sand snakes in two v 1 . and couldn't kill a cripple . naa
User 1: i wanted them to escape and live somewhere happily . only bec i liked jaime . but nvm . fuckboi left brienne
User 2: na she didnt deserve that . that's what you get for being so ugly boi . results are out mostly . lol
User 1: ya not opening . typical slcm . fuck it
User 2: no . its opening . check . fast
User 1: nahi bhai
User 2: everyone doesnt know yett
User 1: its crashing
User 2: like your physique
User 1: like your relationship . 
User 2: like your last relationship
User 1: hence, last
User 2: now directly arrange marriage ?
User 1: no, its crashed so hence its last . yours is ongoing da . dont let it crash
User 2: so prolly this hm . never . dw we sorted everything out when we were drunk
User 1: shaadi pe bulaana
User 2: by sorting, i mean she got her way without any compromise so eh
User 1: drunk sorting out is just for action later on, come at me
User 2: no . its done because rn also shes doing what she wanted to do . and i have accepted it so . i'm not coming at you, i came on her hahahahahahahah
User 1: thats good . details you fucking keep to yourself
User 2: thats exactly what she said . wooho
User 1: bye jenit
User 2: i jk man . i'm not allowed to touch any girl and i'm not allowed to touch her either . im a guru . pandit . gyani
User 1: wtf
User 2: knowledge is all i seek
User 1: why . knowledge is power
User 2: i take what i'm given and nothing more . dikshita has a tight leash like that . dude i saw my cgpa and thought it was my gpa and got so happy . then i realised . mann . fuck
User 1: mines not even opening so stfu . so your cgpa is 9 .5 . wah
User 2: 8 .67 . where you get such numbers idk
User 1: ayy man thats the kinda cgpa thatll get you a good job . no ones going for the extreme toppers . middle men is enough . jaadu
User 2: man don't use hindi . doesn't suit south indians . cringey
User 1: youre not the boss of me bitch . my hindi is actually decent . for a south indian . but ya i get what you mean
User 2: the day you are allowed to talk in hindi is the day you stop finishing your sentences with "uh' . "oh you already had your dinner uh"
User 1: i actually dont talk like that . too many stereotypes . fun fact, i dated a jain in school and gave up non veg because i thought it was cooler . fuckin manipulators
User 2: tbh yeah . lol . but if all smokers are bad, all south indian are uh .  . gave up for how long ? . heshe made you stop ? . hahahahha . we are the fucking worst
User 1: for like a couple of months . then my friends were like bruh why . sorta, i mean, i was also pretty stupid back then, not anymore ha
User 2: exactly . live relationship will work wowe my bf is the bestt
User 1: young and reckless lmao . also life is experiential like that
User 2: how many months did you live in for ?
User 1: four
User 2: mann . i'm sorry . you deserve better . download tinder and let it ripp . ps you can put no hook ups in the bio . but eh, that's what you need rn (from my perspective) . again, i'm sorry .
User 1: this i now . this was boring so meh . plus, i need to focus on myself now . to love to give anyone else but myself . no . this makes sense, but i cant seem to find a decent fellow in manipal . so nvm
User 2: was ? o . interesting . how many failed dates did you come across . tell me about the creepiest one . worst excuse . so you give up like a wuss ? . how will you explore yourself if you don't get into different situations . you won't grow like that no . more you go out, more you'll learn stuff about yourself, hence then only you can grow and understand yourself
User 1: how many tedx speeches did you watch, oh wise one . i didnt go out on dates tho, so . but yeah i get what you mean
User 2: wuss . this is me myself and i . all og . i'll set you up with the boi who kept dropping drinks on you . i really feel y'all are perfect for each other . good pair, in my opinion
User 1: harshith ? why do you think hell be perfect for me ? . not like you know me well enough to know whos perfect
User 2: harshit . idk why he'll be perfect for you . true . all i can do is try . this is also my motto for engineering
User 1: for lyf
User 2: anjali . have you been exercising  ?
User 1: ya why . watch jumbo
User 2: i've seen the original one . not the one that was recently released will be released soon . man i need to get in shape for trek . today i tried 15lbs dumbbells and i couldn't even lift that . it pains . and dikshita wants biceps . steroids is all that's left now
User 1: hahahaha . bro dont . man why you resort to such extremes . less marks  start smoking . cant lift  steroids . youre truly living in your own world
User 2: you make me self introspect more than anyone i know . hm . see this runs in my family can't help it  . obviously not going to do . i'll just stay skinny i guess . aren't we all ! .  ?
User 1: all the more reason for you to not get into it . dik wont tolerate a smoker for sure . even you know that . ive been lecturing about this smoking thing to far too many people . ive gotta stop
User 2: okay . if they're going to stop, then they'll stop anyway . so chill . eh . if you care, might as well show it . man harshit is moving out . he wants to stay with other friends . and our neighbor is moving in . like we all are in the same group but i'm dreading to live with the neighbor because i know it won't be as peaceful . every fucking day new bt . can't catch a break
User 1: convince him not to . who dis boy  . is it saurak lmao .  . are yall ever gonna bury the hatchet
User 2: yeah no . he's getting his ass whooped if he comes near me and dikshita he knows that lol . the tall guy from dikshitas party ? . man they are same branch and all . loll no . i don't talk so such low lives . do you even know the reason why i hate them ?
User 1: agrim asked dik to get out . something along those lines
User 2: it happened way before that
User 1: which was a  move no matter what the context, i was shocked
User 2: nevermind it's fine leave it
User 1: hmm okay
User 2: this is why i started hating agrim
User 1: and nethra also ?
User 2: nethraa because she was a mental torture to dik . and a disgusting hypocrite . this i want to elaborate on . like one instance . so when apratim and vasvi we're hooking up, they'd come to our place total 3-4 times . then months later after nethraa and agrim started hooking up, they used to come to our place wayy to often . and then someone told me she was telling all the girls that it's so disgusting that apratim used those guys for the apartment . i'm like ? ? bitch it's my decision . so when i called out her hypocrisy, she still had excuses for that . and she really was a shit roommate for dik . so that was that . like rn there's no enmity . at least from my side . just like out of sight out of mind
User 1: best solution
User 2: man im at this internship . like they are going to test me for a week . and the amount of work he hass given me to complete till monday is just like . umm . wtf ? . chut wants me to implement two research papers . and learn a new language  . i'm look yeah yeah ez
User 1: im teaching myself labview its going great thanks vv much . karlo, this is your life now . where are you interning
User 2: this place called dimension nxg . he's like i hope you join us because we're doing some cool iron man stuff . like with ar . so i'm actually excited . are you just learning rn or did they assign you some task
User 1: just learning to do task ugh . but he died, so like why
User 2: but it's a corporate company no . so it's fine eh . how come they didn't ask you to learn all this before . dude gs people had to do like some 5-6 courses lol . so that his technology can help the real world . and ar is pretty cool . and these guys work with the army as well
User 1: dude gs is the dream . idk bro . have fun, dont do kd stuff
User 2: haha why . kd ?
User 1: okay nvm its a south indian slang . i have a friend working there now and that guy is just killing it, great work, people, cash . hes going to nyc for an intern conference all expenses paid 
User 2: i hate all these all expense paid things . yes i won't kd it da . dude my sister's entire office gets like a proper trip every year . like the entire plane is basically just them . then they'll stay at a 45 star resort . while i'm in the local train stuck next time sweaty old dude . dudes . mumbai local are the absolute worst
User 1: ya they had a whole movie shot in mumbai locals and how its the og s for love stories
User 2: what do you do when you have no idea how to move forward with your project . and are too shy to ask the people in charge . and no one can help you
User 1: 1 . google . 2 . ask smart af girlfriend . 3 . grow a pair and freaking ask them cause youre just starting now and you cant be expected to know so much . 4 . if nothing, use your own maaru brains and figure it out ffs
User 2: nothing . she don't know shit . he didn't reply only  . don't give it so much importance . nothing much in there . also, how was were results  . haw you didnt reply only rude
User 1:  . ya sorry work busy
User 2: okay
User 1: ah so fuckall i cant even open ig until evening . but the suspense is killing me
User 2:  . man honestly . i don't know if i'll watch it proper ever again . once in a while is fine . they really messed up
User 1: oh god . okay start watching chernobyl
User 2: dude . so long story short
User 1: dont ruin it for me . jenit
User 2: im not taking the internship i would have had to work very hard for
User 1: oh
User 2: and which is 1 .5 hours away
User 1: what why . makes sense to not take it
User 2: and i'm getting an internship through reference . so when i went there today for interview and all, one thing i realised is that they don't expect any output from me, i'm getting the letter for sure . i don't even have to go there  . and the problem statement they gave me revolves around what i did properly and religiously in my last internship
User 1: where
User 2: so that i can focus on cracking g the interviews happening on campus and get a good job . cms infotech . see their logo, you might have seen it . it's proper corporate
User 1: how much prep do you need for that tho . so get the letter without even working; youre sorted
User 2: we'll find out . dude microsoft give 40l ctc . highest . so i'm sure the prep and competition is going to be instance . i'll do thoda lol 
User 1: yeah but see . is gre prep enough for placements ot
User 2: i'm glad all the good students got internships . i hope they get ppos and are out of the competition . lol
User 1: gd and everything is not upto you know . okay
User 2: when is your gre
User 1: idk, i havent booked yet, but im thinking about it . tell . whats the general opinion
User 2: how is gre prep related to online tests ? ?
User 1: arrey, same categories , quant qualt and verbal maybe idk
User 2: i don't understand your question
User 1: oh but ot will also have coding fml
User 2: yes exactly
User 1: do i need to prep for ot separately
User 2: don't even bother with english for placements . stupid af
User 1: and where do i prep from
User 2: ask your seniors what kind of tests y'all get . most of our stuff is aptitude or coding . english don't bother da
User 1: i have only v minimum companies that i can sit for
User 2: branch dependent no ?
User 1: ugh
User 2: f
User 1: no one is giving management profiles
User 2: why do you want management ?
User 1: only gs, deloitte, amazon lol and zs
User 2: you're doing mba after this ?
User 1: oh i cant do any more core engineering ill die . ya
User 2: o . bro i have no idea about management . who told you this tho
User 1: i checked the list, they specified the roles
User 2: if these companies give management roles i'm sure they will have separate category of tests for core and non core
User 1: and in that also they pick only mfin cs kids . ya possibly
User 2: 100 placement for out branch say whatt
User 2: bro do coursera management courses . there are tons
User 1: ya ive done
User 2: great
User 1: but i want the mba
User 2: time hai ruko
User 1: : . your sister is in pwc na ? . thats also on my list . ive gotta start my research
User 2: let me know if she can help
User 1: whats her profile
User 2: because getting in pwc works only through references
User 1: ive heard the exact opposite
User 2: chartered accountant in the taxation dept
User 1: shes ca ? ? . jesus
User 2: no bro . this i know for sure .
User 1: okay
User 2: marrus aren't allowed to not study lol
User 1: how many attempts . ya i know; the guy i once dated had one prodigal family of engineers and doctors and what not
User 2: one attempt more than the best case lol . when she finally passed, she came in the top ranks . but since she gave final call exam twice they don't count it something . she's beauty with brains .
User 1: omfg
User 2: get back in the game fam
User 1: no thanks too much effort i cant . ya i saw wedding pix
User 2: dude sulakshana monga featured her wedding picture on their story .
User 1: and one girlfriend also so why you complaining
User 2: i really got the wrong genes
User 1: who dis
User 2: not complaining hence the laughing emoji . wait . we'll discuss this later
User 1: but tbh . that wedding was so extravagant . omg
User 1: when the back up dancers showed up, i gave up
User 2: it's a status symbol .  . i want court marriage woohoii
User 1: dikshita will leave you there only boy . give little for charity also, whats the need for so much . dude that guy, his sisters wedding cost 50l and i flipped out for that only . mallu weddings are so lowkey its funny . legit one day and everyone packs up and leaves
User 2: yep my parents are damn into it . they gave blankets clothes and food in some village . only to poor jains . no other castes lol . cutee . true . but i don't remember when i last had soo much fun . especially keeping in mind i hate most of my cousins . and i have a lot of them . can't say money well spent but yeah . once a life . udaipur at least 3-5cr
User 1: lol split the bill  . i never understood jains, like you guys are a different religion yet pray to the same hindu gods ?
User 2: na i'm good . no man . like we don't pray to ganpati and ram and hanuman . we have mahavir . we pray to that chick also . the famous one . for knowledge . during ganpati visarjan, once in ten years parents go for the big ass ganpati
User 1: okay i just watched it . and i dont know how to feel . i feel idk . idk anymore
User 2:  ! . out of all the reason i didn't think got will make me dislike goy
User 1: memes before work is the way to go . thx
User 2: man my friend is dropping out of mit to join the army because he done with engg
User 1: what a great choice . full power to him
User 2: why do you also dislike engg so much hahaha
User 1: i dont dislike it . i just support unconventional career choices . army is a great choice, someones gotta step up and do it . and afaik, you come out super confident highly experienced after stint in the army . my eefm teacher bro . lft commander in navy . and now shes getting a doctorate also . ballr
User 2: haina . what about the ptsd and what not  . but it's fine . he's very patriotic and his brother is already in the army so eh . sharma ji ki beti . i don't even know how it must feel to be so successful lol
User 1: dude ive studied more in the last two weeks than i have in a whole goddamn semester . this internship is too demanding
User 2:  . but is it good knowledge . and are you understanding . and doing something ? . or just like chillin
User 1: ya ya ofc, i need to submit weekly reports and make presentations fml . thats what na, im actually studying
User 2: fking hate presentations . i feel ppt should have never been invented . all these teachers become too relax . what exactly are you doing tho
User 1: testing and validation . lmao . its ironic how im validating things lolololol . good know, so much bullshitting can be done on ppt
User 2:  . yeah but i don't want to pay so much money for them to teach us from fucking slides . also which series did you suggest . oh yeah chernobyl . i must . data structures can wait 
User 1: ya its pretty dark
User 2: it's a doentary right
User 1: yeah
User 2: happy birthday 
User 1: thanks jen  . no fun at office only more work ugh . but i might party tomorrow
User 2: been there not doing that hahah . plis . family dinner today ?
User 1: yess bday over
User 2: how was itt . show gift hehe
User 1: i didnt ask for anything yet . it was lowkey normal
User 2: good . keep the favor till manipal and i'll invite myself for whatever you're making us drink  eat . dude . such bt man . i'll wait till twelve then tell
User 1: typical maaru always self inviting . wtf tell
User 2: man my bachpan ka friend's marriage got fixed today . the girl is 17 ! . and that friend is the most immature one out of the group
User 1: disgusting . please educate your friend . actually better yet, please dont continue to have this friend ?
User 2: lol do you think he has a choice . he's the funny guy in the group and he was depressed af today . so like he was going on two trips and he cancelled those because  one more girl from our group is going . and those two are like school sweethearts and then they broke up but hookup on trips . to sad . dude he's beautiful . its just sad . worst,he and his older brother are going to get married together so like not even that special wedding
User 1: so cool, you can go to two weddings
User 2: no it's going to be the at same wedding . three families lol . 2000people . at least 6cr . and only one of them will be remotely mature
User 1: smh . this is straight out of some hindi serial
User 2: more like a bollywood movie . their cast weddings are too grand . and in mumbai  . too expensive . i'm back lol finally . must get cover
User 1: same phone ?
User 2: yes . but it looks so much more hotter now
User 1: lol why . show
User 2: new back and display no . how smarty pants how
User 1: oh you didnt get cover . ok . next year by this time well all be officially done with btech . i think seniors are done with final submissions
User 2: ordered . no chances now . obviously
User 1: i keep seeing these stories and im like .
User 2: yep . but december basically
User 1: ya
User 2: btt max
User 1: i have mixed feelings meh . idk . i might shed a tear . or 2 . prolly because of the alcohol . place taught me so much gosh
User 2: truw . on the other hand
User 1: umm kindly give context
User 2: the basically told me to sign something and they'll give me price money for my good performance . and i denied to sign it because i knew the repercussions . and not this
User 1: woah you should sue . identity theft is not a joke . i mean they basically stole your name and false advertised so thats not a joke
User 2: i mean i was in their institute but once they disowned me they should advertise no . they took it down lol
User 1: good stuff
User 2: must get microsoft
User 1: yeah you have bigger hopes for microsoft than me
User 2: does it give management
User 1: not that i know of :
User 2: so there's a twist
User 1: what
User 2: you meet i'll show the ss . beautiful . also, 102 over dikshita after what i found out
User 1: wtf . jenit . okay where are you . come to main gate
User 2: man i just got home . assignment no so got done early
User 1: ayyo . okay meet and fill in on the deets
User 2: trust me you can't wait for it
User 1: ugh so irritating
User 2: okay i'll send you the ss ?
User 1: ya
User 2: but delete after reading because i'm not sure if dikshita knows that i have the ss . pretext, they is before the breakup when i thought that were a good strong going couple while the relationship was thoda down . and the chat is with her ex where she was living in delhi before russia
User 1: so this is before she joined college ?
User 2: 3rd july two thousand and nineteen
User 1: so she got back with her ex this vacay . i am so confused
User 2: she just hooked up with before breaking up with ne
User 1: but she said already broke up . hoping to stay friends etc
User 2: when ka are you talking about
User 1: in the ss, shes telling him ki already broke up
User 2: yeah that's after the night they hooked up
User 1: how did you even get these ss
User 2: next evening . logged onto her insta
User 1: sick . oh
User 2: and the part where she cheated on me and didn't tell me and still told me that she wants to be friends . that's not sick ?
User 1: but you literally just invaded someones privacy . okay anyway . explain fully when we meet . this is scarring
User 2: because i needed closure that that bitch wasn't ready to give . i had to do something . lol you don't even know how movie like that break up scene was . confrontation scene . besufsy
User 1: okay but bottom line is . shes moved on . so have you ?
User 2: thats all you have to stay about whoriness ?
User 1: we shall talk soon . i cant text it . but more of this
User 2: vn
User 1:  ?
User 2: voice ote
User 1: lol nvm . meet me soon . but leave that . are you okay . how are you handling this . not with breaking hands pls ffs
User 2: done . i've never felt purer or cleaner . she was very toxic for me without me knowing it and fair enough my mistake . but now i know . i've realised that she confused her love with attention . whoever gives the most attention wins . three years i gave . and then the ex started few months back i guess . i knew their fucking pubg wasn't just pubg . and then she liked that attention better . and now in this semester, she is using that pranjal guys attention to satisfy her need to fulfill ego . divya shouted at her saying that dikshita you need to let that guy move on and not lead him on and she said that she doesn't want to stop talking to him . she confessed to me that she'd rather let her pranjal and kshitij be lead on than me . and i realised that i wasted three years behind a shithead like her but it's fine it was a good journey and j learned a lot and j matured a lot . fuck them cheaters . i'm happy and at peace . thanks for listening lol . readd
User 1: just reading . and wow . glad you let it out
User 2: haina
User 1: happy and at peace . good . always put yourself first
User 2: i want your viewss
User 1: i will share . soon . not over text da
User 2: fair enough
User 1: abhi im gonna go eat my dinner and watch hoc . see you soon
User 2: you're going to love the confrontation
User 2: hoc ?
User 1: house of cardss
User 2: shi okay bye
User 1: wyd 10-10:30
User 2: chilling in the break with you .
User 1: woah ok ready to hear your sad story . ab5 canteen
User 2: interesting not sad
User 1: hello where are you
User 2: omw
User 1: wait how do i get there . fuck im lost
User 1: jenit give directions
User 2: downstairs from new gate wala stairs
User 1: fuckin ab5 man . and then ?
User 2: where are you man
User 1: here man
User 2: you fucking didn't tell me your thoughts about her and the topic you 
User 1: ayyo . i told you, puts her in bad light . but i think you shouldnt go around talking too much about it to people . out of respect . my opinion 
User 2: this is an observation and not a personal opinion
User 1: its both . especially since youve got closure and youre at an okay ish place( ?)
User 2: i don't believe you but if you wanted to say then you would have so well .
User 1: arrey, we will talk about this more dw
User 2: i'm doing it for the pure need for vengeance .
User 2: man this is honestly the least i can do to her for wasting three years ya . college life ! prime time . she is the single reason that the girls i've been with is still in single digits . no kidding .
User 1: so yolo now
User 2: how about you do it first then i'll follow since you said that you are over him:)
User 1: oh but my life is pretty damn peaceful rn so im not doing no drama is the way to go
User 2: that's the thing about hookups, you don't have to meet them again loll . after three years i finally think i've grown up because i agree with this . such a time waste kinda thing drama is . something
