User 1: hey please let me know today's all shares that i owe you
User 2: four thousand, three hundred and eighty-three was total in hakuna :p
User 1: i'll ask parv to break it up .  enjoy the drunk 
User 1: this is your tez number right
User 2: yes yes . love love love the enthusiasm on the group honestly . 
User 1: thanks for starting it :p . will this be too much ?
User 2: i think so 
User 1: 2 at least cars to carry alcohol and shitz . add few portable speakers or just open up . the doors and play music in the car . but you're gonna need cars . at least 2 . zyada hoga toh dikkat nahi . this is all that's required . rest tum log kitna lit and creative ho uspe depend karta hai . go to sheffins under eot
User 2: in
User 1: this is for posters . i'm giving you all the idea . you make it work . good team . thanks .
User 2: fuck crazy crazy . 
User 1: or go to dots beside black cup
User 2: okay wait i'll arrange the water cannisters
User 1: rest, find out if college is providing dj or not . if not, y'all gonna need that too after you exit the campus after photoshoot . we need sober people for this incase the cops drop by but honestly that's won't happen
User 2: but yeah the sober people need to be driving na
User 1: bro for fire crackers
User 2: these are the ones that you light only once na ?
User 1: yes
User 2: where did you get the posters printed from ? i'll go pick them up
User 1: sheffins . i haven't paid anything tho
User 2: okay i'll do the payment
User 1: wait but i have the receipt . i'll send you a picture
User 2: just send a picture na . haan sort
User 1: hopefully he'll accept
User 2: send picture now na
User 1: wait i forgot there is no picture . just to him two banners that were given yesterday
User 2: what were the sizes ?
User 1: five by 3 . and three by 3 . what did the guy say . did you place the order ? . my roommate said the order was placed only money wasn't paid . so i don't know what confirmation thing he was talking about . sorry for the confusion !
User 2: yeah yeah we did . arrey no it's fine that guy must have been confused 
User 1: alright thank god . dw i'll contribute by crushing and rolling:p
User 2: no no, you'll scream your lungs out tomorrow 
User 1: dw that's given . hey ! i sent the five hundred and forty to sidhant by mistake, he'll forward you the money alright ?
User 2: haan haan done . anushka sent me this last week . it has lab 8,9,10
User 1: thanks !
