User 1: how was gre bro ?
User 2: i got 320 . but only one hundred and fifty-two in verbal . so a bit skeptical . who told you that i gave tho lol
User 1: you only . idiot . :p .  brownies . you said you were giving in a week
User 2: should stop doing s . 
User 1: ahahahahaha . 
User 2: did you sign up for the ai ml workshop . do you want cd lab codes
User 1: yass
User 2: email . give
User 1: thank you ong . omg . send the pic
User 2: i'll keep forgetting for a couple of days sorru
User 1: shutup
User 2: bro pp lab . group ? . it's just me and sahil abhi tak
User 1: isn't it supposed to be only 2 ?
User 2: he said three
User 1: you guys carry on, parv asked me beforee
User 2: achhaa
User 1: sorry bish
User 2: bro have you been taking notes
User 1: omg . you're one lucky bitch
User 2: what's the scene with book3 chapter three
User 1: book three is what ? . opencl ? . chapter isn't there na
User 2: yes . cool . you're texting on the wrong group . 
User 1: ya i sent now lol
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: i saw both . bitch . lolololololol . crazy
User 2: realised i've done this before and didn't wanna bring creepy 
User 1: shush . it's not creepy . which book to ? . yo . for eefm ?
User 2: sahils and dikshitas notes . see how i kept his name before my girlfriend's
User 1: arey . chapter one and two from where . hahahha
User 2: okay okay wait i'll check and tell
User 1: lololol . even im doing notes only . but just wanna see if anything extra in textbooks
User 2: our our did everything . dikshita told me she was sure . same teacher . so it's chill
User 1: accha . but still
User 2: fundamentals of financial management
User 1: by ? . bro who's the author
User 2: james van horne . john wachowicz . bro send the graph solutions .  . send asap please . thanks js . lab five
User 1: you wrote everything ?
User 2: no bro . tomorrow morning :p
User 1: thank you tho 
User 2: the 4th is not fully correct . so for end sems don't refer that . for lab, it will parse few string so it's chill
User 1: okay thanks . i haven't written tho . :(
User 2: woke up at 6
User 1: you have pcap codes ?
User 2: yes . which lab
User 1: pp lab nine
User 2: eight you mean ? . opencl na
User 1: yrsyes . sorry
User 2: i just wrote the first one . i didn't send myself a mail
User 1: thanks !
User 2: there are two more questions ha
User 1: bro . what about adversarial search . alpha beta pruning
User 2: yes that's there to my bad
User 1: minimax . hmm .
User 2: fuck fuck . i'm screwed . urghh
User 1: vah . how
User 2: yeah all that is there too
User 1: you have time
User 2: assignment i have to write all with left hand ya
User 1: fuck
User 2: i'm not even giving the exam . loll
User 1: hahahaha .  . come today pls
User 2: labs bro . let's do it tomorrow na . it's friday also
User 1: you have last lab for cd ?
User 2: no i bro i haven't done it . did you get the op . did many got it
User 1: idk, left early . yaa, messed up thewrite up a bit
User 2: fuck . okay thanks
User 1: wby
User 2: don't ask lol . left hand sucks
User 1: i can't even imagine . :(
User 2: bro . can you please do me a favor . our report needs to be printed . she's not allowing us to leave
User 1: send
User 2: i'll send in 2 . just writing the final part . thank you so much
User 1: bro fast .
User 2: yes yes
User 1: bro there are too many fuckijg people
User 2: accha you leaving ? . accha it's fine we'll figure something out . thank youu . you deleted this message . bro how do you get the tokens without using spaces in the ip code
User 1: i'm thinking of using strtok
User 2: what is that . also please send lab2 code
User 1: tokenizer function in c . lab2 i don't have lol
User 2: but you still need a delimiter no . what if there is nothing . like abc;
User 1: strtok takes a set of delimitiers
User 2: arre but we cant use spaces right
User 1: bro can you get the  pls ?
User 2: you deleted this message . i'll talk to arusha
User 1: ya bro . plspls
User 2: dude
User 1: yes .  ?
User 2: i don't want to write on the groul
User 1: happy four hundred and twenty btw . regarding what ? . what happened ?
User 2:  hangover . the  yall are going to smoke today is too fucking strong . dude i barely walked till the auto stand . tell these guys in out when the time is right 
User 1: yes pls
User 2: please don't take more than one shot
User 1: okaay coolcool . why can't you say this ? . you're not coming ? :o
User 2: arre dude i don't wanna ruin anyone's mood or annoy them . especially on four hundred and twenty
User 1: yesyes
User 2: planning not to smoke
User 1: oh accha coolcool
User 2: yesterday was terrible
User 1: in the moment i'll tell them to be careful . i won't say now, no point
User 2: honestly you please don't take more than 1 . i went from being you (laughing like hell) to, "arav get me home please" three shots later
User 1: wtf . bro how .
User 2: too green
User 1: fucks
User 2: bro arusha stoll thinks im coming . bapre . awk . you tell them please
User 1: you are naa
User 2: bro i'm not smoking at all today . my health is fucked
User 1: you said you're coming anyway na
User 2: i woke up an hour ago . after talking to you i slept again because of the headache
User 1: but not smoking . oh
User 2:  .
User 1: fuck . take care
User 2: might as well study then lol . but dude last years four hundred and twenty was so good . shish . but the  yall are getting is lit . so thats nice
User 1: yaas arusha already has it kya ?
User 2: i told arusha whom to get it from . like they already know each other . so ask her
User 1: oh cool
User 2: how's the 
User 1: dead
User 2: :') . bro what are all the types of trees that are coming . syntax . parse . annotated paerse . dependency . thats all right
User 1: yesyes
User 2: in cuda arrays are stored in local memory right . which is unique for every thread . where is this local memory ? it's not shown in the diagram
User 1: it's basically a space in the global memory dedicated to a thread . i think
User 2: thankss . did you understand advaits doubt ?
User 1: yes . so the two statements he's talking about . one of them is reading from a . the other is writing to a . so he thought that should not be allowed . to occur in the same row . but the reading of a happens when the other statement is reading it's two params . and the writing to a happens later . so a is accessed at different times only . and not concurrently
User 2: this makes sense but you're sure about this no
User 1: idk lol
User 2: bro in semantic networks what does single rectangle and double rectangle imply ?
User 1: i'm so sorry
User 2: wouldn't have helped tho . how was itt
User 1: fine only . yours ?
User 2: same ya . first day today right ? . all the very best !
User 1: no no ! . 20th . but thanks ! :')
User 2: o . hi . how were your results 
User 1: hello . dude . idk how i got 9 .14 . 9 .18
User 2: keeps getting better . hahaha . congrats . when are you leaving for blore ?
User 1: how was yours ? . mines in hyderabad . i leave on 19th
User 2: ya see no need for such personal attacks . o sorry . arusha and i are in for a brownie sesh or a strain sesh . what say you ?
User 1: i'm ofc in
User 2: okay . since you got the best out of the three of us . you get to choose . do you want lemon haz . or girls scout cookies . or lemon cookies
User 1: idk what any of that iss
User 2: how about you just smoke everything ? . haha . i've texted arusha . i'll tell you once the plan is fixed
User 1: hehehehe yes pls . yes pls . plan for 16th onwards . before 19th
User 2: yep yep
User 1: i'll tell you exactly when i'm free . lets meet tomorrow na . who's your plug ? . dealer ? . in mumbai
User 2: man they don't reply to me . prolly cos i'm a guy . what do you want tho
User 1: my cousin sister moved to mumbai . she needs a dealer :p
User 2:  . what does she smoke tho
User 1: we smoke whatever we get
User 2: that's of the beauty of mumbai . you get whatever you want . 
User 1: toh bol naa . i want her to have fun . :p
User 2: where is she going to live . which area . tell you're farhans contact
User 1: dude that's not an issue . safe and all na ? ?
User 2: yes
User 1: where is he ?
User 2: breachcandy i think . wait one min i'll get you all
User 1: accha accha . bro ty ty . 
User 2: this one for hash . farhans name only
User 1: ty ty . 
User 2: if friends don't help to get your s who will 
User 1: omg i'm gonna cry . so what's upp
User 2: i'm bored to deatg . looking for work . working on my hand mobility . smoking up . the usual you know haha . excited for tomorrow ? ?
User 1: yes, how is this going ? . hahahaha :p . ya dude although the orientation is damn boring i've heard
User 2: dont miss dikshita anymore :)))))) loll . man you'll get goodiess . where are you staying rho
User 1: wow . they are providing acco . dude theres a guy staying in our apartment . 
User 2: wait how many people in 1 ?
User 1: so each room has two people . nikita and i in one . the other room it's some random girls . and the third room is him . so four girls one guy
User 2: this guy is going to fulfill some serious fantasies i feel
User 1: fkn hell
User 2: you reached right ?
User 1: yesyes . just a few hours back
User 2: hes going to be your gay best friend shut up
User 1: dude he's already asked us to go with him and his friends somewhere . 
User 2:  . is he good looking tho
User 1: dude no . 
User 2: ss to sohan
User 1: dude . i forgot to tell you only lol . sohan and i broke up . it happened last sem only . all good tho, nothing toxic or whatever . :p
User 2: oh damn . i feel like a  now . i'm so sorry . argh . may i ask why tho  . accha nevermind nevermind . then this indeed  . just select someone who is north indian . you're from mumbai, you're not allowed to touch the banana leaf people
User 1: omg no . yaya . there were issues going on in our personal lives and it was coming out in the relationship . and it started becoming something that wasn't very good for the both of us . and i felt that if it continued any longer we would've lost the friendship . like we still talk, and it's so much better like thiss .  . he is little weird bro . :p so no way ty
User 2: aiyo . at least yall still talk so . so theres only one intern or what ? . use it wisely
User 1: ya dude exactlyy . only one guy in the apartment and four girls . another guy may come . tysm 
User 2: no but like you'll meet everyone working there this summer tomorrow right . pray . dude how you gonna not smoke up throughout your internship
User 1: yesyes . hahahaha . i didn't smoke up since manipal . :p
User 2: it hasn't even been two weeks before . two months to go :p
User 1:  .
User 2: i had to go back to the class because i forgot the phone and that old guy is like how come you left without permission and then came back . fuckk
User 1: oh shit . :p . did he ask about me ?
User 2: haha no i got outta there asap . after us vishwa and all tried to leave and the old guy got pissed loll
User 1: lol
User 2: broi . fuck . that stupid app caps voice notes to five minutes . lost fifteen mins of content jeez
User 1: oh shit . how was it tho ?
User 2: bhai ne gaand phad di
User 1: saysay . give the deets
User 2: basically she's like stop spreading false stuff i didn't cheat and i said i have proof . she's like you don't have to take vengeance and all but honestly i'm just doing all this to make myself happy . different sides of the same coin . best thing she said is i was there for your surgery and you weren't there for mine . bitch her surgery happened after the break up  . also, she's like i did so much for you in the three years and you're treating me like this . to that, i just laughed bro . man three years were literally dedicated to her from cleaning her fucking dishes to providing her with everything a-z . bitches do be crazy
User 1: yeah makes sense . bro what did she say regarding the proof thingy . isn't she curious about thta . lol  . fuck, i'm so sorry bro
User 2: she literally said don't go into the technicals of the day and all  . if she didn't understand that i took screenshots then rip @9 .8 gpa . all that ends well is well and i'm fucking happy in life rn so don't be sorry because i'm not :) . so when it was over and we were just going back she said fuck you jen in a very polite tone and i said fuck you dikshita . best last words i could've asked for
User 1: omg .  . ayy yas qwen . oh man i live for dramatic goodbyes
User 2: you know it gurl . i tried to make it as movie ish as possible . time to upload the recordings to google drive
User 2: bro in the interview i said i copied github repos for both my internships, acted dyslexic . he said explain how the algo works and i said i have no idea . i told the hr guy i am going for further studies asap . i didn't greet a single person . i was crossfading till 3:30am and went for the thing at 8am still tipsy . i really tried to fuck it up bro this is not fucking fair .
User 1: wtf . bro, it's honestly not as bad as you think . in fact i know people who really wanted this . ipi
User 2: dude in hr he's like did you attend the ppt . i said i came but i was late so there was no space . he said stop lying there was so much free space .
User 1: wtf lol
User 2: bro i was more wrong in this interview than i was wrong in my relationship
User 1:  .  ?
User 2: only p . have to fucking look for a internship separately now
User 1: who all got ?
User 2: mukul me sahil teekay and i think 2-3 other randoms
User 1: acchaa . where are you now ?
User 2: harshits place . get forced to give a partt . get ready to tez
User 1: okiee . which number
User 2: yeah yeah wait . idk what's happening . this house has very gy feels fuck . must get out
User 1: lol . idk what gy feels is sounds like something i'm into
User 2: 91 ninety-one thousand and eighty-six 23433 . four hundred to this
User 1: no tez account hro . bro . isn't working
User 2: her account ?
User 1: check the number
User 2: ah fuck okay wait
User 1: bro it's not working
User 2: okay
User 1: no number is showing up
User 2: let that girl come out of her room
User 1: both of us tried . okie . done
User 2: cool now just waiting for the roll lik
User 1: lol . don't you just have to pick it up . wtf . 
User 2: someone is getting it . just wait for two
User 1: okie . i loved yesterday pakka we'll do it again some time
User 2: duh . were you serious about the jogging:p
User 1: so i'm going to goa tomorrow . so i thought i'll start when i'm back . 
User 2:  . so let me be the first one to order booze please ? . also i need shit ton because i have two parties left .
User 1: the thing is . i'm going alomee . alone
User 2:  ? ? . why the fuck . are you meeting friends there . you didn't tell me ! . too busy for video because of the company :p
User 1: hii . i'm with the dude from ms . lol . i feel like such a reckless kid tbh . miss you
User 2: such a movie like trip . old lovers reunite . hahaha it's fine last semester . miss you to . seminar was so embarrassinh today . needed support . shi man anushka you ditched . bro i have a lot of slides for it . whats the portion thi
User 1: no clue dude
User 2: can you make dcc unit three notes . i have remainjng of one and full two
User 1: where are the slides dude . she hasn't sent . bro when was this sent ?
User 2: no idea it was on the class email
User 1: bro what about it ? . she hadn't sent na ? . the slides
User 2: portion only we don't know
User 1: yo . we don't have the 11th ppt right ?
User 2: it ?
User 1: ya
User 2: nope .
User 1: okie
User 2: forty-five thousand, six hundred and seventy-eight ten
User 1: col
User 2: did you make notes for eight and 10 ?
User 1: how much time will ten take ? . no 9 ?
User 2: i haven't done these 2 . nope
User 1: oh shit . i fkn did it
User 1: ugh . ten is like twenty-five slides
User 2: just do eom now . we have time for it
User 1: rn i'm doing sna
User 2: break and dcc
User 1: i'm left with link prediction . i'll do that
User 2: bro send me the pictures for ties . i was absent and don't understand anything whatsoever
User 1: then eom
User 2: shouldn't take time
User 1: i did from the text book only
User 2: sort please send ties ka notess
User 1: okaay i'm peeing rn . will send when i'm out lol
User 2: lol alright . thankss
User 1:  . ay . which ppts for eom ? . 6,7,8 ?
User 2: yep
User 2: are slides enough for sna
User 1: nah bro
User 2: what are the chapter numbers from the book then . is dinner on ?
User 1: idk bro
User 2: you reverse predicted it
User 1: fuckin hell .  . what did you say ? .  . that's sweet tho
User 2: won't reply . hmm okay then . i see sides changing
User 1: omg . lol . you started it ? . okay are you reading yhe textbook for it ?
User 2: bro don't do the text . yesterday ancilla herself told me and sahil in the lab that the ppts and lab manual is enough
User 1: okie . ty . hows eom going 
User 2: i don't care for all this anymore . i'm just trying to get through it . eom is first tho right ? 
User 1: bro i really wanna run away from all this . fuck . i'm so excited to work i swear to god . i cannoy do this stupid college shit any longer . ya
User 2: how's the europe internship thing going . also there's no way we can sponsor our own work visa right
User 1: what kind of sketch do they expect for mbo ? . o .o
User 2: i have no idea bro i'm done with the sem . bro wtf are those extra formulas krishna sentn
User 1: lol . yaa . also you said only out first 
User 2: i thought you were asking which one to consider as neighbor . so like if it's only out and not incoming then i think you can consider that edge for link prediction . tel
User 1:  ?
User 2: betweenness centralityy . i didn't mean on the group by alright
User 2: dcc ma'am said that she won't give docx for synchronization but then she sent two synchronization related docx . so that's it right ? we just have to do that only right ( seeing unit 1-3 from her docx are more than enough for those chapters)
User 1:  . you're not reading the book at all kya ? . and what about for nlp ? . just saw the mail lol she sent it
User 2: what are you doing for this
User 1: book only i guess
User 2: course plan ? . yes i'm up now sup
User 1: book is enough for nlp ? . i feel like there was more in the slides :p
User 2: slides is enough but okay weird flex . what isbnominal inflection
User 1: nominal inflection ? . noun-noun inflections ? idk . let's stone na . after lab . plspls
User 2: i have to kmc . the dept was on lunch break rn
User 1: oh shitshit . fine
User 2: i'm bunking lab wooho . i feel so badass
User 1: fuck im so jealous . finish off kmc now plspls . so we can stone
User 1: pls . naa . judgejen . 
User 2:  . i'm at kmc inky
User 2: too many kanadigas here . wanna puke
User 1: yum .  . hope everything is okie with you . hope it ain't any std
User 2: you need to be sexually active for that
User 1: ep
User 2: nigga i done
User 1: yaas . all good na ?
User 2: ya lol i got the medical certificate also too ez
User 1: where are you
User 2: homee
User 1: acchaa come naa . let's stone . plspls . before the movie
User 2: where . idm
User 1: you say ! .  ? . you have  ? . get na . to pearl
User 2: i don't have near enough for five people and it's almost over so roommates won't allow . but i don't mind scoring . ask these guys . i'll try to score
User 1: okay scoree
User 2: 1k ? . i don't anyone whom to split with no
User 1: five hundred for us
User 2: bro my contact doesn't have  . ask arusha to score no . bro . i feel that is easier and kinda makes more sense
User 1: why
User 2: like you paid for my ticket so i owe you two hundred and twenty and parv 150 .
User 1: :( . bro then in the end you'll have to pay only one person na . anyway . one roll is 1k score ? . i need five hundred ka
User 2: no i owed you three hundred and forty-four and owe part six bucks
User 1: arey . but over time . it'll aculate na
User 2: na i'm only doing it so i'll make a five hundred for you . accha cool no problem
User 1: so no worries . nvm don't want
User 2: don't play me like that gitl
User 2: batameez aurat . -ancilla
User 1:  . pick up ffs
User 2: sup
User 1: gokarna in . or not . will add you to the group . if yes . everyone is in
User 2: bro no scene . i'm really too broke
User 1: parv nikita sarthak sidhanth rev arusha . we'll pay for now na, you can settle later
User 2: i'm saving for long weekend ya . september 3rd saturday . then idm anything . sorry for taking your thing so seriously
User 1: hey . i swear i didn't mean it in a bad way . i'm really sorry . i was joking about it . it was thoda bitchy from my side but i swear i didn't intend for it to be that bitchy  . but honestly, i think you already know what i think about that whole situation, how she fkd up . which is why i guess i cracked the joke about it 
User 2: man the only reason i got a bit off is that i still haven't come to terms with the logging on situation because that says a lot about the darker me and i regret it and i hate that people know . i know it's safe with you so it's chill . and i take it more as witty than bitchy so g1@u . and i actually do know your stand on the matter hence i'm at peace :) . dw it's all good
User 1: sorry again kiddo
User 2: tmkc
User 1: i had to google this
User 2: it's your tag line
User 1: just had urban dictionary tell me 'teri maa ki chut'
User 2: it's alright . ai does that to the best of us
User 1: you're mad . 
User 2: my flatmates challenged . fuck being so high is not good  . i can fucking taste this just by looking at it
User 2: thank you for being my date quen
User 1: always bbg . heyhey . can you send me a solved example of entity resolution if you have ? . thanks !
User 2: left . byee
User 1: byee
User 2: control it with parv 
User 1: oh god
User 2: heard :p
User 1:  ?
User 2: walked on .
User 1: heyhey . all good with you ? . you wanna talk ?
User 2: the divya thing ?
User 1: ya
User 2: lol yeah . i'm just thinking of all the different possibilities of events and how i'm going to get react to them
User 1: dude, honestly, i don't think you should send screenshots . i think you should just let it go
User 2: i did do that remember ? now she started it by ruining my relations with divya
User 1:  . bro fuck it
User 2: but yes this a possibility . let's see what she replies on fb . are you purposely just trying to sabotage my friendship with divya like you wanted to since the beginning of the sem ? how can you be that self centered that you think i'm coming to the party to talk to you or make a scene . i wanted to be there only for divya . your presence there was always irrelevant . can you stop butting in into my friendships ?
User 1: yes this is fine . this is better than screenshits . also, you were super quiet yesterday . and you kept zoning out . and you would leave the group to be alone . i wanted to ask you then only
User 2: this is only the fb text :p . just one of those drunk moods . arre nothing like that . dw everything's good in that dept :)
User 1:  . okiedokes . mee aff
User 2: dude are too many memes a sign of depression  . ik it's a sensitive topic but can you forward me your tasks ka data . want to practice it :p
User 1: bro they told me not to forward :p . but tbh the data is pretty general you can find better data online especially regarding the portfolio ysis
User 2: okay
User 1: it's your fav song on the violin
User 2: which song is this . bro the kid hugging the leg was too cute
User 1: can't help falling in love . ya !
User 2: accha . not favorite . i just get fits to sing it . :')))
User 1: okay 
User 2: let's drinkk
User 1:  . okay :p
User 2: will be in fot
User 1: with
User 2: can be us
User 1: but you said you will be there so i assumed you're with people . :p
User 2: man these guys just want to smoke  here so i'm "sacrificing" and doing that . you're the new tiffanykaren . drank with arusha and rev anyways :p
User 1: i passed tf out dude . i slept so much .  . yo . let's go  to class pls . plspls . pls . parv has some  . you also get some
User 2: hi sorry just woke uo . i'm bunking today :p . too sleepy i cant
User 1: col . tctc
User 2: so tell me about the trip
User 1: ayee . lit af boi . 
User 2: okay i wanted dets but this does the trick :)
User 1:  . i'm meeting you na . at 7:30 . yo . you'll pick me up . otw ? . please ?
User 2: alright
User 1: yo . tell me when you leave
User 2: ready when you are
User 1:  . give me ten
User 2: cool
User 1: leave !
User 2: cool
User 1: i've come ahead . y the turn . at
User 2: cool
User 1: where tf arr you
User 2: breakfast ? . arusha and i are goingn
User 1: in
User 2: macd at one thousand, one hundred and thirty
User 1: okay . i'm coming
User 2: i'll pcik you up
User 1: till when is mcd breakfast open ?
User 2: we'll find out
User 1: i'm ready . breakfast is till twelve only . according to google
User 2: i'll tell you when to leave
User 1: quick . quickk . where's rush
User 2: she'll be there in ten
User 1: fast
User 2: let me fucking take a shot jesus what do a man gotta do for a nice kiss in the morning by the leaves made by god himself
User 1:  . love this . qwick . bro jenit i dont wanna miss breakfast there . pls . pls . pls . jenit jain . pls im begging you
User 2: come . i'm almost at kc
User 1: arusha has reached . okie
User 2: guess exactly where i am
User 1: where ?
User 2: 10cm from vai
User 1: what . pls keep mouth shut tyvm . lol . where are you ?
User 2: pearl :p
User 1: oh, why you there
User 2: i was bored and i don't know many people :p
User 1: yo is one thousand, six hundred for an ak47 strain expensive ?
User 2: m not . nope
User 1: should you use bongs for strains ?
User 2: no . if you really want to then first put a small tobbaco ball in the bowl first . and then pit
User 1: bowl ? o .o
User 2: like bong ja
User 1: pit ?
User 2: 
User 1: acchaa
User 2: so that it doesn't fall and get wasted . are you buying strains :p ?
User 1: what's a tobacca ball ? . friend is
User 2: like just take thoda tobacco roll it in your hands . like a very chintu on and then out it in the bong
User 1: accha .  . qlso . are strains worth it ? :p
User 2: jointss only then i feel totally worth it . in 1g you can make five joints . each better than the previous .
User 1: five joints wtf . that's a lot . five joints in one gram bro
User 2: if the person can roll thin ones . obviously
User 1: accha
User 2: i'm such a guru dude i'm not even going to be modest
User 1: how many grams do you get here in 500 ? . 
User 2: getting bad . 6-7
User 1: ohh i just realised with strains there won't be many seeds and twigs right ? . correct ?
User 2: stop embarrassing your father
User 1: pls help you are gonna make me better ty
User 2: sorry i passed out for a bit . so yes . less time left . it's fine we'll crash course it . so rule 1 . passing out like this is allowed and fun
User 2: rule 2 . always find a bae who'll crush for you . hey do you want to go to the salon together as pre photoshoot date ritual ?
User 1: hey omg . saturday after seminar ?
User 2:  . i'm still couldn't do it
User 1: huhh ? ?
User 2: no idea
User 1: how did you bunk wtf
User 2: i'm in the back . turn around
User 1: oh lol . happy birthday . i wanted to hug you . but i didn't see you
User 2: after seminar :( . :)
User 1:  . pick up !
User 2: how much more time will you all take
User 1: not sure . rev still has some stuff to do . rush and i arr almost done
User 2: and what scene after this
User 1: no cluee . i'm going back . for sure . unless anybody wants coffe
User 2: aren't we meeting with parv to crush and roll for tomorrow ?
User 1: i'm going back dudee . i'm too sleepy now lol
User 2: don't you have perm from today !
User 1: yaa but i can't stay out
User 2: oh
User 1: i won't be able to enjoy tomorrow . i'm too sleep deprived
User 2: haha true . why the fuck do you want coffee then
User 1: just makes me feel happy about life
User 2: i'm such a coffee
User 1: agreed tbh
User 2: aw . jee thanks . dude our video call last night is one of the last thing i remember before blacking out . so wholesome :')
User 2: are you sleeping or are you gonna come to sidhants place later ? . where are yall . you're okay now right ?
User 1: much better . fuck . dude fuckk you're so so nice omg . so so sweet . lylyly
User 2: all good :) . only to qwwens
User 2: what time is the cab booked for
User 1: 6:30 . it comes to kc . then i pick you up . cool ?
User 2: yepp . coming for procession  ?
User 1: hey . where are you ? . also
User 2: i'm rea going in five
User 1: i got this message . dear spicejet customer (pnr-g832rs): your flight dated 07-oct-2019 from mangaluru is on schedule . due to  expected traffic congestion on the road leading to the airport  at mangaluru, kindly report for check-in one hundred and eighty minutes prior to the departure time . please note that the check-in counters will positively close forty-five minutes prior to departure . looking forward to having you on board .
User 2: it's fine . if we leave by six hundred and thirty we'll be  there way before forty-five mins of departure
User 1: okie . yo . you're in campus only ?
User 2: yes
User 1: so are you gonna go back ? . or you'll leave form here only ?
User 2: did you get the cab
User 1: in it . arusha has to give me something . so i'm waiting
User 2: cool cool
User 1: i'll tell you when to come xown
User 2: okay
User 1: come down now
User 2: okayy
User 1: outside pragati
User 2: i'm so dead
User 1: got high ? .  . hope all is okay . also tell me what you got for your bday
User 2: this set of face scrubs and all . little do they know i'm going to need another gift for decembers trip  . bro . i just found out the trip is canned . week days people weren't able to come : . damn shitty
User 1: omg lucky . oh shit
User 2: perfect for me . i wanted booze from parents tho . oh well . i get this so eh
User 1:  ? ?
User 2: you dont know what do you meme ! . it's basically cards against humanity but instead of the black card, there's a meme . and in your hands there are captions !
User 1: ohh . you missed two seminars in this week omg bro
User 2: yeah i have six bunks including tomorrow's :) . something's are not in our hands and that's okay .
User 1: omg 
User 2: dude i don't know what's wrong with me . i just keep watching the youtube farewell video again and again and again . like what am i doing with lyf
User 1: omg same same dudee . aw so cute . how's home bro ? . also come to paris we'll have wine and baguettes together
User 2: really really needed this getaway . this sem i needed all my happy people around me . it happened so wootwoot . how was your trip . :')))) . did you get it ? ? or is the last interview left ? . but bro if you do get, fucking baguettes fuckk . that long ass brown thing is going to make you forget all the bad past experiences with long brown things
User 1: dude fuckin same .  . last interview on tuesday .  . hahahahhahaha 
User 2: how many people are present . is rev presenting
User 1:  . she bunkedd . safe journey boi
User 2: thought so seeing that we were both talking intoxicated to each other about rudhran and life in general  at 8:30 
User 1:  . best . i think she's in muscat
User 2: pearl city . she went only for a day bro . i thought you'd also be in pearl yesterday after coming back
User 1: oh . idk why i remember her telling me 12th . dude i was so so emotional after coming back from home . no way i'd have gone to pearl
User 2: why emotional ?
User 1: miss home a little
User 2: my god .
User 1: and i guess i'm pmsing . 
User 2: it's last few weeks in manipal . home is always there . i'm emotional because today i'll be seeing my cab driver ( the one i hire for airport since day 1) for the last time till like may 2020 . so yeah there are the things to cry about . i asked parents some money for donuts from the airport for roommates and my roommate's are like fuck that save it for a score 
User 1: omfg .  . yeah but idk i had a really emotional trip this time . really bonded and had a great fuckin timee . you'll go to hell . but col
User 2: good dad  . nice . i appreciate . i was low key disappointed that dad didn't gift me alcohol for 21st but ah well . you up for a foot long joint ? . ps, not kidding .
User 1:  . you know im in af . 
User 2: okay lez meet in the evening . till then, adios i'm flying
User 1: okiee donee . safe flight kiddo . yo . are you up ?
User 2: batao
User 1: did you and rush have a breakfast plan ?
User 2: i wanted to go to tc and she said yes but then she landed only at one thousand and thirty so i told her to sleep . i myself just woke up
User 1: accha
User 2: is she upp . idm goinf . let's do lunch . anyway justguilty won't come today . where would you like to lunch anushka
User 1: yo i'm too fkd . i will die by lunch 100
User 2: um what ?
User 1: i drsnk too much . yesterday . stayed out
User 2: so you still drunk ? 
User 1: little fkd
User 2: hahaha where'd you stay over ? . aww drunk little kiddo . sunday morning  . wait were you doing the walk of shame when you texted this 
User 1: rush . no omg
User 2:  . evening waffehouse . bro
User 1: heyhey . what time .  ? . i may not be able to come . i'm at the procession
User 2: where are you . i just came
User 1: om xerok
User 2: eta three mins
User 1: okie
User 2: i left ha bro . see you tomorrow
User 1: okie 
User 2: you didn't see the dikshita situation okay ?
User 1: nothing happened na
User 2: so i did the eyebrow hi . and said hey looking pretty in sweet tone . and simultaneously . she looked at me and rolled eyes the fuck back
User 1: bro . don't even try with her anymore . fuck this shit . how do you feel ?
User 2: na tbh i have been telling every girl in the photoshoot say that they look pretty because they really do . i guess it was too much . i'm fine only
User 1: it isn't too muchh broo it's so so sweet . nothing wrong with you . you should know that . wtf are the six dislikes for
User 2: thanks a .  . jealous nibbas with only guys in their class . we too lit
User 1:  . 
User 2: man it's such a sad sunday night
User 1: kya kar rahe ho
User 2: what i always do . with onesta order in . where are you staying tonight lol
User 1:  .  . block thirteen 
User 2: roommate luv time
User 1: yaas qween . you alone ? . or with peeps
User 2: i don't smoke up alone on a sunday night man . itna akela toh nahi . at neighbor's place utilizing his glass chemistry related equipment
User 1: bro  alone is goals na . 
User 2: yeah with a scenery
User 1:  . have fun . and clean the bong ty
User 2: been thinking of that . where to get acetone from
User 1: isn't that just nailpolish cleaner
User 2: interesting . i'll take that into consideration
User 1:  . omgg fuck
User 2: what time do we have lectures tomorrow
User 1: nine
User 2: fml . one thousand and thirty
User 1:  . yo, you're up na ? . we have seminar . ay . is thay she will be loved ? . don't be sad that looks like fun . next time i'm joining okay
User 2: don't crap me out
User 1: what you drinking ?
User 2: but study ? ?
User 1: nicee . i'll start in like half an hour
User 2: studying ? !
User 1: manual . bro
User 2: y2k . sup
User 1: haven't started yet lol . will do now . was playing cod . with my brother 
User 2: yeah i was about to say should have called me lol
User 1: i still haven't started ugh
User 2: miss you two
User 1: omg  . i wanna be there so bad bro . we'll learn the lyrics aah
User 2: tonight
User 1: okie . dude . did you get the code ?
User 2: i think one rep has it
User 1:  ?
User 2: mitcse 2019: github . copy and websearch you should find it
User 1: yeah . it has a lot missing . the folder is there . but nothing in it
User 2: rip . i've asked sahil . let's see
User 1: dude what is nlp ma'am doing in class rn ?
User 2: i don't know the name . parsing i guess . cd like . cfgs
User 1: is sna a lot after assignment portion ?
User 2: kinda
User 1: maan . fo . always bad news
User 2: yep, been called bad news before
User 1: whoops
User 2: wake upp
User 1: upp
User 2: oh dude rush just bunked the breakfast plan to study . she was asking me doubts and shit rn . fucking 7:30
User 1: dude i have to start it . so even i can't come . how much is it from ado .net
User 2: full . followed by the controls . detailsview gridview and all
User 1: will it take a lot of time ?
User 2: the entire thing ?
User 1: yes . i'm starting now
User 2: first time ever ?
User 1: yes . we have chapter 14,15,16 ?
User 2: yea . but in chapter sixteen just make sure everything is there . like cross check with the ppt and check if the subtopic is there . other two full chapters are there
User 1: okay cool . time to get fkd . bro it isn't much . i finished chap fourteen
User 2: gg . i did dcc one chapter . so we fucked for that at least:)
User 2: very fucking hard
User 1: shit . when will you start eom ?
User 2: so i'm planning to do eom from 2 . finish that whenever . and then it
User 1: acchaa . i think i'll start eom around 5 . that last chap in it is bad
User 2: and now ? .
User 1: it only . i hadn't read validation and master pages so i'll do that now . then just try that last chap of it . hopefully do all that by 5-5:30 . then eom
User 2: take time with the last chapter
User 1: yaa . i'm finishing off themes and master pages now
User 2: i'm going to nap for a bit :)
User 1: smd
User 2: bro i sutta in this . let's meet and do one 
User 1: now ? . so pretty bro
User 2: i want to but eom 
User 1: bro . all branches get the same eom paper na ?
User 2: yes
User 1: it hasn't been given leading in their portion . only organizing and staffing
User 2: yes we also have that only . we don't have motivation
User 1: then what is all the leading bs . then toh def sutta
User 2: that's not there
User 1: sort 
User 2: you were doing all that ? 
User 1: no no . i haven't done it . i was just wondering what the portion was  .  . coming to hashtag na ?
User 2: flake
User 1: we're all going . please na . for mee . you'll always chil with your babes
User 2: how's the scene there
User 1: just come
User 2: good decision
User 1: yes . thank fucking you
User 2: no thank you for being such a cutie last night :))))
User 1: what did i say . but yes ly a lot . listen . what kind of questions did she do from spectral ?
User 2: no clue bro
User 1: the slides don't have any sample question
User 2: do only text book . it is a bit harder than ppt but it's not much
User 1: i'm doing both . cause slides have examples
User 2: for questions and divya i'm sure she has egs . each column sums to one
User 1: i know . but how do they get the ratios
User 2: so for column one,
User 1: bro i did that . the result isn't matching . the matrix shown
User 2: wait . so the second matrix we get after expanding and inflatingn
User 1: yes
User 2: you don't get the exact values, they've rounded it too much
User 1: yesyes exactly
User 2: i got 0 .11 0 .06 . in the first column
User 1: bro do you understand the local clustering thimgy
User 2: send me a picture of the notes and mark the line with doubt from now on . i'm doing so many subjects that it's hard to keep fucking track of my brain
User 1: sna, other approaches (last section of the portion) . check the last slides l28, they make zero sense . tell me when you do it
User 2: send the ss of the slide . i've done everything from the text so . let's see the slides . send
User 1: thanks bro . you have divya's notes for sna ?
User 2: nope . bro how much did you finish
User 1: fkd . thought this would help you
User 2: thanks bby
User 1: fkd . bro . how to
User 2: i just woke up from a nap . i'm too sleepy bro
User 1: same . and i'm feeling feverish . fans off . dude how has she done the clustering here
User 2: no clue . i'll do this in a bit . rn i'm doing my notebook . bro we'll get a 6th order equation here . no way we can solve that
User 1: lol . what has she done in the last step . the assignment
User 2: i think so positive called in one closer and negative ones in the other
User 1: yaa but i think its on the basis of something . she's written take the second smallest val
User 2: that is of the eigen values that you get i think . tell me all the nlp portion . hello anushka . i heard you have bad fever . how's it going
User 1: jey . hey . i missed both exams
User 2: do you need someone to come to kmc ? . is okay
User 1: i went in the morning
User 2: have you ever given resessionals ?
User 1: no . why ?
User 2: oh bro it's too depressing . but it's alright . problem for later
User 1: bro
User 2: how's the fever . sleep in bro . rest
User 1: better now . dude i passed out in kmc . i fainted
User 2: aiyo . why did you go alone
User 1: bro everyone has exams na
User 2: ae man i was anyway not studying dcc  . i actually thought you did give dcc tho . you were there i mean
User 1: yeah rush told me that you thought
User 2: aw cutie . let me know if i can help :) . and are you coming to meet sidhant at 12 ?
User 1: i cant . i'll video call
User 2: okayuu . you rest now
User 1: hey . do you know sna ?
User 2: ish
User 1: it can be today ?
User 2: like that anything can be there today . i'm jsut hoping for the best lol . dont have notes
User 1: same lol . 
User 2: must post on diwali dude :')
User 1: for sure . hey what's up
User 2: nothing leave now . b or e
User 1: hi
User 2: hi
User 1: what
User 1: come bc
User 2: how fucked are you already . one to 10 . scale
User 1: vv
User 2: chal i'll come asap . i'll run . naruto
User 1: please . where are you
User 2: pray for me harder and i'll show up :)
User 1: fo
User 2: bro remember we did that dbms projects years ago ? do you have any proof that we did it ? like a signed thing from any teacher
User 1: fuck . umm . i don't think so . you can ask our boi the dbms dude . oi comr . we're at pearl . pls come
User 2: you deleted this message . i'll come soon
User 1: okie
User 2: i'm in b407
User 1: jenit
User 2: sup
User 1: you have  ? . up ? ? . im outside . not in the block . 
User 2: are you just roaming aroundb
User 1: pearl city . where a re tou
User 2: home . who all are up . always
User 1: me rev . vaibhav . divij . apm . pam . come
User 2: what time can one enter
User 1: we'll do chai sutta . kc
User 2: do y'all have sutta ?
User 1: seriously . i love you too much
User 2: :)))
User 1: delete the pearl message . from gokarna . tib and all not invited na
User 2: gg
User 1: phew
User 2: where you
User 1: c 602 . emerald . just reached
User 2: you had no bt no ?
User 1: no
User 2: haha okay then chalo enjoy
User 1: okie .  ?
User 2: the song ! . nevermind i was too baked so i sent only a second . for me it was longer tbh  . bro send some sic subreddits
User 1: will do abhi i've to study for assignments 
User 2: oh what a wuss . bye
User 1: fu
User 2: didn't even sutya . sutta . pff
User 1:  . yo, what is she doing in class rn ?
User 2: pretty lost too . you told me to text you when i'm high . well
User 1: ly
User 2: lol just woke up from a coma . hi bby how's dcc going 
User 1: best hahahahha . okay-ishh i'm going really slowly . i'll finish up unit eight then sleep, wake up early, write my manual,  go to class, give the assignment, give my manual to you so you can submit it for me, then back to studying dcc . how's your project goingg . clearly you weren't doing it abhi 
User 2: good plan .  . bro i woke up to eleven miss calls from sahil
User 1: bad plan ugh . omfg . jenit . you irresponsible fuck
User 2: no it's fine you need sleep you were sick recently . yeah he pissed . but even he worked slow . and according to mark distribution i'm doing most of the marks
User 1:  . oh sort  . ugh i hate studying bc . tomorrow nlp assignment also
User 2: oh fuck that is also left . bro . urgh . fine i'll do
User 1: lol . good boi
User 2: i woke up after a seven hour power nap so i think i'm ready
User 1:  . good for you . go ace it
User 2: dcc
User 1: smd . 
User 2: aww is okay dw resessionals are ez . what time is it at
User 1: 5:45 pm . fkn i'll be writing till 6:45 . what a bt . i'm gonna buy a bhang paan for the night for sure . and die at night
User 2: aww . since we'll be free after tomorrow basically, tell me, i'll get a scooter, you ride it from main gate for some quality chai sutta . or this
User 1: okay in . i'll call at 6:45 
User 2:  . bro send your report no
User 1: it's on parv's laptop . we made it in the lab . dude it's lefit nothiny . just ui screenshits . and code snippets
User 2: arre i need that intro conclusion
User 1: not with me na . we just wrote the name of the pages and how the flow is . page to page
User 2: ohh . theek
User 1: ask parv it's on his laptop if you want
User 2: how's dcc
User 1: abhi toh i'm going for class . but i'm left with two slides that i read before . so i have a slight idea . and then i'll go through that mad theory stuff that i read yesterday
User 2: bro towards the end when only two three people were there she looks into my paper and and says it's shows you didn't study for sessional either
User 1: wtf . that is so mean . but i dont think it's based on marks . i think it's just based on the fact that you took time
User 2: so after you get the max in one column, you ignore the other values or do you check like from all nodes to in the next except the ones with zero
User 1: latter . all non zero nodes to the next column nodes . and if the likelihood is zero you can ignore the node of the next column
User 2: i think i did that . but i gave the tags according to logic only 
User 1:  . haan that's peace
User 2: let me know the evening plan . atb 
User 1: will do bbg 
User 2: hahaha how's the josh !
User 1: no josh whatsoever . chal meet me at 6:45 .  ?
User 2: done madam . i'm getting some fuel . gimme some . please order for both of us
User 1: hey bbg . i'm at kamath cafe area . a friend was smoking . yo i'm at barista
User 2: made it back lol . also i thought i had seen a hickey couple of days back  . have fun at your date :p
User 1: omg . dude i had so much fun . i love noop too muxh . bro she's me . legit . equal parts crazy . hi i m . so drunk . ly a lot . you're so so nice . and i appreciate . you . alot . a lot . you're such a nice human being . i see so many things in you thay i lack . amd jts cray . crazy . okay comr onlinn
User 2: argh how could i miss this fuckk . fucking bt . say more good things about mee . ae dude it's too cute you found the perf roommate  . you to triv  . oh bro at the start of the sem when you were such a fucking darling to me during the break up . i was like why the fuck have i not been talking to we do hangout . maybe you were right about me judging y'all before :p . but it's fine . last sem is all about making things right . and they have never fucking righter and joyer . and you're and integral part of it too :) . if it's the ugly face then yes, you're beautiful :')
User 1: omg how fkd was i . 
User 2: hahahha how does catching up on gossip feel liken
User 1: so goodd omg . there's some little things that we never told each other . it all came out yesterday :o
User 2: recent endeavors  . but eh man it's good . let's do something today
User 1: yes . 
User 2: are you scoring for our plan ? . why am i mean
User 1: hey . where are tou
User 2: homee
User 1: i didn't know there was a plan . nobody said anytjing
User 2: i slept hoping i would wake up to a plan . it's alright . tomorrow is farewell anyway . gongetlitt
User 1: yo wont believe sometjing
User 2: doubt it . i've seen some fucked up shit
User 1: i smoked up aloke for the first time last night
User 2: alone ? . first time ? ?
User 1: ya
User 2: woahh . that looks clean
User 1: i've never got  into the room for daily  ourposes
User 2: fuck nice .  do you have a stock now ? ?
User 1: i'm rolling abhi 
User 2: yols . dude we were supposed to go to pick up a friend from airport . we had booked a car and all . we couldnt drive it because i lost my aadhar and they wouldn't give the car 
User 1: wow sneak  . what tf
User 2: yeah i'm irresponsible so well . we drinking today no
User 1: ya ya . should i stay out ? . also just rolled myself another one 
User 2: great tomorrow we don't have first half bs anyway
User 1: ya cool
User 2: chal i'm coming to 13th block
User 1: hehhehhe
User 2: dude bathroom  is very underrated . two in a row chalo 
User 1: i'm high
User 2: high i'm jenit . 
User 1: dude check sc
User 2: you're smoking in the room itself ?  . i never had the balls to go outside the bathroom . fuck last sem bro too crazy . have to do things that are extra
User 1: no . bathroom . last night was in the room . dude . i think today . wad the first time . i sneezed on  . it was horrible . so much pain
User 1: ehat . oh .  . fk . i couldnt tell the size by this lol . ik so stupid
User 2: you always have to see size up front in person .  . are the angels ready
User 1: jenit come . to pearl
User 2: just reached home . getting ready and coming . drinking ? . save some . i chug
User 1: we have champagne . and we have 
User 2: wtf . wait . argh . see all these incentives werent given before . i'll be there before 7:45 . i come to pearl only first na . please let me know my share . on case you stay till end
User 1: hey where are you
User 2: chalo you drinkstone for me too now  . 919996988054 . fuck is rev also there
User 1: not picking up . yesyesyesyes
User 2: ae man i feel like coming noe
User 1: come . pls . it'll be cute
User 2: tell me if you need morning chai delivery
User 1: jenit .  . you have to be there . imt . imy
User 2: time
User 1: umm now
User 2: bro there won't be any autos here for sure
User 1: :(
User 2: let me know if there's a morning plan i'm passing out now 
User 1: yes . will od . do . gn . tx . tc
User 2: fuck i'm tripping on this
User 1: aw . yeah you can't see the city at all . you attended class ?
User 2: 5th floor  . gm i just woke up :) . again . anushka what are your plans post end sems
User 1: yes  . no plans whatsoever
User 2: hii . oh bro :x same . kinda sucks to be in this position urghh
User 1: let's do kasol omg
User 2: oh fuck . bro . how to scam parents . fuck . but honestly if i dont do something that fomo will eat me for the rest of my life . please
User 1: hey . where are you . i'm so fkd . dude i dranj . smoked . and did hookah . i'm so fkd
User 2: hey . sup . what scene
User 1: hi . i'm peeong rn
User 1: five people's part
User 2: where are you
User 1: edge . dude i'm so druno
User 2: haha you have perm again . you still haven't decided where to stay  . what you doinng
User 1: yes . chantal . coming for photoshoot .  ?
User 2: yass . what time are you going . let's chill after lunch and then go by 3ish
User 1: i have to go to the photoshoot
User 2: oh fuck you're not coming ? . what time you going
User 1: i'm going . havebto
User 2: are you high ? . dafuq you saying
User 1: 10:30 one photoshoot . aero . have to go for that
User 2: oh yeah . chalo you let me know what your plan is . where are you bro
User 1: huh
User 2: i thought you weren't here lol . duriyaa
User 1: you are baked
User 2:  .
User 1: where are you
User 2: home what's up
User 1: dudee i dont wanna stay in pearll
User 2: oh fuck . what happened then
User 1: i'm here only
User 2: how are you still awake
User 1: dude idek . i'm so tired . i wanna sleep
User 2: what a sleep i had . gm . so fresh
User 1: oh shit . dude i really wanna sleep . wtf man
User 2: first step to bunk fot :p
User 1: :(
User 2: what are y'all doing ? :p . oh wait jains birthday ! . or stay up and i'll come  . will you sleep soon . and it's not a just you and vaibhav rn right ?  i don't want to walk in on y'all again lol
User 1: oh man never again . listenn . come over bro . it's too much fun
User 2: cool
User 1: are you coming
User 2: yes . who all are awake . i'll try to get tea . or samosa . or both
User 1: aw . such a cutie
User 2: stop wasting time . and tell fast
User 1: muskan parv dhruv divij baibhav . mean
User 2: cu
User 1: so sweet
User 2: 5bhk no . have you seen this before . old case
User 1: listen do you have 
User 2: yes i have to give away one roll . how you always high bro
User 1: what . i'm not always high
User 2: how's em . bro can we study like together or in a group at pearl or something . if i stay at home i'll just stone again 
User 1: hey . yeah cool . i have to study nlp . for my resessional
User 2: 1pm library rush is also in
User 1: you're bunking nlp ?
User 2: i'll decide on the library . fucking 2 .5 hours . and i have bumps . bunks
User 1: dude how much did you get in sna
User 2: ten
User 1: even i have
User 2: damn shit marks this time
User 1: dudee
User 2: 13 .5 in it tho lol
User 1: dudee
User 2: tell me dude
User 1: you in the library ?
User 2: going in fifteen
User 1: okie . in the library ?
User 2: si
User 1: i'll come and meet you . i have to go that side to submit the request to give the lab exam on friday
User 2: okie
User 1: where you sitting
User 2: textbook
User 1: yo sutta karna hai ?
User 2: cool
User 1: where you at . how's studying goingg
User 2: well arusha bounced a while back . and i asked my roommates if they are doing anything fun . even that's not happening . so i'm stuck in the library . might as well study . i'm just planning to go through the entire website only . it lab project . should clear most of the things out
User 1: truee . sorted bro
User 2: are you studying
User 1: no . i'm making my tinder bro . why am i doing this idek . but i wanna see what's it like . talking to completely random people
User 2: chalo come to student plaza . or kc . chai sutta amd tinder fruit juice and tinder . so not wortht the hype lol
User 1: cause that's what i have to do in paris . 
User 2: thats differetnt . hopefully you wont get south indians there
User 1: now ? i'll comee . tell me when to leave
User 2: okay
User 1: see you later
User 2: leave
User 1: i'm swiping . omg . it's so weird
User 2: hahahaha . hows the menu looking ?
User 1: bad only lol . i've swiped right on like two people . one guy . one girl . the guy was a match
User 2: lol that'll keep happening with all boys lol . please swipe right on me 
User 1: omg he messaged . are there read receipts ?
User 2: no . nor the online thing
User 1: ofc omg . oh sort sort
User 2: something witty no
User 1: idk i'm scared to open . wait . ah he's attacking me already
User 2: hahahaa . war time . keep sending arusha type replies . too witty . destroy him
User 1: too much pressure 
User 2: but you are the girl . havent you already won ? . omg bless your soul  . bro are you going to study in the library ?
User 1: nahhgg . pls tell me mcq answers . just theory ones
User 2: you deleted this message . 1d . 3b . 4a
User 1: sure .  ?
User 2: 6b . nope
User 1: if start is 0, you keep multiplying . so all are zero na
User 2: oh wait normally they give it as one . sorry sorry .  .  . 7c . eight might b or c depending on the def of held out set
User 1: backoff na ?
User 2: yep . if held out means validation then b if held out means test the c
User 1: yesyes
User 2: eight is b only
User 1: i think it's b . yaa . 9d ?
User 2: yep . 10c
User 1: dude i haven't really done theory . i have just been reading and sleeping . how was the lab exam ?
User 2: oh mine was so fucking bad . man i did everything . just that cunt database never gets connected . i'm get 1030 in execution . lol
User 1: oh shit shit . arr you in kmc . are you okay jen . omg jenit . how tf did this happen
User 2: fucking auto rammed in me ya
User 1: wtf .
User 2: i really hope it's not a fracture
User 1: how are you typing . have they wrapped it up . where are you now . fuck
User 2: emergency . nopr
User 1: are you alone ? . dude if you need anything urgently yash is there only and i can also come . he's helping another friend out
User 2: no no parv is here and other are otw
User 1: okay, take care, give uodates . where are you
User 2: kmc come . come to the trauma ward
User 1: coming
User 2: oh bro . took your revenge . with that bitch of a doc
User 1: say how
User 2: so the chick had a crush on her senior . she's like let me do this this this . much karna aata hai nahi . dude she took the suture and kabka . shoved it in my bone . and anaesthesia also she gave . and in her second time, she was pulling the wire and it came out from the other end . and last try, puri skin hi nikal di . instead of two they gave only one suture . after that i screamed at her properly . i was like you're not touching me again . then they were talking about sizes of suture . so they needed two but had three (sizes of the wire) . the chick is like chalega i'll do . i was like na i'll wait for the 2 . she's like do you even know what is the difference . i said i'm an engineer you know, i know it's a different size . oh she stfu on thest . and then while leaving the guy said come to green opd for removal, girls like no, go to old only . just to throw shade at me . because obviously she don't want to see me again . and i was like yeah the interns in opd are generally better
User 1: jenit . i'm so baked . idk wtf how . omg wow sick
User 2: you deleted this message . emerald . lol nicee . hii
User 1: hey . what did . you delete . dude my feet have been hurting a lot . cause of heels . and today also i walked from emerald to kc . i was that baked . in those horrid chappals . so you know what i did now
User 2: bro . fucking dynelle dudr . too nice
User 1: what happ
User 2: she was at mfc so she saw the accident happen . so when i went there with ice she asked if i was okay and all . so like after blacking out i first dropped the ice . so she thought i just normally dropped it and picked it up and gave it to me and then i fell  . bro we did a tripsy to the hospital . i was exactly like the guy from three idiots . handicapped in between two people getting to the hospital on a two wheeler . then at the hospital also she waited till parv came . pretty fucking nice .
User 1:  . that's so sweet . 
User 2: yeah man should i get her something idk ?
User 1: maybe a chocolate or something i guess ? . hey . one more thing . can i borrow your laptop ? . for tomorrow's lab exam ?
User 2: yes . but give me yours . you deleted this message
User 1: what question did you get ? . for the lab ?
User 2: two tables . one has email and password . and the second has like quantities . so first the login thing had to be done . and then update the quantity for a specific user . it sounds ez enough
User 1: oh so you display the quantities wala table . ad a gridview . master page, themes ?
User 2: yes . just master oage . the other two pages are the contents
User 1: okir . kya kar rahe ho
User 2: baas aapki zulfon se mehfil kar raha hu . uske saath thoda it bhi chal raha hai  . wait i don't know what wrong with the speaker . the song is lalala
User 1:  .  . wow . ya i got that bbg
User 2: arree . tariif karo phir bhi problem . quant bro 
User 1: huh ? . i was doing some random question . like i made up some shit
User 2:  ki quant kitni hai bro . 
User 1: what are you saying
User 2: that's perf only . do ya . get that op . nothing
User 1: what problems were peole having with you questio . cause it was just gridview validation masterpages na ?
User 2: updation mostly . login everyone got . well not me but yeah . gridview mostly
User 1: you had to send some parameter kya ? . across pages ?
User 2: querystring . it wasn't asked but that approach was most intuitive
User 1: ya i did that only
User 2: okay yeah so this was my question for exam 
User 1: did y'all have template fieldm .  ?
User 2: yep . wait no we didn't . i tried to put it but wasn't necessary . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message
User 1: uf
User 2: bro where did we eat those momos
User 1: idk 
User 2: man you are just not able to make me happy ever smh
User 1: mean
User 2: you should do something nice for me and make me happy .  . you do adonet bro
User 1: bro smd . dude idk what to do for it lab . i'm gonna chill only . and do it tomorrow morning
User 2: man i don't know how to flirt such a bad try  . haa . bro it's actually very kess . theory also . relax
User 1: chal let's go on a date . sortt . what theory dude
User 2: arre i meant theory subject . like the three credit one
User 1: omg this is too cute  .  . okiee
User 2: flirting2k19  . do you want to play arcades followed by waffles or something :p ?
User 1: sounds ideal af . too perfect
User 2: sun sun ke thak gaya bhai . what's happening to our group study sess  . i need to start studying da 
User 1: toh when are we going, woh bata . out dude
User 2: haha except tomorrow you tell me :) . why hahahah
User 1: dude idek when end sems begin why will i start studying now . no
User 2: you know the e sarthak right . the buff guy
User 1: no . sarthak what . i'll check fb
User 2: bose
User 1: na never seen him . why what's up
User 2: okay so i know him and they are throwing this party . anyone and everyone is invited . because on last time right . one
User 1: okaay
User 2: seems pretty big and lit . at some resort . till 3am
User 1: woaah . acchaa
User 2: i'm toh too in
User 1: hehehehe . ofcofc . wrong chat
User 2: no . since you said okay i'm just telling the entire group 
User 1: oh . what . i didn't say okay  . i said this for you being in
User 2: you're not in 
User 1: dude idek the guy  . i do have perm tho
User 2: bro there are many people throwing it . and he's like just get everyone because it's just a general thing . byob and all too so . oh you stfu
User 1: as in i have permission to stay out lol
User 2: i see zero problems
User 1: dude idk if rush and all are in i'm in but i doubt they'll be in
User 2: let's see
User 1: okie . kya kar rahe ho
User 2:  . i'm sorry . what's upp . oh you have lab exam in the first half lol . chal atb 
User 1: wowowowo . bro are you pagal stop scaring me like this . it's in the afternoon only
User 2: oh wait  nevermind . but anyway you know the full thing . ish . what you doing
User 1: validation stuff . idk i'm getting scared after hearing your lab people's scene . sleeping now . i'll do in the morning only
User 2: because they dumbfucks . exactly .
User 1: btw, how much time do you get ? . what's the split up for write-up and execution ?
User 2: 10-30 . thirty for writing . 1 .5 hr for exec
User 1: oh sort . ty
User 2: all the best luv :)
User 1: thank you  . do we have that directory info stuff
User 2: which subject
User 1: it ofc
User 2: oh wait
User 1: we did this in class
User 2: no no . dw
User 1: but in lab ? . okie
User 2: man eat your lunch . stop stressing out .
User 1: uf
User 2: haha all done ? :p . you have to go at 2:30 right
User 1: i hope so . i hope i dont fuck up . yess
User 2: all the best
User 1: thanks jen 
User 2: how was it
User 1: it went well i finished twenty minutes early 
User 2: omg ballerb . bro we have to book tickets quickly . they are shutting a runway down so tickets are going to become expensive . also would you like to go out tomorrow ?
User 1: oh ya, when do you wanna book for ? . yess . let's go drinking
User 2: 3rd ? 4th ? . i mean i don't mind going to a place with drinks but otherwise i'm on a heavy dose of antibiotics .  . let's go on 3rd ?
User 1: oh sorry i didn't reply .  . yes 3rd is perf
User 2:  does that
User 1: sortt . shushh already . my brother and i played cod for an hour almost wtf . so much fun
User 2:  . tell me next timee
User 1: ya will doo
User 2: okay so we decided multiple things . please shortlist the events and let me know :p
User 1: dude jenit i'm so pissed off rnn
User 2: what's up
User 1: this vaibhav is really pissing me off .
User 2: aiyo what happened .
User 1: dude he's been spreading such bs to people
User 2: i thought he spoke about it only when it happened no ?
User 1: he told nikita, "anushka and i have been hooking up" . nikita told sarthak . and sarthak was shocked that i didn't tell him . and sohan also thought . sohan asked me . "you have some tight scene with rana i've heard" . bro .
User 2: who told him ?
User 1: he said 2-3 people . idk why it irks me
User 2: i mean i also only found out because of that morning . it's personal and it's understandable
User 1: bro i told sarthak that we made ou
User 2: talk to him no . oh
User 1: but sarthak thought it was an ongoing hook up thingy
User 2:  .
User 1: i messaged him . just five mins back . i'm so stupid, jenit . why do i get myself in situations like these
User 2: yeah talk aramse . eh it's fine . could be worse . oh wait i don't know if this quote is helpful in this situation but i'll use
User 1: yeah, this fits here . this movie made me cry too much . i wanna watch it again
User 2: i saw it couple of weeks back so it just came back . you talk to vaibhav aramse . give me the highlights later :p
User 1:  . done done i dont wanna give that much time to someone who fucks with my peacee
User 2: well that was fast
User 1: so question 1 . are we getting bakedchoosing the scooter ?
User 2: see my job is to put all the options out there . uske baad aapndekhlo
User 2: i always do this :p
User 1: the worst
User 2: accha okay . then let's do arcade then waffles and then beach with some suttas
User 1: so  ? . let's do t . and then do arcade ?
User 2: and then waffles . fin .
User 1: and then we'll sober up . and then beach . lol . i feel like we're planning too much
User 2: i will . you won't . and thats fine . when you see everything executed you'll be like aw dude we did everything !
User 1: omg i'm not that bad
User 2: i'll wait for that :)
User 1: hehehehehhehe
User 2: aren't you tho ?:p
User 1: okay i am . i almost fainted while being high today . vision blacking out and all . but it kind of elevated my high . and i was tripping like maad . hahahaha it was too crazy
User 2: haha i could see . tripping balls is a very college thing . trademarking it is the point of our lives
User 1: yaa 
User 2: what time we starting . and do you want a bong or joints . man you gotta have quick answers . tick tick
User 1: hi . joints ? . you say pls
User 2: cool .  .
User 1: dude you say pls
User 2: okay we can start by 6-7 ?
User 1: okie . six
User 2: so you decide only in binary decisions . i'll remember that for the future xd
User 1: yes . ty
User 2: kash breakup jaldi hogaya hota bro . going on dates is fun lol
User 1: it's fun cause it's me . 
User 2: we'll find out soon enough :p
User 1: oho pls . you already know i'm mad fun . dude i got 14 .5 in nlp . i'm dying
User 2: hahaha to ezpz . resessionals hax haha . fuck your sessionals two has gone too well
User 1: after getting nine last time . really needed something like this
User 2: 15s and 14 .5s in the same sessional is unprecedented that's true . if you want to do a morning sess youre welcome to come over :p
User 1: omg . don't say this shit to me i take it too seriously . lol . i'm in the mess drinking coffe . listening to an album
User 2: do tell
User 1: how to be a human being . by the glass animals
User 2: this song is perfect for an animated movie
User 1: this is an album . idk which song you heard
User 2: life itself
User 1: it's too crazy . this album makes me feel like a kid . but some of the stuff on this is too dark . but your baked, you should listen to currents by tame impala . you're
User 2: close one . chal i'll listen
User 1: phew
User 2: bro how trippy is that music . i feel weird tripping at 10am six days before end sems . but so good
User 1: ya . too cool . this looks oerf
User 2: chal let's book it . youre telling your dad to book right
User 2: no smoking ? ?
User 1: jkjk . so you wanna do 2nd3rd ?
User 2: date wate par jana hai toh dekhlo aise mazak funny nahi . you temme
User 1: and what is this
User 2: ticket
User 1: 3rd won't be too late na ?
User 2: arusha and all are also leaving on 3rd for thai no . so we can chill with our rev and rush . :') . when will you see that black slave again who knows
User 1: haan sort sort . 
User 2: bro . i just found out . you can take lsd by placing the blot on the  in a bong and taking a shot . wtf !
User 1: what . why would you do that tho . sounds too crazy . lets do it . 
User 2: bro after end sems i really don't mind . very few people but i in .
User 1: omg omg . yaa we have so many days
User 2: oh bruv we is doing this
User 1: come to fot . it's okay if you can't drinkk . just come it'll be cute
User 2: cool . dont tell rush
User 1: okie
User 2: bro sidhant is saying it's shut :
User 1: oh shitt . what a bt . fuck . oi . saath me jaana hai ?
User 2: time
User 1: leave in 10 ? i have to withdraw . want me to withdraw for you ?
User 2: na i'm good . bro fifteen
User 1: ya cool . dude this absinthe and all means i need to eat something
User 2: which is why i said 15 . not that o will drink :p
User 1: ya but i don't have food
User 2: so you want fruits :p
User 1: no no it's peace . i'm gonna get an apple on the way to the auto stand
User 2: i have apples . i'll get
User 1: no no i anyway have to withdraw so i'll be going that sidee
User 2: how much time
User 1: actually fk it i'll withdraw later . leave
User 2: cool
User 1: at the turn
User 2: okiee . bro do something
User 1: i'll say i'm going back home . and you also say you're going . and then i'll say . yaa
User 2: i'm dropping you
User 1: we can go back together . cause otw . yes
User 2: i thought you werent in girls like me
User 1: ty . dude . noop is in the room ! . she decided not to stay out
User 2: hahahah perfd
User 1: i'm so happy ! . dude all the movie tears are coming out now
User 2: aw . seeing her the room triggered . bro you need to get more baked ! sess time with roomiee . dude do it . itll be the perfectest way to end the sem !
User 1: dude i just heard thisbsong . while lying on my bed . it was so beautiful
User 2: pray tell
User 1: i was so happy . and k was imagining . the car . from the movie . so so haopy . lights up - harry styles . hehhehee
User 2: oh yes i know that one . dude . dude . i kill for wholesome days like this
User 1: dude, same . all of it was so cute dude . i'm telling noop and legit blushing about it haha . and she can't stop smiling haha . it started with us trying to leave pearl  . of
User 2:  . im sure they dhruv was surprised to see me leaving after knowing that  is coming  . that . please to stress on the walk back :p . paints a positive picture of me
User 1: hahahaha  . what
User 2: the jointt
User 1: what
User 2:  . don't miss the joint out of the gossip because
User 1: dude dhruv is neesaging saying he'll never make plans with me
User 2: aisho .
User 1: but no way i'm backing out of a nice wholesome evening w you
User 2: tell him only three weeks left anyway :p .  . boys know boys . but bro we didn't do anything no ?  . like in pearl
User 1: ya idek dude  . he's generally good at telling things tho
User 2: what are you telling him :p
User 1: haven't replied . i'll just tell him that i think you're cute
User 2:  . let me know if you're up for some procrastination tomorrow :p
User 1: you know i am in ofc . heheheh . dude i'm still so high . i'm just craving cold water all the tomr . time .
User 2: how . beauts . i got water for you and you didn't even drink it . bro you need to be less formal and more at home . you were so being such a guest in the room omg 
User 1: i get so high always . hehe . oh ya shit  . arey on  i generally become very conscious of whether or not i'm being an imposition . cause i dont wanna cause anyone to be little pissed or anything .
User 2: dude you are such an amazing and fun person to be around . wtf is an imposition . maybe you'll have to stop smoking  to be less conscious around me  . ps . that's always the aim
User 1: hahahaha . i wish we'd spend thoda more time together . spent
User 2: today ?
User 1: yeah
User 2: you could have literally stayed over xd
User 1: my card mann
User 2: would have gotten it back ? ? not like you need your library card 
User 1: true  . fk so stupid i am
User 2: it's fine . i would prefer a noopur over a jenit any day :p . bro watch my snapchat . my roommates are intense . you deleted this message
User 1: omg hahahhaha . whatt . one thousand, eight hundred bucks worth of milkshakes ? .  . what is this deleting and all ?
User 2: two for everyone . now i don't remember da . bro please let's study today . idm going out after that, after we've earned it 
User 1: fuck . okay, what do you want to study ? i'm so bad at this lol . dude remember that google email that i showed you ? them requesting my cv ? . she replied saying to schedule an interview . so i have an interview with google on tuesday . some screening thing . 20-30 minutes she said
User 2: i'm doing sna today but you can do whatever . fuck . broo . please please get it boi microsoft followed by google oh has a good ring to it . ezpz
User 1: library ? . dude, i'm so bad at studying this early . dude i have no clue how this mail came legit . dude i had such a sentimental conversation with my mother at nine am . i had sent her one song yesterday . and apparently she cried a lot while listening to the song
User 2: oh i was gonna study at home but sure idm . it's fine . end sem is still far away
User 1: no no i'm not studying dude . i thought you generally study in the library
User 2: wait you're not studying only today ?  . ::) . :') . moms are a blessing dude . cuties
User 1: no man, nothing is driving me to
User 2: study with mee . we'll get some muchies . treat ourselves after every chapter . anushkaa
User 1: chal done . this is for the  btw lol
User 2: man i remove  we'll stone and get nothing done  . we'll do that later in the evening or something if you'd like
User 1: that's plan kiddo . dude i'm evil, i'll not study and i'll make sure you don't study . but yes yes, let's study together . omg wowoowowow
User 2: conflicting statements but i'm in in in . you know me too well
User 1: ofcc . 
User 2: library or pragati ?
User 1: pragati is peace
User 2: sort come by whenever :)
User 1: too real
User 2: i miss torrent more than sex
User 1: hahhahahaha
User 2: reminder: please don't be weird at pragati again . little ash on the bed didn't hurt anyone .
User 1: hahahhaha too sweet .  . see, i'll come to pragati in the evening-ish . then we can leave for dinner saath me ? . so i heard the song . we have to have to hear it . you with your earphones on . and me with mine . something crazy happens in the middle . i'll get my earphones to pragati
User 2: cool cool . nahi auto mai toh mai akela . everyone gives you a j dude . such a qwen . oh oh done i'm going to wait for it . lol dude that party got canned 
User 1:  . hahaha . omg hahahha sickk . we makin dinner that's so much cuter . dude i've been doing absolutely nothing . just listening to music bad . bas
User 2: i went for a food hunt . got so much random shit back . oh dude i bought a watermelon . i'll cut it up for us :')
User 1: omg hahhaha  . coolcool . in
User 2: let me know when you leave
User 1: listen, you tell me when to come . it's not like in studying . i'm . 
User 2:  . come by 5 ?
User 1: yeah col
User 2: just come whenever actually . same same 
User 1: coolcool i should eat something and then i'll come . my sleep cycle is fkd . my food cycle is fkd . my  cycle is on point
User 2: there's fodd here . accha eat and come
User 1: oh ya watermelon . okay in for that if you're also eating
User 2: bro there are other fruits too
User 1: haan sickk . then i'm not eating anything here . cause then at night there's too much food . i won't be able to eat that
User 2: let's hope we succeed 
User 1: ya . else we'll order lol . actually, no else . if we can't cook it . we'll remain hungry . yo, i'll come now ?
User 2: ya i was just about to text you . lel . hi high girl
User 1: hello . you here ? . i was just listening to music . what're you doing
User 2: always . everyone is drinking here because we couldn't find  . they are playing bollywood music 
User 1: omg hahahaha 
User 2: i don't think my music is going to become any better like this
User 1: hahahhahaha . ofc not . you need some swell company for that  . aka me ofc
User 2: maybe you should come over more often . for music of course . tum jaisa aur kaun hi . sorry i can't help it . i can't control the flirting part :p
User 1: omg  . no no at least one of us needs to be good at this . i'm clearly horrible
User 2: "i won't initiate it for sure" . fuck bro i'm bouncing . everyone is drunk and i'm lost here . man this finger not being useful is being a real annoying fuckin thing
User 1: okay . aw . how do you remember to take the medicines on time fuck . aw how is it abhi . what are you not able to do . my baked ass would always forget
User 2: dude dw . it was the funniest thing i've heard all day . you definitely rocked this part of the night  . i think about what would happen if i don't take em . like amputating the entire arm . it's fine only but like just in the middle of everything . dw don't get worried . it good enough  . dw . your baked ass is fun to chill with :')
User 1: shush  . hahahahah  . ya . i gey it . i passed out while listening to music lol . didn't mean that swear  . idek how . dude . i have some lit pics
User 2: bro if you tell me you're still baked we exchanging bodies nibba . i need that ! . 
User 1: omg no no i'm not  . like i kind of passed out na
User 2: hehe . i didn't say anythinf . so my roommate and i got bored and he was drunk so we decided to write a song . need suggestions for the 6th line
User 1: wtf . this is so cool . wait let me read
User 2: also, need to replace the grit my teeth . suggest for that too
User 1: woah omg . why
User 2: i feel it doesn't fit in
User 1: but the dream rhymes with the teeth . dream of the next line . sleep . not dream what an i saying . y'all should send me a voice recording of you guys singing hehehhehe
User 2: then thiss
User 1: maybe we don't need the last "i woke and got dressed ." . it do you need it cause it's part of the chorus ? . or
User 2: wait recording . oh dude he said the exact same thing while singing ! . he's like it shouldn't even be there . yepp
User 1: okay send wtf . what really . omg so cool . what a coincidence
User 2: uh no ? . i'm just stupid in music . you actually know your shit fude
User 1: what do you mean i know my shit ? i just listen to a lot 
User 2: one more step than me
User 1: noop and i were lying on my bed . in the blanky . listening to music . and i slept off idek hoe . how
User 2: comfy cuddles . cuddles spoil you as a human man . how can something be that comfortable and warm .
User 1: i agre . the cutest
User 2: have you heard any weezer songs ?
User 1: nah dude
User 2: it's a little rock
User 1: but the name def sounds familiar . send
User 1: done . i'll listen to this tomorrow morning with coffee
User 2: okiee . i'm going to sleep man . nine i have to be in college urghh
User 1: omg why
User 2: deakin thing no
User 1: sorry im so bad at remembering . hope it's good yo
User 1: chal even i'll sleep . gn kiddo
User 2: nighty night . what you doing
User 1: helloo . dude there's some due bs and they're asking me to go to edu . for three hundred and thirty bucks
User 2: wait we are getting the admits ?
User 1: and i need to do it for my admit card . idk . but if i do this only then will i get it apparently
User 2: how did you find out about this then  . true
User 1: vasvi messaged . idek what this is fot . for
User 2: admit cards only . fuck i was just in campus . you gotta reply faster bbg . i forgot to ask perm for extra time jesus 
User 1: how was it ? . excuse me, i replied in legit six mins
User 2: pretty decent except the end when he asked me have you been on the website and which team do you wanna join if selected . i was like uh . and i reached pp in six
User 1: hahahhsa
User 2: a lot can happen in six minutes
User 1: how many people were there ?
User 2: anushka . nine only
User 1:  . clearly cannot
User 2: yet
User 1: so, when am i meeting you today ? :p
User 2: hey i'm studying today so please distract me whenever . much appreciated thanks .
User 1: hahhahaha :p
User 2: dudee . you know dutta is vasvis roomie right ?
User 1: what . i didn't know
User 2: well same . seeing that our interviews were towards the end . 9-1030 was a gossip sess . fucking apratim bro
User 1: omg tell me 
User 2: come over then
User 1: so the plan is . finish this edu bs . then eat something . then i'll comr . cool ?
User 2: okiee col
User 1: but this ?
User 2:  .
User 1: and edu will be open abhi na ? no lunch break bs na ?
User 2: go fast it's monday . lunch can start haan 
User 1: left . it's open thank god
User 2: great atleast some work donee
User 1: back also . tell me when you want me there . i'll leave then
User 2: now .
User 1: done :p . you want me to bring anything ?
User 2: your energy
User 1: i thought you'd say sutta . but cool . i'll try . i'm honestly just coming for the gossip
User 2: got . you deleted this message . you deleted this message
User 1: what is this deleting business
User 2: left ?
User 1: i'm changing, i look too homeless
User 2: haha okay come come
User 1: i left . in front of my block rn
User 2: cool cool coming down . i'm going to deetee rn 
User 1: what . omh . omg . and you won't even drink sheesh
User 2: i'll text after getting back . phone is about to die
User 1: yeah sort sort . have fun man .  . btw, told parv okay . cause i didn't want him finding out from rushrev accidentally . i feel like he would be hurt if that was the case
User 2: what did he say
User 1: he said he thought you liked me for quite some yime . cause apparently he got a vibe that you were hurt after seeing us that day in eott . and that day, after tibrewal's house thing . apparently he got a vibe that we both wanted to go to the auto asap . and that's the reason he was singing sundress by asap rocky . just go see the lyrics . idek what tf he meant by this i just ignored it in the convo
User 2:  . see boys always know . okiee
User 1: actually don't see the lyrics . he's mad i think
User 2: whose the wrong person you fucking 
User 1: dude idk man . what do you think it means . i just ignored it man . omg i told noop she's so pissed . she's calling parv a man child  . do you remember he was singing and i went like, "love this song too much" you remember na ? . the time you guys were trynna leave in front of the shawarma place . why do you think i started singing sundress
User 2: who knows man
User 1: he deleted insta .
User 2:  . dafuq ?
User 1: okay did i fk up by telling him
User 2: you and parv have too many songs bro . 
User 1: bro this is typical parv when he's pissed offhurt
User 2: oh wait he's pissed because of the news ? . oh wait wtf
User 1: idk man
User 2: should i text him ? . idk what's happening wtf
User 1: i think this means you, you got that right . ofc not bro . he'll cool down don't worry
User 2: didn't he also consider it as a hookup  . you see why i delayed the asking out 
User 1: abbey ofc . dude since last sem . i told you this . he's been always hinting at some random shit . but i'd always been clear that ofc no dating w him . so for some reason parv alwyas thinks him and i are gonna date idk why . it's been like this for long . before the diwali party he texted me, "i had an epiphany last night pls remind me to tell you" . so at the party i reminded him . and he said some heavy shit then . dude, was just a little shocked . idk where all of this was coming from . so i just hugged him and said, "thanks that's vv sweet"
User 2: aiyo  . idek what to say . but like let me know from my end if i can do anything  . i don't wanna come in middle of any friendships .  . kya hi bolu . also the dutta thing, dw no anushka comes close to you 
User 1: okay shush wtf . he'll be fine man . he acts up like this once in a while, he'll tell me some cryptic bs, and then it's back to normal . accha ignore this shit and have fun at deetee 
User 2: see the time
User 1: omg hahahhaha i hope you know i was purposely saying that shit in front of sannidhi . how was deete ?
User 2: hahaha yes yes ofc . i mean i was sober around two hundred drunk people . so got to see people falling and puking . fun night . i'm applying cream because it's still itching 
User 1: oh lolololol . shit hahahah oopsies
User 2: fucking worth it bro
User 1: hehehhehehe ofc i think so . cute
User 2: i was immediately congratulated on my scratches  . before even showing off ! . 
User 1: omg . 
User 2: bro . if you're coming tomorrow, please get some book 
User 1: ya ya . i'll bring my laptop pakka . and we'll study something cool . done
User 2: dekhte hai 
User 1: see . i'll get my laptop . we'll try studying
User 2: that's all i want . try at the least .
User 1: if you can study, study . if i'm bot able to study, i'll watch something or whatever . not
User 2: you fucjing better study . chaiye ya nahi .  . jk
User 1: ah .  . i'll try pakka it's vv difficult for me to study so early . i'll get a laptop and everything
User 2: when do you study thenn
User 1: two days before . i push it as much as possible . until i reach panic levels
User 2: oh i thought early in the day  . three days isn't bad
User 1: and then i freak tf out and study
User 2: oh fuck my nose is wtf . dude loved revs and arushas reaction  . man . dude i'm not smoking up from tomorrow . i'm in that panic phase now
User 1: stfu pls ty . ya man hahahahaha so cool hehrhr . done done . dw man, we've got this . we'll figure out everything kal
User 2: figure what
User 1: arey . like what to study when . how to study it . all that . i haven't don't that at all . and i'll properly see the time table once . and i guess have a rough plan ? . just saw this, i think i'll try studying either scpdcc tomorrow
User 2: yeah man even i need this . chalo sort . good good get 
User 1: sort . omg . scp - 38 .5
User 2: o to good
User 1: so scp is low scoring . hopefully 38 .5 is okayish
User 2: 38 .5 ? ?
User 1: ya man . sannidhi got six in one scp sessional . it's too bad . sna i'm fkd
User 2: bro it's 40 . relax
User 1: bro sna is high scoring na . okay fk this i'm not panicking about this now
User 2: second sessional everyone got less because the solution was wrong . or supriya is ? . good girl
User 1: lol . 
User 2: my god . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . argh
User 1: i saw it bitch
User 2: ish
User 1: i'm online only
User 2: amywauy . tell
User 1: stop deleting and all man
User 2: okie
User 1: yeah man idm . now why did you go offlin bitch
User 2: hehe
User 1: i'll tell you if anything feels off pakka
User 2: please
User 1: in fact always ready to try random weird shit . cause i gotta figure out stuff rightt . oh yess
User 2: 
User 1: dude i remember swiping right on some vidit
User 1: i hope it's not your roomie
User 2: chalo . 
User 1: ya but it didn't match so i'm guessing your friend is a bro . dude legit right after swiping right i thought about it for a seconr
User 2: yeah he won't swipe right on you 
User 1: and then remembered you mentioning a vidiy
User 2: like because he knows me
User 1: and i freaked out a little internally . ya exactly why i said this
User 2: haha rn ?
User 1: no . this was when i joined
User 2: accha toh chil hai nahi hoga match . because he might just swipe right to piss me off  . but
User 1: hahahahaha . 
User 2: what you doing qween
User 1: nothing man legitt . i feel like chantu is behaving weird but i cant yell . tell
User 2: which way
User 1: idkk just randomly . she switches off her phone
User 2: i'm sure it's just exam nerves
User 1: nobody can call her or text . maybe . but she started doing this to avoid parties and all . a few days back . when you harsha and all  . you and harsha . let's see . i'm gonna keep annoying her
User 2: and that's so fucking useful . email her :p
User 2: you told me haha
User 1: i don't remember . ah
User 2: how do these people drink so often that also as a group
User 1: i'm already forgetting shit man
User 2: ga ja
User 1: yaa . fk i should sleep . i have that interview tomorrow . afternoon . if you are awake at 8:45-9 pls wake me up tyy
User 2: i'll do my best .
User 1: good night  . okie
User 2: night  . okay so vidit super liked you from ashwani's account . told youu
User 1: hello ty for waking me up . hahahaha ya :p
User 2: :p . took a while
User 1:  . dude idk what to do about this interview
User 2: what time is it ay
User 1: 12:30
User 2: chalo get ready time 
User 1: bro i've already given up in my head . that's the problem
User 2: okay . you do realize this is screening interviewb . and then see your resume . just look nice and pretty and rest is already going to go well :)
User 1: dude i spoke to people, it includes coding stuff also . sure
User 2: doesn't matter . eat something . if you want a sutta before interview i down
User 1: what a cutiee . 
User 2: plus i saw vasvi and shreyas yesterday so . deetee
User 1: what . omg man this is so weird  . were thr making out . they
User 2: i'll tell you here or won't
User 1: omg . brutal . in in
User 2: wait if you have to prepare or anything do that ha . i'll meet you later only . you prepare however you want 
User 1: dude i'm so overwhelmed by all this info . i've forgotten so many things
User 2: which info ?
User 1: i was going through gfg . lol
User 2: nerdyy . kinda hot but anyway . it's alright . just read up on the kind of interview that will happen
User 1: hahahahahah  . yeahh i asked around so let's se bro
User 2: bro hmm . true, nothing has happened to prove otherwise . dude i got deakin
User 1: omg . what . jenit . really .  ? ? . tell me what you're thinking
User 2: is chill . let's see . because dutta was telling me, you know when i was talking to her yesterday in the morning behind your back, that there is no salary or support whatsoever . let's se . if they atleast provide housing and food then toh ininin
User 1: behind my back ? low blow jenitt . ya ofc wtf
User 2: i'll be more honest next time i'm sorry
User 1: okay, i'll message you after the interview bye bye
User 2: all the bestt
User 1: thanks man  . omg such a bad interview
User 2: tell
User 1: bro i don't even remember red black trees avl and all ong . omg . and she wanted exact complexities which ofc i didn't remember
User 1: omg legit i didn't know anything . i got some right . which idek how i remembered . bro i cannot work at a place where it's this crazy about competitive coding . i'm so bad at this
User 2: same  . idk why they still do this today . dafuq uses red black trees . plus i'm sure there's an api . on job will be diff no maddo
User 1: bro my friend in us got a job at google, he rejected it for linkedin . cause apparently this kind of culture propagates to the organisational culture as well . 
User 2:  . dude all these people gets jobs in such companies too easily . not easily but at least more accessible . anywayy . do you wanna know about vasvi or no
User 1: for sure . i thought you already told me everything ? :p
User 2: kal raat deette
User 1: oh han . no way they were making out . so there's legit no gossip possible
User 2: cool then
User 1: :
User 2: bro . im so careless man . i was supposed to go to raviraja for extra time during end sems yesterday . fucking forgot because i was in a huery
User 1: oh shit . you ca go abhi na what's the issue
User 2: when are going for the admit card
User 1: whenever you go . 
User 2: whenever you go
User 1: are you going for this aaj ?
User 2: are we getting admit cards today
User 1: students are hereby instructed to collect the admit cards for end semester examination  after clearing all the dues at the earliest . this is what vasvi sent
User 2: sahil went yesterday and it was available
User 1: so say, what do you want to do
User 2: fuck . forty-five in it !
User 1: omg wtf jen . it's showing me zero for assignment four  . a
User 2: it's chill vishwa also got  zero it'll update . cool message released
User 1: how do you even know this wow . but ty
User 2: he texted me because even he got scared
User 1: acchaa
User 2: bro i'll let you know about our today's plan  .  . if we don't meet then i'll definitely come to campus at night okay ?
User 1: omg crazy ! . ya ya no worries, have fun 
User 2: stop procrastinating anushka
User 1: what
User 2: i just assumed you were :p . we'll go tomorrow tho . i'll let you know today's plan . gonna study ? 
User 1: dude no way omg . yash is in campus . i'm meeting him now . if you're not studying why will u . i
User 2:  . i'm studying thoda thoda sneakily in the room only  . done with sna :p
User 1: rude . rude . omg noop sent me this too . 2nd one
User 2: fine i wont ask you to eat something before you're interview jeez
User 1: okay that's fine
User 2:  told you no love is too dangerous
User 1: its when you first meet a dude
User 2: dide . so the yash thing . you haven't told him about my regret and all right ?
User 1: what, why ?
User 2: because i actually plan on doing that when we are together next time . must do .
User 1: haan haan i didn't tell him . aw  . so sweet jen . meet mee now
User 2: sorry i was on call . idm
User 1: say where when
User 2: you say
User 1: you say
User 2: did you go back to the block ?
User 1: naa
User 2: okay gimme fifteen mins
User 1: cool . he just left i'm going to the room . to pick up my wallet . and pee
User 2: if you're going back only then do you want to meet later ?
User 1: dude anything is finee . whatever is more convenient for you
User 2: my food so thoughtful i will puke
User 1: :
User 2: chal i'll come at night only . you're welcome, anushkas lungs
User 1: shush
User 2: how does he know now
User 1: he said this long back . cause i told him i found you cute
User 2: ae fuck bro i positively knew that i was very low-key about jt
User 1: no this one is on me . okay tell me exactly when you want to meet . the time
User 2: well i didn't want to point fingers . so thank you for doing som . any plans ?
User 1: sarthak wants to chill for some . but ofc i wanna meet youu
User 2: chal kc ten mins
User 1: what, you are too confusing uff . coolcool . you can leave early if you wany
User 2: wru
User 1: room only
User 2: chalo come whenever you're ready
User 1: you're here ? ! ?
User 2: yes
User 1: fk i'm so sorry . door locked . coming
User 2: i can't stop staring at you dude 
User 1: omg ah . i feel so happy talking about you to him . hehe
User 2: we do hangout now i fucking heard and was like just gotta include myself  . dude . room mate here . send the last line
User 1: omg hahahahaga . hello
User 2: just kinda waiting for some input
User 1: what message man
User 2:  .
User 1:  .
User 2: dude we almost got into a fight with like bulked up localities
User 1: what . that was the one thing that wasn't supposed to happen man . wait, is this you ?
User 2: why will my roommate give you updates 
User 1: idk man . is everything okay ?
User 2: dude we were leaving fot and outside some localite said something offensive and vidit was like kya bola . and then that drunk localite corrected himself but then because of alcohol things go outta hand . the localite was literally suppressed by his friend . otherwise oho . and then my roommate is like gun nikal and then things obviously just got worse  . but we got out bro ! . chantal texted me 
User 1: sorry for the late response . noop was telling me about something . oh shit . oh man . wtf wtf wtf . pagal . wow . bro . she was at a party . and there was a police raid . the cops were taking pics . looking for poy .  . she was freaking out . and so scared . and she was high at the time . she had  and gone for the party . so she was close to crying . and these cops decided to not check the girls . but they took al the guys ka combo card . cause they didn't find any  at home . the guys went to the cops the next day . and they wanted urine samples . or 90k bribr . cause otherwise it would become a college thingy . so there were forty people at the party and they all split it . she was really freaked out about this stuff . okay btw im so sorry im telling people im just happy okay ty . what did she send tho
User 2: oh fuck bro . i would diee . but i'm kinda surprised that it didn't become thoda famous . like the bs part . like i said, if we know what is it, then it's chill . and it's "chantu"
User 1: yeah dude same . thankfully there wasn't any  . cause there wasn't any  . ty
User 2: dw i don't think at all you're doing anything like vaibhav .
User 1: okay wtf jenit omg . ihateyou . don't say that . omy . omg .  move no way i'm talking to you now
User 2:  . dude you give me an open opportunity and i'll take it . if it's a closed opportunity then i just try my best . cool we'll see . starts now . bye
User 2: read
User 2: cul
User 1:  . okay fine, i'll talk . to you
User 2: finally :p . dude we doing acid .
User 1: hahahahaha what made you suddenly think of this ? . but yes, ofc in .
User 2: nothing . my brain is weird . it just brings up memories from my log file . man because of pictures like this . i appreciate people who appreciate the small things .
User 1: oh accha :p . i do to . we'll do this in mumbai ?
User 2: oh i was thinking after end sems . but yeah this thing we won't rush . whenever time is right . my first time has to be perfectly timed and not rushedd
User 1: yupp . exactlyy . you'll feel too overwhelmed leaving manipal . cause of the afterglow of acid
User 2: bt about manipal will definitely be on my mind when i'm tripping
User 1: yeah but imagine doing an acid trip and leaving the next day . and packing and all omg . out
User 2: bro you have got to send him an invite for a fucking secret club or something . we'll make fake users to make it legit  . oh fuck need to start that
User 1:  . imagine packing on acid
User 2: life mai ek baar toh saath karege so its good . waiting toh bahut kiya tumhare liye :p
User 1: no way man
User 2: fu man . boring .
User 1: okay done done no worries . omg this looks like so much fun . also crazy caption . you look too comfy
User 2: tum hote toh ohoo
User 2: i'm a great cuddle buddy just fyi
User 1: even better
User 2: come over tomorrow .
User 1: ofc
User 2: night 
User 1: good night  . fuck why am i awake . i'm just not getting sleep
User 2: waiting for the 420 . hello . let me know the time we going for admit cards
User 1: hey . when do you wanna go . sayday . let's go at 3:30 ?
User 2: lol gm . cool
User 1: dude i had the worst fkn sleep . legit
User 2: yep
User 1: i'm legit sweating rn from the anxiety of it all . and the fan is on full
User 2: end sem ? . 
User 1: no man . it was something weird i dont even remember
User 2: theek hai it's over now . nahi ho payega  . i'm kinda locked out and need to have a bath
User 1: oh shitt . i'll wait for you
User 2: cutiepie
User 1: also, question . are we studying today ?
User 2: yes . after some rest
User 1: so i should carry my laptop to pick up the admit card ?
User 2: love the thought process
User 1: oi jen . around when will you come . idk till when they'll give the cards
User 2: bro you go  . i have to go to the academics section as well . when i'm going back, we'll go together ?
User 1: no no . i'll come w you . it's okay . you need to get your time extended na
User 2: yes lel . cool then four
User 1: cool
User 2: wri
User 1: room only
User 2: kc ? . come
User 1: kidhar ho
User 2: kc
User 1: are you in the auto ? ? . no na . we can walk
User 2: no i got out . cool
User 1: okay cool
User 2: back ?
User 1: shit sorry . i'm back . noop is drunk . so i was talking to her about her boi
User 2: i was kinda freaking out aiyo . accha accha text son
User 1: sowy .  . ya done, she's panicking about studies now  . while drunk . this mf
User 2: you should too . your last two days panic is clearly not kicking in
User 1: oh godd . i know . wtf jen . it's your fault . i'm so happy that even end sems can't fk this up
User 2: we should have just  . :')
User 1: lol . in glad we didn't . i'm
User 2: whyy
User 1: otherwise i forget things
User 2: aas paas dekho itna dard hai . bhulana toh zaroorat hai ab
User 1: chup reh
User 2: i'm really fucking glad i didn't study today . thank you for that . i don't know why but i knew i needed it . :)
User 1: heheheheheh . needed this too for sure . heres a song for you . anyone else but you by the moldy peaches . idk why today reminded me of this song . i haven't heard it in soo long . in a few years actually . and suddenly it came to me abhi . see the lyrics, you'll kind of die . hehe
User 2: can't stop won't stop :p . omg dude . it is so apt for us ! . we sure are cute for two ugly people . :') . i'd really kiss you if you were here . omg so you distract boys all day and then go back and study wow . bro i checked the time difference between paris and victoria . ten hrs :x
User 1: hi good morningg . ya it's my fav line . oh shut up bitch . omg ten fkn hours what . but that's not too bad, when one's day is ending the other's begins . btw, how's it going
User 2: hehe . you do be doing that tho hoe . if you say so . im doing the post sessional stuff rn . then i'm going to sleep in the afternoon and then wake up and do the rest of the bs
User 1:  . using whatsapp web na .  ? . han same . omg a chick i used to go to tuitions with had her engagement party yesterday . i can't believe it fuckk . even you're going for some bachelor party in december na
User 2: yeah why ? . one of my classmates from school has a 2 .5 year old kid  . his honeymoon is mostly postponed till couple of months after the wedding . guess why ?
User 1: omgg wtf man . cause he has to finish college ?  . idk
User 2: oh so like he dropped out in 11th and joined his dad's business and makes shit ton of money so he's sort . girl has her boards to give no 
User 1: what . whatt
User 2: 12th
User 1: bro she must be 18 . that's so young
User 2: one week before the wedding
User 1: what tf . and it's a love marriage ?
User 2: obviously not .
User 1: oh man . idk this chick from my tuition, hers is a love marriage only
User 2: she had already told him ily in the time since our first date bro
User 1: omgg . this stuff spooks me out . okay so here's my plan . i'm gonna finish caching now, then take a bath, then eat something, then start with first sessional portion by 2ish i guess . 
User 2: you done with files and streams and xml ?
User 1: like i read through it
User 2: chill hai . also i have to go to ab1 . after that if you want to take a short break we can do coffee and sutta and then like go back to respective places to study
User 1: col
User 2: see the group pic 
User 1: omgg . i've incentivised my studying . i messaged sidhant about how i hate studying . and we made a plan to smoke a sutt at night . so now we are motivated to study lmao
User 2: this will happen anyway . how does it guarantee studying 
User 1: ofc it does man
User 2: like you won't smoke one anyway 
User 1: if he's coming from emerald i wanna chill w him for some time at least . i have never smoked alone na
User 2: which will happen irrespective of today's studying dumbfuck
User 1: uf . if i wanna waste a good amount of time w him and not feel guilty . i have to study na . so that's the incentive . tell me how it goes w associate dir
User 2: we both know good amount of time will be spent anyway . :p . it's alright . you're doing well anyway . whatever you've not done you already know . just waiting and some more of jt . man i just got fifteen extra minutes . because they have to set the room for the next paper or next day or whatever . bt
User 1: let's see lol . wtf man . they can't make you sit in another room or what . that's legit no excuse
User 2: so which one is more plausible in sahil and ananyas relationship . so in romantic walks, do anaya bend down and kiss like sahils forehead or cheek and keeps hands on his shoulders because his hands are too down . or does like jump every once in a while to give her a kiss
User 1: dude the height difference isn't that bad man  . bro i was just seeing her insta . i think he's taller only . he's taller what
User 2: formal shoes for sahil plus flats for ananya
User 1: accha but still . it's roughly the same
User 2: plus like i think she knows she shouldn't wear it around him 
User 1: omg 
User 2: we are so vela 
User 1: i know na . i went and stalked her abhi . i'm more vela
User 2: he play only with the hood . how old is hee
User 1: four
User 2: oh wait is he tiny for his size ? . looks too cute and cuddly
User 1: he's actually tall
User 2: ohh . kitna padha 
User 1: i know na . i miss himm . i'm doing chap three
User 2: dude imagine for him toh you're never there only :
User 1: you've got to meet rio
User 2: done
User 1: i know exactly which is why whenever i'm back he howls at me for an hour . and follows me around . aah
User 2: such an alpha male kinda dog
User 1: dude the worst is when i'm standing in front of the lift and he's just at the door staring
User 2: aiyo
User 1: my heart . how's it going for you bbg
User 2: i'm baked man
User 1: what . aah . this is why i like you . so much
User 2: i'm gonna complete ajax and nap . :')
User 1: yaas
User 2: after this revision is ezpz
User 1: tell me if you need question papers
User 2: yas send everything . and send all doubts too
User 1: revision . what . oh you have done it pehle
User 2: i miss having a cse end sem buddy . and it's actually a thing . would like to be mine ?
User 1: hehehehe ofc ofc
User 2: lab end sem stfu you finished . twenty mins early and my select didn't work . oh bro thank you . is gonna be good two weeks :)
User 1: hehehehehe . yas . how much did you smoke . i'm jealous af
User 2: something's aren't disclosed
User 1: oh man fo already
User 2: chal chal i'll do ajax and text
User 1: okiee . see you soon
User 2: oh dude what time should i wake up at . to complete by 2am . first and second sessional left and from that only grid view is a bit dicey
User 1: um . see i'm on chap five rn
User 2: time anishka time
User 1: and i started around 2ish i think
User 2: u . how many are there . before files
User 1: omg there are a lot actually . chap 1-16 . minus . 10,11,13,7,4 . i think
User 2: yes . omfg
User 1: but apart from data wala part i dont think it'll take time
User 2: yes shouldnt have counted . should have just put the alarm . fucks . but stil . argh . jeez . anyway . wanna do tp for five mins ?
User 1: haan cool . but how lol
User 2: by dicussing post it plans
User 1: so i have to go with chantu to the pup cafe . directly after the exams . exam . you do your finger thingy ? . also dude, just see the question paper, there's barely any theory . like, it's mainly coding only thankfully
User 2: idek if that should be good or bad . eh idgaf last sem . kitna gire ga cgpa dekhte hai . lols . barely . oh yeah you would like me to do my finger thing wouldnt you . nerd
User 1:  . it's good only dude . accha say what are your plans
User 2: most probably i'll let you know if it changes
User 1: uff so formal . but yes meet me after
User 2: oh my god did you actually just miss the sexual innuendo  ? ?
User 1: i ignored . okay so my plan is to finish web controls state management and validation before 8:30 is that possible lmao . also why do i miss you thoda
User 2: yeah lol those things are the like the basic things that we know back of the hand . ab ek sutta aur ek chai mai pyas kaha bhujegi
User 1: exactlyy . i know na
User 2: you deleted this message . tomorrow thoda more time please
User 1: man this deleting and all won't work dude . inn . i have perm also
User 2: sometimes you think twice and then have to delete it no . full night drinking ininin
User 1: dudee . so in
User 2: now i have a reason to not sneak out early like a snek
User 1: finally
User 2: our thing is chill with gokarna group right ?
User 1: only nikita idk
User 2: i guess she finds out tomorrow
User 1: lol . i'll make a lit drinking plan w sidhant abhi
User 2: others are invited right 
User 1: han ofc . gokarna wala group only
User 2: let me know . i'm in .
User 1: col
User 2: also let's not do anything in front of parv 
User 1: oh ya ya ofc . on that note, he joined instagram yesterday . and he spoke a little nicely to me . so i guess things are good . dude i feel like i'm taking it too lightlyy . going to meet tib now lol . i'm finally feeling the nerves now . omg . im going back to ny room bow . oh man i'm kind of done w parv . tibrewal just told me something
User 2: gm . just woke up . keep going say
User 1: bro he's genuinely not a nice person in so many ways . and to call me his best friend . and do all this bs . i'm just gonna maintain that fake friendship thing w him . bond over music or whatever
User 2: can you forward me your mangalore drivers number . :')
User 1: man i'm so proud of you . aw  . fuck you have such cute friends dude . dude this reminds me of a pic i took in class in the beginning of the sem i think when i had bhaang . i was too baked hahahha
User 2: only . dont need no dikshita for at least some time . then i'll crave the drama . my heart melts . oh dude . i came across a video of you baked . af in class few semesters ago . wait
User 1: lolololol . dude i was going through my microsoft pics omg . such a wholesome time
User 2: some days are just a little better than others  . you've told me about the painting day ! . whose face is hidden :p
User 1: sarthak and i took self timer pics . in the coffee area  . so many people judged us omg . his painting sucks that's why 
User 2: oh dude this is fire . eh man we need to take pictures more often . :'( . we dont have a lot and in this gen close people don't take a lot of pictures but i want plis .
User 1: right
User 2: see this is the music i'm into 
User 1: okay we'll have one nice photo sesh in your room . ft .  . ft . cute gang signs . and self timer ofc . okay i'm gonna wear something cute and you are gonna wear something cute and we're gonna click some mad cute pics . and i'll carry some bomb clothes w me . and we can decide what i wesr
User 2: and we gonna then take off those cute clothes and do some not cute things . no jk . yeah sure ! . what plan did you make with tib tell
User 1: and i'll decide what you wear . i'll put kajal for you also . and some sick lip balm . and we'll take some real cringey pics
User 2: okay then its on again . lets see who loses
User 1: so they have some party to go for anything after that
User 2: i mean idm wearing anything so knock yourself . out
User 2: dont need it beyotch . natural rajasthani
User 1: ugh . h8 u three much
User 2: j'ai le lip-balm(maybe idk man) du chocolat . i had already thought about one hahahahah
User 1: he said after that it's gonna be a chill winebeer   night
User 2: i like you three thousand :)
User 1: conveniently replacing scary words
User 2: i;m not stupid now am i
User 2: w you are awkward and truly terrible at this . noice . completely digging it
User 1: i am not awkward . i wanna chop my hair off . it was so short in microsoft . i wanna cut it again
User 2: wanna go tomorrow after pup cafe ? . could be fun . and then some stony
User 1: no no, i've never cut my hair in manipal . too scared . i'll cut it in mumbai . and surprise you
User 2: if i meet you
User 1: cause me at salons is vv embarassing . i have a habit of sleeping off mid hair cuts
User 2: huh why
User 1: don't be a 
User 2:  . i am what i eat
User 1: why am i obsessed w gifs . i'm done with validation and am finishing up master oages . you ?
User 2: haha even i like sending . because they capture the vibe 100 . even more than caps . argh . i'm starting state management
User 1: yaa . 
User 2: chalo chalo let's study properly for a bit
User 1: in in in . are y'all using fruits as chips wtf  . too smart one
User 2: no we are eating it while playing a non money game . because thats how lit people do it
User 1: oh shit i thought too nucy . much
User 2: 2in the morning  . you do that
User 1: but cute
User 2: why are you so indecisive anush
User 1: i just amm . what to do
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: i saw it this tjme .
User 2: anyway
User 1:  . 
User 1: btw i did some reading on that q thingy . turns out it's cause of too much lube . so
User 2: yeah okay
User 1: don't pat yourself on the back too much
User 2: yeah .
User 1:  . i'm so tired . of not studying . i slept for a good twenty minutes . i also wanna play cards . i hate you
User 2: itna not care toh kabhi hi nahi kiya
User 1: you had too much fun todat
User 2: i wanted to have that coffee man
User 1:  . aw . dude this is the 3rd time i've gone there and it's been closed i'm getting scared
User 2: ae . man . jeez
User 2: come over after getting your clothes cool ?
User 1: okie . i can't stay over at pragz na . how are we making plans for this stuff before the exam man . so useless omg
User 2: just before we done for the night i can call and ask what's the scene . we'll get in mostly . it's fine . it's better to at least do something :p with the person i have fun with
User 1: okay col . don't be so nice i'll have to hit you then . hi . i'm going to sleep . too tired . see you soon, take care, best of luck 
User 2: if you're up for it that is .  . bro i dont know when i slept when i woke up and when i studied . too many naps . arghh . okay i'm awake again . i can't sleep again fucks
User 1: i'm so sleepy even noww . good thingy
User 2: same
User 1: aw  . all these file functions are one huge mush in my brain
User 2: dude i've never been this mediocrely prepared and this not scared . baas hogaya ab
User 1: same man  . btw, sidhant backed out of the 'plan'
User 2: why what is this
User 1: idk man
User 2: well we'll talk to them after exam
User 1: generally tib doesn't do this so i'm sure there's some reason . we'll ask the otherss
User 2: he probably can't leave the party early
User 1: maybe
User 2: oh dude i have thought about couple of intense poses with the timer !
User 1: omgg . done
User 2: fine let's both not delete messages
User 2: tell toh
User 1: no i'll surprise you . that's why i deleted iy
User 2: tell one thing . do you want me to keep thinking about it instead of studying it ?
User 1: okay if we meet at your place after my pup cafe thingy and your hospital thingy, i wanted to get you something
User 2: let's meet at my place after your pup cafe thing .
User 1: hehehehhe it's nothing big tho so don't get your hopes up lol
User 2: me before sex . you're nothing big but yet looking at you i smile . i'm sure i'll love the gift haha can't wait .
User 1: omg  . bro it's legit nothing okay . anyway, in kind of fkd . i'm
User 2: ik 
User 1: dude im scared okay . i don't remember anything
User 2: relax lel . it's fine it's on the tip of your hands . and back of the mind . keep suttas in your room and smoke one before exam lol
User 1: no it really isn't . i told myself i wouldn't do this let's see how long it lasts 
User 2: arre if you're so stringent about it then it's fine . how's it going bbg
User 1: i slept for some time . because idk what to do lmao
User 2: lols mood . how's it going
User 1: read for surprise . ready .  ? ?
User 2: bro
User 1: haan
User 2: so remember the spy shit i said ? . like to hide and be careful enough
User 1: ya . did something happeb
User 2: so i went up and told shringi . and he went into that phase . and started cleaning the house . it was spick and span in 5 . and then i panicked . and then i went and i cleaned . i've told my cook to investigate . till then i'm fucking not moving
User 1: omg . wru . wtf
User 2: bro harshits roommates got caught yesterday  ! . but they have very little so they are getting a consumption case and have to go for urine test and all . but i thinkbthay will just be a fine nothing permanent . fucking touch wood bro . they can lose their jobs ! . oh also the cook called . so someone committed suicide in udupi so enquiry regarding that
User 1: wtf . what . dudee . that's too fkd up . it's good you're this cautious . so sweet wtf . acchaa fuck . idek what to say
User 2: i think he wants to be friends again and i think you should do that . but you decide
User 1: yeaah . idk . let's see
User 2: honestly it doesn't make sense ending such a long friendship now . and you can make it clear to him about the endgame . and also confront and try your best to sort out the hoe thing . but again, that's just me you decide
User 1: haan i'm not ending . i was decent only . i'm not sorting out anything . he's not someone you can have that kind of conversation . i know him well enough for that . i've had these convos
User 2: fair enough . time does make it very clear . anyway . i'm really happy about the last twenty-four hours 
User 1: yeaah . dude same . fuck . it's crazy . i can just spend too much time w you and not feel bad
User 2: ft my leg . too nice . bed is a mess . clearly a good time
User 1:  . hot  . girls from 1st year . at hakuna omgg . dude i'm too tiosy
User 2: why do you never change the way you look . i'm so sorry for the late reply . i literally just woke up . fucking hell what is this tbt . how'd it go . fuck i missed out on drunk anushka arghh . look at this breakfast
User 1:  . i left early dude i was feeling so ew idk why . i drank only one glass of beer
User 2:  ? 
User 1: wow . wow . i legit got so tipsy in one . i couldn't sit there i had to leave . idk why . dude . i'm smoking my first strain today
User 2: in manipal ? ? . wtf
User 1: ever
User 2: what do you smoke with dad ?
User 1: not straind
User 2: damn . you and ?
User 1: tib . he sent me this link . also . my dad sent me a pic from the trek . it's super cute . my brother and i used to trek everywhere first na
User 2: dude this is the best website . too cool . yaa . which one
User 1: so we had reached down and we were waiting for everybody else
User 2: uk only no
User 1: yas . and my dad is so poetic . what a caption wtf . i'm crying legit he's yoo creative . oh dude my dad is too sweet . that what i wish for u both . he said thiss . for the caption
User 2: oh bro that caption . :')
User 1: an option to not choode . choose . fuck
User 1: cause legit we just sat there . cause we could see the river from there . and we were hungry . even though it doesn't seem like an option to choose
User 2: haha too many meanings and back stories . and yet such a simple line
User 1: it was the perfect onee . he's too talented ughh . i wish i got more of that writing  creativity from him
User 2: you do write those kind of things when you really feel it to . also i'm going to kmc . do you wanna chill for a bit after ?
User 1: yeah cool . i'll go take a bath and brush . lol
User 2: fuck are those the prerequisites to meet someone . i haven't done either 
User 1: ya but i dont wanna wear anything clean on me when i'm dirty . so might as well take a bath
User 2: oh yeah you dirty dirty .  . yas i'll call you
User 1:  . legit how my hair looks lol . okiee
User 2: oh fuck yeah  . walking towards kc . i is here
User 1: omg . wait coming . left the block
User 2: come to student plaza
User 1: coming
User 2: what you gonna do now
User 1: dude i was just lying down listening to music . i think i'll write abhi for some time . let's see . omgg ya it's you
User 2: cute
User 1: except the intelligence you a dum dum
User 2:  ? ?
User 1: could've asked me on a date ages back
User 2: could've cheated on sohan long back . dumb girls only right  ?
User 1: my reference was dikshita
User 2: well i was okay with cheaters till it happened to me . plus it sounds like more of a sohan problem :p
User 1: oh accha :p . this sem beginning there wasn't any sohan problem
User 2: i'm telling you no . i just thought you were scattered with your thoughts and too many boys were in line . i thought of trying but then vaibhav cut the queue  . na actually you right  . i didn't make a move on your because people were just interested in you . would definitely not do anything when you're dating  . bro this always happens when a girl breaks up  . and like you know i'm not the most forward dude so well .
User 1: ah yaa i was so confusedd . ofc you wouldn't you're a good boi . right idk why and this was my first break up and i always thought i wouldn't be this confused little idiot and then i continued to become a confused little idiot
User 2: you were lost and you were getting validation . i think that should be reason enough to justify you being an idiot loll . but but we both are so stupid . we met at lunch time when both of us haven't even eaten anything and we just proceeded for sutta without thinking  .
User 1: hahahah ya . omg yaa wtf jenit  . dude this sem i had my first hash, first solo smoke up, first strain
User 2: we are degenerates dude i love it . first jenit ! .  . but bro yes . this was the most different sem i've had out of the seven
User 1: i do too .  . i agree too different . yo if you're free wake me up at 4:10 . begging you
User 2: yeah i was just studying . don't have to . you have better ways to manipulate me now . oh these fifteen minute naps you dangerous mf . bro wake up  .  ! . sidhant gon be pissed go fastt
User 1: i'm so stupid . god bless me . btw . you have to meet me tonight . 
User 2: did you just wake up 
User 1: yes . :(
User 2: please come back late even i'm going to a friend's place to study . i'll leave accordingly
User 1: give a rough time
User 2: you get as baked as you can get will obviously get, and then leave accordingly
User 1: okiee . bro i'm such a weirdo  . wait i'll send it as a snap
User 2: oh damn you using snapchat sobeerr . send send
User 1: se such gf material i am
User 2: sid will get creative material in his head . you try your best not to pass out 
User 1: omg .  . fine fine
User 2: chalo have fun text soon and tell the time . so nevermind . the song i thought was our song is to explicit 
User 1: dude tell me . i'm so baked
User 2: you asked for jt . hahahha damn nice ya . how was it ! . no wait meet and tell
User 1: wya
User 2: homee . what scene bbg
User 1: where should we meet .  ?
User 2: do you wanna eat something
User 1: ofc . lol . what a question
User 2: beaut
User 2: okay so where then 
User 1: you say pls . make it easy for me . pls
User 2: oh fuck let's go for pizza . and cookie dessert . and garlic bread . pizza hut . in
User 1: omg
User 2: i know you wet
User 1: can we go somewhere cute . do you know a place like that . pls help . i don't wanna think
User 2: chef plated
User 1: okay that's nice suggest noee . more
User 2: dollops . waffehouse
User 1: not yet . blind s . tib suggests it . let's do . say fast beech
User 2: never had . might as well
User 1: same
User 2: hepta is cute tho . like a night kinda vibe
User 1: no no let's do blinds . tib suggested na . so have to . 
User 2: theek
User 1: leave . i'll also come out of em
User 2: leftt
User 1: you're going there directly ?
User 2: im sorry i'm weird with compliments . i appreciate each and every one . being weird is all i could do to not blush
User 1: hahahah it's okayy . def no snip snip . jenit . come online
User 2: hi girl
User 1: i wrote two poems jeniy . i'm so happy . 
User 2: oh fuck . already ? ! . it's not been an hour
User 1: jealous i wanna be there . ya man . and i heard like five songs . a bit of each
User 2: so he went for the tanmay bhatt stand up and he's enacting everything . o
User 1: aw that's so cute
User 2: about what  .
User 1: okay so i'll send the pic of the second poem . but i wanna read it to you . can i call you ? . can you promise you won't read it when i send it ? . cause i want to read it to you
User 2: this ded . i'll wait . fuck your voice is magical . please in a bit ? 
User 1: okiee . no problemo .  . i know you will love this one so much . bro i'm kind of dying . i'm so happy . and it shows in my poetry . i always found it so difficult to write when i'm happy
User 2: :'))) . strains
User 1: and idk, i've really been acing it this sem
User 2: change . you
User 1: no
User 2: jk . bro . get it out of your system . everything
User 1: heheheheh yaa . got a pic of me doing a strain for the first time !
User 2: so iconic . i love how you have so many "first" memories from this semester . i'm happy for you . :)))))
User 1: hehehhehe tysm jen . you deserve all the niceness that i can ever give to another person
User 2: and i'm ready to accept all that luv . spongebob for luv . man you are fucking right . dikshita is fucking missing out on so luch
User 1: - the major spill that we caused
User 2: you fucking deleted that picture . so i'm sorry for that reaction . but i've had the worst experience . so i'll tell you . first year
User 1: i'm sorry
User 2: i was showing vidit dikshitas picture . and then i met her
User 1: i shouldve been thoda careful
User 2: and she wanted my phone for this game
User 1: accha
User 2: and she opened it and it was her fb profile picture open  . it's fine
User 1: oh shit 
User 2: i dropped rice on your phone . bro we good .
User 1: bro this has happened to me also, something similar, will tell later
User 2: haha yeah def . bro i really want to know . fuck i kinda really want to listen to that poem
User 1: ah dw it's nothing much
User 2: exactly what is wrong with your thought process if you are genuinely bring genuine with this . that winen . all these poems . so much more than "nothing much' . error in this line
User 1: okay you are so cute when you are high . you're like this awkward little bum
User 2: have you heard spacebound by eminem
User 1: ofc yo
User 2: so the first half before the chorus . i dedicate it to you with 40 meaning . like 40 seriousness . get it ?
User 1: no i dont
User 2: like if he's being 100 serious about something like love . then i mean 40 "like" for you
User 1: oh accha that way . understood . kind of hehe
User 2: see the lyrics
User 1: i just heard it bbg
User 2: we listening to drake bro 
User 1: omgg  . play both lol . the song
User 2: what's your lyrics app name
User 1: musixmatch . the floating lyrics na
User 2: yes . gucci no
User 1: ya babez
User 2: what's with the luv tonight 
User 1: ya dude i'm loving everything too much rb . rn . also stop spelling it as luv
User 2: ptsd
User 1: you can say 'love' dw
User 2: na i good . i love it when life is like this
User 1: ty . ya me too
User 2: :p
User 1: brb gonna throw up . dude i'm so hungry rn . how
User 2: why you throwing up wtf .
User 1: cause of this
User 2: you ate so much i was glad to see you keeping up . you should have ordered more no . oh that . bro i'm high i took it literally
User 1: i wasn't hungry then na i'm hungry now  . idek . so i got myself a cold glass of water cause there's no way i can get food . dude legit idk how im so hungry rn
User 2: that cold water in tbt was too refreshing . and then we walked so much . would have probably died without it . jesus that's why you should move out . food everywhere :')
User 1: agred . ugh
User 2: maybe just drop by more often . with full intention of studying of course
User 1: ofc . wow
User 2: i saw this meme in like 20112012 and i always knew i would use it one day
User 2: fine won't send
User 1: haw . wtf . don't do tht . that
User 2: yeah i won't from now no
User 1: yo . sorry i slept off dude . btw . do you remember where i kept the keys to the suitcase  . dude i'm going rn to colaba . can i pick it up aaj only ?
User 2: how come
User 1: in the car rn
User 2: i was going to ask only if we going to chill today
User 1: w dad thays why i didn't say gm . so gm !
User 2: hehe cutes
User 1: dude i dont think today will be possiblee
User 2: how come colabaa . also the packet has our share also :p . idm giving it tho . babushka
User 1: take out that then . cause i dont wanna take that home and say that it's for jen and me :p . 
User 2: what are y'all doing in colaba . and honestly i don't want to come and give it to you in front of your dad . that's just pure weird . and i'm too shy . for thag
User 1: bro ofc i dont want thay either
User 2: so are you thicc in the head or what lol
User 1: bro i'll park and come to you . ofc it is omggt . dude i dont want you to meet my dad like this 
User 2: arre par what are you doing in colaba . where in colaba
User 1: getting some stuff for mother
User 2: how will you leave your dad . so many questions as
User 1: bro i'll park away from where i meet you . simple
User 2: but do you want me to meet him hm
User 1: but if you don't wanna give now it's peace . jkjk
User 2: don't know what that means . what time do you want be there . me there
User 1: idk either sorry . i'll message
User 2: weirdo . it takes me twenty
User 1: why 20 . it would take me ten minutes to reach there
User 2: where
User 1: your area . i don't wanna make you go anywhere man . i'm not so kean
User 2: if that's whqt google map shows then cool . keen . how long will we meet forn
User 1: mean . yaa
User 2: thanks for wanting to meet menkokk
User 1: not long naa cause my dad is there . dude if you don't wanna give now just say okay . we can meet later also
User 2: bro i just want to meet you i'll come
User 1: omgg . but it may not be for too long . we can act like it took time to find each other hehehe . bro my dad and i are having breakfast at yazdani
User 2: and what will you be doing in the brief time you meet me according tmto your dadb
User 1: idk bro . okay where should i come . i'm coming to love lane or whatever
User 2: wtf . i was going to come to colaba
User 1: bro no way . you're not coming all the way here
User 2: it'll take you too long bro . your dad will be like wtf . you relax no
User 1: bro it's ten minutes according to maps . omg . no no
User 2: are you in charni road . yazdani is there right
User 1: location: fort starbucks
User 2: bro you'll take twenty
User 1: i'll park the gaadi door
User 2: one way
User 1: where do you stay
User 2: live location shared
User 1: bro . where do you wanna meet then . close to your place . bro i'm coming
User 2: noo . i'll come to metro
User 1: okie . monorailmetro ?
User 2: arghh . you know what
User 1: bro fk it then . if you don't wanna do it now
User 2: no wait . i wanna see you now . period
User 1: uf . accha what is the confusion ? . you tell me a place to meet you . my dad will park and he has an office call also . and i'll comee
User 2: wait do you have a car
User 1: ya . that's why . i'm conign there
User 2: okay i'll tell you where to come till . even i'll get my car . follow pd mello road
User 1: oh cool . but i'll get in your car thoda away from my car . and i'll tell my dad it took me time to find you . so we can spend like ten mins together lmao
User 2: rosary school
User 1: if this is not worth it fuck it
User 2: your dad will also be in the car ?
User 1: ya
User 2: what exactly will your reason be to come till here . just chilling with me right ?
User 1: no bro he knows i'm getting the bud from a manipal friend
User 2: aiyo will your dad find out that i got him the strain . oh oh . sortt
User 1: 'manipal friend'
User 2: he don't have to be jenit . nice . it's dhruv
User 1: han . lmao
User 2: throw him under the bus . idgaf
User 1: haan done . okay so i'll come here ?
User 2: yeah and then ask your dad to take the wheel and you walk i'll be close
User 1: bro we've left . like . we'll reach in 10 . my dad only is driving . cause i wabted to sort it out w you
User 2: cool cool . also get some money . for suttas :p
User 1: bro . pls carry a perfume then . i don't wanna smell
User 2: cool . how much time
User 1: reached that place
User 2: wru
User 1: in front of the church . i see the station ka entry . on the opposite side
User 2: ok
User 1: dude my dad . was smelling
User 2:  . and ?
User 1: nothing happened . i just made him smell the  . so the smell of cigs is not what he focusses on . oh bro i'm so scared . my dad is sniffing randomly . how much was it bro . the  . pls say
User 2: what do you mean . bro now we are equal . i swear . tell him you paid for this friends courier
User 1: just say how much . i wanna know
User 2: it was 2 .1k only
User 1: just for knowing how much these things cost
User 2: like our thing plus whatever your dad had was 4 .6k
User 1: omgg
User 2: i removed for us dw
User 1: dude how much was your courier . okie ty
User 2: 2 .1
User 1: i feel like i owe you . ya i owe you . bitxh
User 2: pay some for the acid because yeah idk how i'll get money for that lol . so you trick all your boys hm . i'll stay alert
User 1: ya fone
User 2: thanks for meeting me anushka
User 1: haw . okay i kind of know how to manipulate
User 2: you do
User 1: thank you for meeting me to . i was so scared i'm being an imposition again
User 2: dont try that shit on me . like we aren't dating you know . oh fuck off today i couldnt even control my smile
User 1: ya we don't havebto date for mento manipulate . fuck you best friend ly . i look nice man
User 2: kind of do have to . so cute when you said it while leaving i dieded
User 1: lucky you . 
User 2: "hey we look like such a couple"
User 1: ya wtf bro
User 2: first sutta first kiss uff you're getting too much importance
User 1: i am important what to doo . bro can't find keys man . ugh . i feel so stupid for giving you shit now 
User 2: for ? . hahahah i love it
User 1: you . ugh
User 2: you know i probably would have lost them if i didn't want to prove you so wrong . true .
User 1: ughh . dude im so mad . i tried to unlock it using paper clips
User 2: i cant believe we smoked in my area !
User 1: what do i think of myself
User 2: oh you aren't that kinda hot yet . exactly ?
User 1: hehehehehe yaay . brb gonna cry in that crying corner i showed you been a few years since i've cried there
User 2: at least change your clothes before going there . or it'll be an infinite loop of sadness . because clearly those tracks arents making you anyy hotter
User 1: yo . stop . right . there . or you ain't getting kissed again
User 2: onto the next endeavor . i was looking only for an out
User 1: k
User 2: see ya around
User 1: cool
User 2: let's see who breaks first atb
User 1: from left to right . mom, rio, me, dad . last night  . when we were so baked . bro we're doing the strains in the evening
User 2: mom slept rightrrt . so cute . so you lost . bro please tell your dad that hownmuch ever i gave him is like for four joints . so that he mixes thoda tob . y'all don't smoke virgin right ?
User 1: man, chill . na . okay
User 2: you say it everytime fu
User 1: one j is enough for the three of us na . okay tru
User 2: i'm too excited fornl youu . two
User 1: omgg
User 2:  ! . anushka maybe we should meet more
User 1: maybe we should . i'm coming to your side dude . i wanna see more of what your life was like . i'll also show you more in powai
User 2: ininin . i've felt this with you
User 1: omg . jen . dude i've been shipping these two for so long . they get together ?
User 2: no . but they reference death of a salesman ten seconds later ! . bro why haven't you started watching . yes i guess i'll just go fuck myself then . your afternoon naps are annoyingn . jk
User 1: ahh i have to . im not sleeping . dont go
User 2: what you upto . you don't give bhav to cute things what to do
User 1: mom and i are watching killing eve . i gave bhav . bro maisel is goals . i wanna be her legit . but you don't say funny shit, you're never awkward when it comes to beautiful shit
User 2: mirriam . i don't like joel much . his character isn't very complete i feel . don't know the exact adjective
User 1: haan same thing na bitch . this isn't joel na
User 2: he's lenny man
User 1: ya i dont like him either
User 2: i don't want a joel relationship with tiu . you . hahahah
User 1: haan thank god . ya u thought that but you started talking about joel so i rhought it was joel
User 2: we might just have that  . me with my girls in bangakoreb
User 1: i .  .
User 2: because this is joel noo
User 1: 'into stupid chicks'
User 2: oh fuck that's also truee . hahahaha . have to do now . but i don't wanna be joel
User 1: oh i meant miriam only sowwy .  . yeah but you are now what to do
User 2: cheat on you with stupid girla . dude so my dad was like finally teach me how to use the tv amazon prime . and he directly wrote standup in the search . and i saw karunesh talwar so i was like put that . literally second joke started with the word amsterdam . it's still going fuck i feel awkward
User 1:  . bro . on new year's last year . i took my fam for kunal kamra lmao
User 2: man it's too chill with your parents so stfu . so is the sess beginning ? . hahahha . but bro remember what i said . try to change what kind of high you feel
User 1: oh lmao . no not yet . will tell you . and since it's early . we can video call also
User 2: rn ?
User 1: no no
User 2: when
User 1: raat ko ?
User 2: ininin . ignore messenger . i am just going to download the pictures on this phone so sent it on m asenger
User 1: okiee
User 2: did you send me the subreddits here on messenger . or did you never send ne . em
User 1:  . okay will send today . pakka . also . gonna stone now bbgg . wish my luck . ly
User 2: hahahahha . snap me the js plis . have fun .  .
User 1: mummy thinks the whole world is watching our phones
User 2: snapchat . but smart girl she is . be like her
User 1: lmao . hi i'm baked
User 2: hii
User 1: bro it's so so light . ly lots
User 2: like not hitting kinda light ?
User 1: i feel like we should have bought more ?
User 2: oh no what are you saying bro . smoke properly go . i was baked baked last night . how many did y'all smoke
User 1: 1 . now one more
User 2: haan toh do properllytyt . keep it in for two mississippis atleast lol . no dw it'll get better .  . later
User 1: i wanna pee on acid
User 2: kaise ladki hai . i got a esh on reddit 
User 1: i'm baked
User 2: or baked baked . hahahah . do you like it tho ? . ee . i wanna know your feedback . and your dad's to . tel . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message
User 1: wtf did you delte . i won't talk to you jenit . pls tell ne . pls tell me . pls . pls . lyly . say
User 2: arre no no it was actually nothing . trust me haha
User 1: pls
User 2: seriously
User 1: dude it's making me too sad rn . legit
User 2: how's youu
User 1: i wanna cry
User 2: arre i was forwarding it to someone else i swearr . no no don't cry
User 1: okay
User 2: ily too
User 1: don't lie . okay okay don't say this now . my heart will melt
User 2: anushka you really made my morning . i'm still thinking about that only
User 1: omg jen
User 2: here you go
User 1: i was so so happy we had a plan . high person . you already sent it to me . 
User 2: and it worked so well ! . no hiccups . see it again then
User 1: i'm so happy i met you . i was so flattered . you did that for me
User 2: wtf you saying bro . you came from powai
User 1: no babee . like
User 2: least i could is move my lazy ass thoda
User 1: you took me . to your place . and you just knew you had to take me there . ah i feel so lucky . thanknyou jen
User 2: so i remember you just dropped me at your back gate . and then connected it with a rio story . and i felt like i was a small part of it . and i knew since we don't have much time, you have to be a small part for a lotta stories . as many as possible . and i have had so many in that one s . so it was a no brainier
User 1: oh god so sweet . aah like you too much
User 2: bf ly . best friend of course . nothing else
User 1: hehehehehe
User 2: how's the high . how are y'all trippingg
User 1: ggood studd . after the first acidntrip . hellowry
User 2: wtf . explain lol . hellowry
User 1: taking acid is like opening a book putting it down questioning everything and realizing it's all a simulation . the comic strip guy understood he's inna comic . in a . oh shit sorry
User 2: oh fuck that makes sense . oh fuck .  . no i like it . it's cute . i wanna bake my dude . kaisa chal raha hai
User 1: i'm smart sorry . bake w me my cutie . mast . what are you doing my babe
User 2: i'm a sapio sorry . hahah what are y'all upto . so many possessive pronouns . don't be itna possessive, i know from experience that it leads to breakups .  . man i was watching the india west indies match and now they changed the channel to big boss so i bounced the fuck out of that roomn . and i came to my room and there are rockets being burst next to the mosque opposite my place . opposite but like really far . so sitting at the window enjoying thatt
User 1: uf don't cry . omg lmao . wanna be there w you . miss youu . i'm at starbucks w my bro
User 2: uf don't love itna . you deleted this message . snap parv lol . he's having cow's milk directly from the udder
User 1: if you delete i'll cry . ew . bro . free for video call in 20-30 . i'm thinkingnof going for a cig
User 2: hahaha trust me you're glad i deleted it . i'll tell you when you leave for paris :p . obviously
User 1: say pls
User 2: omg it has begun
User 1: uff
User 2: you know i'm wholesome right . you wait no it'll be to cute
User 1: oh god don't do this to a girl
User 2: no it's pff pff when you smoke you should know that . you aren't just a girl . the
User 1: such a weird bf ly
User 2: and i will not even correct you anymore or expand the abbreviation :')))))
User 1: best friend ly . also . dhruv is so drunk and he said love you to me 
User 2: manipal is over might as well share his feelings loll
User 1: oh god
User 2: shit man ek breakup and you just became too famous . boiss lining up for the qweenn .  .
User 2: i'm listening to posthumous forgiveness
User 1: oh the new song
User 2: yes it's on shuffle and when tame impala came i couldn't change it . i know its you so well . rules
User 1: cute . omg . i wanna go to me acid starbucks washroom . but both the washrooms are locked . and i'm hoping my washroom opens first . cause i gotta pee badly
User 2: hahahha
User 1: shit
User 2: i thought you wanted to go just for the sake
User 1: the other one is opening
User 2: oops . how do you have such a shit bladder
User 1: idk man i also ask myself that
User 2: i think your heart makes up for this negative . lol . you video call during cig
User 1: call me . met sohan and vishnu (another friend) . brb
User 2: yeah saw his story hahahah . tell him sic bike
User 1: okielmao
User 2: i'm sorry love
User 1: imy . pls talk soon . give me some time . one sex
User 2: sure
User 1: sec
User 2: cool . you sleep baby . night
User 1: hi . no no . no
User 2: did your phone fucking die . you deleted this message . i've had too many good twenty-four hour marathons with you . so thank you for that :)
User 1: what did you delete
User 2: arre i randomly swiped . it wasb . chip l . happy ?
User 1: huh . anyway goodnight goodnight . take care, sleep rightt  . tight
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: okay .
User 2: sorry i'm still stuck in that mood . hahahahahaha . oops i thought you wouldn't read . i mean
User 1: man
User 2: goodnight munchkin
User 1: now dont fuck w me . byebyee
User 2: hahaha i jk bfly no . bfly . that's our hashtag
User 1: hehe . dude cannot believe mom woke me up dude
User 2: gm . sleep again like me lol . yeah i literally wasn't allowed to sleep . man i have to get membership card made argh . manbi hate that you are getting to sleep . i can't even go becquse they'll have a lunch break . they probably won't but i don't wanna go
User 1: yo i didn't sleep
User 2: haha what have you been doing . morning kadyb . lady
User 1: dyinggtg . i'm gonna take a bath now . then go to r city and try out the bluetooth earphones my parents wanted to buy for ke . there's some bose shop there . ah i'm so sleepy i'm getting cranky . ugh miss you
User 2: oh bro those earphones . happy fucking 21st . yeah sorry i didn't know how to put the bud in the pic . i loved how we got dressed in 30s so that we don't miss the 4:22 also  . ah we cute . you cute .
User 1: hehehehehehehe bfly . bro that's legit couple goals amirite . dude i'll legit slap you .
User 2: aap chu toh logo mujhe  . na sorry too gay . out out . i meeting rujuta yayy . yeah i think i'm addicted to reddit fuckk . hi
User 1:  . have funn  . hehehehehhehehe i feel you
User 2: bro . bro come online asap
User 1: hey whatsup . sorry
User 2: it's cool now . but i just woke up to the craziest reddit comment . it has 1 .5m people in the community
User 1: wtf . wtff . fuck . fuck . bro . what even . i cant
User 2: yeah i kinda got creeped the fuck out . so my alarm rang and i see manipal as the first message . but i spoke to the dude . he chill . lol . i was like delete the comment plis . 
User 1: omg hahahahaha
User 2: i miss manipal boldiya . too real . what you doingg
User 1: omg . bro this is too fknn crazy
User 2: yeah i would joined reddit and had such wholesome things throughout the semester but well guess whose fault it is
User 1: smd bro . bro . i had gone to drop my brother . and we were playing music loudly and singing ! . and it was too cute . guess who unpacked everything and now has clothes to wear :')
User 2: haha i love your dropping brother for classes trips .
User 1: it was too cute
User 2: wish my sister did that too . i wish you were my sister
User 1: i made him take a video also 
User 2:  . 
User 1: k
User 2: same dude clothes ? . where'd you find the key lel
User 1: i was panicking looking for it my dad chup chap took a hammer and opened it in like two seconds and walked away like a badass . ofc . but i look nice today . i made an effort
User 2: hey this looks completely candid like you didn't even know about the video :p .  . snap
User 1: after taking so many videos i've gotten good at this
User 2: i can't hahahah
User 1: dude it was too much fun in yhr car .  . hehehehe . and i was racing bro . i never race the car
User 2: oh my god i don't like such people . i look at such people driving and get pissed off
User 1: we played beggin also the song from step us . do you know . k man
User 2: if you've framed this sentence correctly then no, because i don't understand the sentence lol . overtaking is hot .
User 1: step up . the song is called beggin
User 2: i have seen all th movies waitnlet me hear jt
User 1: the movie . sorry 
User 2: off course i know the song . dude i love the entire series . remember they dance in this roof thingi with the bubbles and like air exhaust thingi under them . to perf
User 1: hehehehehe . kya kar rahe ho . oh shit  . omg those eyes  . are you also baked
User 2: hahah i sobered ip . she fucked lol
User 1: oh shit . my sis and i are  now :p . cousin
User 2: hahahah did y'all scam the strain from dad . snap . i will keep saying this for everything so just saying from now only lel . i told rujuta that i'll drop her and her car back home but she's like no no il do . i fucking hope she reaches man
User 1: no no  . okie will sendd . oh shitt . ya, keep calling . bro crazy comments dude  . love this feeling of a community naa
User 2: you robbed me from it for the longest time so fu . but fuck yeah i messaged that dude . i was like i'm so happy just one picture reminds you of that beautiful place . hahah . bro i think i've surpassed your karma :p . sorry for being competitive-y but i'm so happy joining a  community aahh
User 1: for sure dude  . 
User 2: bro people are hating in this dude in my comments  . love it . how's my high baby
User 1: wowowowoowow . so high my love . btw yesterday was cool, v cool
User 2: hahahahah . i made your chai today :') but i couldn't snap because i was in a hurry . vv happy to hear that . we filthy bro 
User 1: oh shitee . bro ya chee
User 2: you can feel whatever i toh fucking love it . your hotness level becomes ex
User 1: omg hello babez . we rolled another
User 2: hii
User 1: so high fk
User 2: she did right ?
User 1: yaa . man . got it . i suxk
User 2: thank god :p . not enough i sad . hahahah
User 1: bro . i'm not talking to you
User 2: did you have your high caffeine drinkn
User 1: you shit on me always
User 2: bfly . ab you're not naked what can i do . hahahah . okay no sorry . aren't your parents homee
User 1: bro
User 2: oh bro are y'all  at that s you showed me :')
User 1: at her place . na
User 2: oh . : . eh it's fine, being bakednis the point . hahahha . what time are you planning to leave her place ?
User 1: soon
User 2: cool text me when you do . get higherr now :
User 1: naa no more .
User 2: oh so you baked baked hahahahah . cutess . we are meeting tomorrow wooho
User 1: yesyes . your friend reached back . dude . i . just . got . a . call . from . france . omg . hahahahha
User 2: ya ya kabka . hahahahah . what did they say . 11pm and you baked  . i wanted to see you freak out for 5seconds before answering the call hahah
User 1: it was from the guarantor thingy . dude i did
User 2: all done right . oh i know
User 1: ya . hehehe ly . he was just asking for feedback . and he was so polite
User 2: wah . and off course you were polite too . dying inside lel
User 1: omg . true . you've blown up fuck . ya . ya i wasnt going to pick up . bro i feel scared about paris now omg . i'm so overwhelmed just by that call
User 2: whyy . talk to me . because it is that close ?
User 1: phew . i'm fine . what're you doing
User 2:  . sister had come home . she just left
User 1: oh . cute
User 2: so nothing
User 1: bro . i didn't tell you . i got the bose earphones !
User 2: wait till i post my wallpaper wala picture .
User 2: oh sonn nn . they are to fucking hot
User 1: bro i just lay down on my bed
User 2: but yeah you out if everyone should have good earphones
User 1: and listened to pyramids by frank ocean . hehehehe yesyes . and i went for a walk also . parts w my cousin sis . parts alone . w my music
User 2: i love it when i also get new gadgets . too funn . i want to see youu . oh fuck we meeting tomorrow arrgg
User 1: are wee
User 2: na i'm good . you know whateves
User 1: i havent asked mom yet . what time
User 2: arre we are going to the airport with arusha rev shreya and all
User 1: accha cool . oh ya forgot about that . cool cool . we can do that
User 2: and then we can just say that their flight was hours after it actually was . and then maybe you know, hangout ?
User 1: proud of you . ya mom allowed for the airport thingy
User 2: for ?
User 1: thinking like this
User 2: snap me your face . i might pass out before tonight video call and i don't want to miss your baked cute face . this is the only way to think
User 1: what . so mean
User 2: arre i'm too tired today . too much rujuta and i walked even though we were chilling in her car lol . and i finally sent my specs for repair and these lenses are acting up
User 1: ooh
User 2: but i can still video call for a bit :)
User 1: ep . ded
User 2: next time sit your fat ass on my  and not specs
User 1: oh man . of
User 2: so i know you're high . and i know what happens when you get hifhn . so i'm just starting that bit . this exact bit .
User 1: lmao . no no no worriess . i'm pretty sobered up
User 2: how the fuck
User 1: i walked around a lot . i'm again not sleepy also
User 2: so zero cigs of the day . hmm . how does that feel . you should smoked while walking . it wouldn't have gone down :p
User 1: genuinely didn't wanna smoke actually, was enjoying the walk a lot aise hi
User 2: ice cream . man i feel racist for directly thinking thats a black dude  . hmm . let's see how many hours does this last for loll
User 1: hehehehhee .  . shush bbg
User 2: please tell me you too . make me
User 1: sorry jen . i didn't think of black dads
User 2: probably should watch more hollywood :p . hahaha . dude we gonna meet rev for the last time for a very long time ya
User 1: ya . i'm toh not even meeting blore peeps .
User 2: cos you too bougie for south india now duh
User 1: ya that's the reason
User 2: hahahahhaha i've felt that so many times on tinder . i'm actually going to use that . like if i ever download tinder . not like i'm going to need it you know . kinda already have someone
User 1: good one . proud . okay i'm feeling high again idk how
User 1: noop drunk texted me 
User 2: tell  . so hookups don't talk
User 1: y
User 2: you said that so well . see you around ?
User 1: y
User 2: look anushka imma be blunt i could yell down a ravine and the echo i would hear could hold a better conversation than this
User 1: i don't wanna hold a conversation . okay i was kidding don't hate on me
User 2: tad sec early . i was going to talk hot on insta now . ish you kinda stepped on your own foot there didn't ya
User 1: y
User 2: yeah cool .
User 1: gn bbg sleep tight . heres a song for you .  on you by jaymes young
User 2: girl i get fucking  on you so and i love it .
User 1: hahahahah lmao . heres a song for you . terrence loves you by lana del rey . just the title of the song i mean
User 2: good morning . hehe yeah . and it is true he does luv you . but only i bfly okayy . jkjk
User 1: hey what's up
User 2: wake up . mec and rush will leave by like 11ish
User 1: what . bro . i'll take time . fuck . why can't anybody say the time clearly
User 2: lol dw you have over two hours . did you just wake up lol
User 1: ya
User 2: chal get ready son
User 1: how two
User 2: we'll take over an hour to reach da
User 1: don't drive . if y'all are gonna drink
User 2: you don't tell me what to do . arre i'm sorry no . dont ignore me pleassee . hellobits me
User 1: hey . was taking a bath . y'all left ?
User 2: yess
User 1: coolsies
User 2: where you at . accha good you're drivingb
User 1: uber . w hriday
User 2: oh so we don't have a car cool cool cool cool cool
User 1: broo . i didn't wanna drive if drunk
User 2: how much time will y'all take
User 1: bro it's taking me too much time
User 2: i'm just waiting for you . saving you a seat
User 1: my cutie . shit forgot to put perfume on you . sorry . also msg when you're in your car . your doents . wait
User 2: fuck we almost fucked up again lol . bro im so sorry for bashing my head into yours . i always mess up when i have to give a quick kiss because with you i'm not used to that
User 1: i remembered the perfume before the docs 
User 2: who is this hotty god damn . 
User 1: cutie 
User 2: thank you for taking such aesthetic pictures of me :) . no i really think i physically hurt you back there 
User 1: no problemo . i agre . did you get hurt ?
User 2: ni
User 1: me neither . so chil
User 2: i'm sorry  . my instagram thanks you
User 1: you're in the car na
User 2: babushka . yas . also i'm so sorry i get hyper and riled up when we are about to leave for the night . i guess something you will have to get used to (for a very short time at least lel)
User 1: when did you become like me, apologizing for this kind of stuff sheesh . hehehhehehe don't mind it at all bbg . dudee . i found this poem i wrote in hyderabad when i went alone for this walk ajd then found a random cafe . it's not really a poem . doesn't rhyme
User 2: you rubbing off on me . send . and read me mine soon ?
User 1: yaas . yes for suree . i'll tell you aaj raat . it's vv simple tho
User 2: w clothes on obviously . and ?
User 1: obv
User 2: i've been through very complicated shit through my college . glad it ended with something as simplistic and beautiful as you . yeah wait one sec i'll creep you out again with a ss
User 1: hehehehehehe . you flatter mee
User 2: idek how to reply :'''))))
User 1: omg hahahahaha
User 2: okay what should i reply . actually tell me very . bro
User 1: dude . legit we also were talkimg about this na . so say that . my bank statement thingy . how far are you from your place
User 2: oh oh smart cool . twenty mins . man the cab driver isn't even talking . such a boring journey
User 1: yaa the eighteen ke multiples . aw . music for mee . i'm reaching in two mins
User 2: it . happen . r  ? ?
User 2: bro . mom really did surprise me with the dinner
User 1: wtf . fuck . that looks too boujee . me today after dhoka
User 2: okay i forbid us from using this word a lot . bro i saw your tears from inside when i went to get the water and then i was like yeah two mugs of water aren't going to be enough hahahhaha . bro dad asked me to drive him and dada to the doc rn . thank fucking god i wasn't intoxicated . bro even in this i called some other girl (arusha) anushka . hmm i think i obsessed obsessed
User 1: too embarassing . why . omgg lmao . dude when you were gone the first time to get suttas . the dude asked . dude being the waiter . me . if . i . wanted . jain food . like . if i have a jain preference . and i was gonna say . that my only jain preference is you . yaa i noticed :p . cute . hahahahahah
User 2: i'll ttyl in 10 . in some intense argument on insta
User 1: ya ya cool . how's it w your grandfather ?
User 2: arre no man . it's fine you couldn't take it . not something to be proud of if you're good at it . too parv-y . i'm going to be associating all white and obnoxious shit with him till i draw my last breath . wtf how and why  .  you make me blush bbg . pakka na ? :p . lol sorry about that . he just needed some vitamin   injection . there was thoda water in his lungs but that's not there anymore . he's stable rn at leastb . he keeps telling me to get a job in mumbai only . implying stuff . i feel too bad .
User 1: ya ya no worriess haha . omg lmao . idek dude i was legit freaked out for a sec . legit it was the moment you left . ofcc cause i may be too . kya hua . oh acchaa coo . oh man . what do you think about it . hi jen, unfortunately i'm v sleepy
User 2: sure lies . about ? . it's okay love
User 1: tu soch jo tujhe sochna hai
User 2: tomorrow maybe . isloye toh bfly ka full form nahi boltr
User 1: han
User 2: bro my dada is on the doorn . wait
User 1: oh shit . coolcool
User 2: call . hi sorry for that . but the high gets what it demands . are you okay . what have you been thinking all day . i kinda thought you were off today . accha okay talk to me about anything you want to . goodnight, bfly :)
User 1: ah nothing nothing . idk . brain feels a little cluttered . sorry i didn't come online . i kind of put some songs
User 2: doubt . let me know if i can help or something . lol i thought you'd sleep . i don't know how your sleep disappears suddenly lol
User 1: will do tyy . i'm not sure what it is . i guess it's just that overwhelming feeling
User 2: yeah you kind of gave me that vibe and then i couldn't listen to music because then literally this happened to me . you gave this vibe
User 1: and last night also i had a bad dream . like it wasn't as bad . but felt bad when i was in the dream lmao
User 2: which overwhelming . paris bt aiyoo
User 1: dude i'm so sorry . fuckk . ly
User 2: yeah maybe you should make it up to me and make me happy . haha jk i was just concerned . see no one can stop this too you get the visa and then you'll be satisfied . and i understand that . but i feel that not entirely the reason . any who take your time and relax about paris . till . okay i'm going to sleep now . nighty night
User 1: yrah . ty . i just feel like my brain thinks too much . sometimes that works in my favour . but sometimes the simplest thing it translates to is anxiety
User 2: and sometimes it works against me lol . :
User 1: dude i'm gonna be vv candid w you this is one of the things idk why on some occasions pisses me offt . pisses me off is wrong sorry . makes me feel weird . cause the way i translate this is you saying, "oh if she thinks too much she's probs gonna ask the what are we question"
User 2: no man
User 1: idk, you get what i'm saying ? like, ik you mean it as a joke
User 2: this particular thing you think too much because of i told you the dikshita thing
User 1: haan maybee . but in general . you've mentioned that you've felt that fear w me as well
User 2: you need to understand, she was a completely different person, with her, even after a year of hookup i thought it was too soon . if i were you, i wouldn't compare me with such a low life and wouldn't think about the amount of time spent together either . yes yes mainly this only . this is just an instance . fear is a v strong wordn
User 1: okay fine . not fear then
User 2: bro i'm not afraid of commitment
User 1: okay okay i didn't really imply this . sorry . i was just referring to the jokes or you trying to be distant sometimes
User 2: okay okay
User 1: idk . it kind of confuses me . or hurts me
User 2: yes so just take them as jokes because they are
User 1: yaa i do most of the time
User 2: if i actually feel that oh fuck this is just a hookup, bol diya hota . good enough . hey i'm sorry . i'll try to be more sensitive about it :) . this toh is perfect, always keep your crush thoda confused
User 1: man we're past that aren't we
User 2: not as confused that she doesn't know about the crush you have on her and just let her "hoe" around with people and not ask her out  . nopee . i still have crush on you . oo hots
User 1: like, idk tib can generally tell when i feel somethingwill feel something . and one day he asked me, "do you get pissed off w all the jokes" and then i genuinely didn't . but then idk recently sometimes it ends up bothering me even if i consciously try to not let it bother me cause i know the true intent . he asked me in manipal . i know the true intent is harmless . but ah it still scares mee . and then it forces me to act more distant
User 2: maybe that's because over time we have gotten closer and seeing that it was a short time maybe that changed
User 1: yeah . i agree . like i feel closer to you now . which is why it bothers . which i hate doing . cause i feel like that is so so opposite of who i am . dude ik this conversation is too random
User 2: and i should be sensitive enough to understand this eventhough we are friends first blah blah . somethings do have to change and i shall work on that . but plis to be ready for some jokes because stopping is practically impossible for me
User 1: if you want we can continue it later . cause you bakedd
User 2: and i'm immersed into it
User 1: yes yes col
User 2: but considerate offer . lol you tell me one thing in our entire relationship that was pre planned . hahahahahahah
User 1: lmaoo . dude ugh i hate to be the one who's bringing the bad energy . but yeah i guess it comes w trying to bring the good energy always . there's some bad energy days
User 2: man you know i like to talk about things and get to the bottom of it and trust me i feel nicer and will feel better about you once we've spoken about something either of us wants to talk about . yeah so this quality i really don't like, like i already told you in tvc, you really need to stop criticizing and you know being so harsh on yourself . if i was a different kind of baked i would have probably taken this up tbh
User 1: different how . dude frr it's okay we can talk later pakka . i'm glad at least the conversation is in motion
User 2: that's the thing w you . dont try . your default is good . you try too hard, and you will always break it .
User 1: it's chill . true
User 2: definitely more baked and already engrossed into something else or wanted my personal space kinda high . and jab tak destination nahi aata yeh gadi chalti rehgi
User 1: dude yeah ik ik . so today, again, i started thinking about the shit sohan told me when he was in one of his moods on that monday night after my acid trip . and it was some really rude shit right . and i guess that kind of really raised my insecurities
User 2: how did you start thinking about that and why did you fucking tell me . fine this is understandable how it can happen . and that's alright
User 1: cause i really held him in high regard for quite a long period of my life .
User 2: but how did you suddenly start thinking about that
User 1: so when divij said sohan was coming
User 2: ohh
User 1: is when i started thinkingnof that again . idk why . but i kept pushing it back . and then in the cab alone . it kind of came back
User 2: aiyo . anushka sometimes you just gotta move past the horrid past . i know those few words stay for a long time
User 1: i know i'm not the things he said i was
User 2: exactly . even he knows that now
User 1: but it just makes you insecure you know
User 2: something untrue and abstract shouldn't be affecting you . yeah yeah . i get that
User 1: and not just insecure in the aspects they mentioned . but insecure overall . and you question everything . oh fuck dude how'd i let my brain get this messy
User 2: you shouldn't be insecure because that's not the anushka i've ever known . self confidence you have is one of the most attractive qualities i find about you
User 1: oh bro what self confidence 
User 2: read this entire chat . proper uncluttering is happening
User 1: lmao
User 2: a person never sees their own best qualities
User 1: yeah i kind of decided to chat w you after journaling
User 2: that's why they stay untarnished
User 1: cause i felt like some of the stuff i was writing there i should tell you
User 2: you wrote ?
User 1: yup
User 2: oh nice . perfect
User 1: i have your poem btw . haha
User 2: don't be itna insecure anushka . that ain't the girl i wanna fuck :p . tomorrow please
User 1:  .
User 2: i want to be wide awake for it . jk mann
User 1: yaa ya ofc not now omg
User 2: do you feel thoda better ?
User 1: chal go sleep bitch . yeah
User 2: hmm . chalo goodnight
User 1: gn ! . take care my dude
User 2: love you bbg
User 1: ly2 . sleep tight . dude i also feel so guilty for leaving the house uff . like i dread telling my mom about any plan . i guess that's also a reason i dont feel like meeting people sometimes ? . cause i dont want to have that same bt w my mom . and i dont wanna hurt her
User 2: do you really believe this ? . and gm . how the fuck are you awake again this unlike you . you good ?
User 1: ya dude, like i enjoyed spending time w you in the cafe, the only thing bothering me at the back of my mind was my mom feeling pissed off . gm ! . yesyes i'm good . better now than last night
User 2: how are you awake so early haha
User 1: i was thinking about the doent translation . now do you get why i like  so much ? legit slows life down for me when my brain is thinking at twenty-seven million, three hundred and ninety-two thousand, seven hundred and twenty-seven mps . but if i do too much i feel stupid . so i have to strike the optimum  consumption rate . anywaay . what's the plan for the day . dude legit sorry for being such a buzz kill last night . i'm much better now, i think i just needed sleep
User 2: what are you doing about it . going today ? . sorry i slept again lol . oh you cs student, wtf is mps .  . but it's alright i understand . okay not gonna lie, i stopped the video call because i kinda didn't wanna talk to myself ? but then i texted cos hey, i don't wanna stop talking to you and i knew something was up so well . next time, maybe tell me whats going through your head in the first go ? like when i ask you for the first time . doing it over video call would have been easier . but no, you could never be a buzzkill jaan . cutess . then snap me your happy little head as prooiff that you're betterb . i'll go get my last two ids ka
User 1: omg no way would i be able to talk over video call and all lmao . finally . bro my parents wanna go to shirdi tomorrow . and ofc even i have to go . fuck i'm so not looking forward to that . i hate that place too much . it's always so crowded . filled w religious fanatics . and it's so so so so annoying . phew but i'm sorry i've been behaving a little weirdly sometimes okay ? . dude, do you listen toknow about rex orange county ?
User 2: yeah i kinda got that . in between the conversation i wrote do you want to video call and then just back spaced it al . how religious are your parents looll
User 1: what a cutiee
User 2:  that's why i'm happy i came out as an atheist
User 1: not very . dude they know i don't believe in this stuff . but they still want me to go
User 2: is okay . happens to the best of us . and it's not really a headache for me so eh
User 1: ty boo
User 2: okay i just couple of verses from some random song . the band does sound thoda familiar ! might have heard it before . sup ? . like do they just say, so we're going tomorrow to shirdi ?  . bobb
User 1: nothing nothing i'd kind of forgotten about him and suddenly i remembered them today morning when i woke up . it's such pretty music and lyrics . very much like mac demarco if you know him . this is legit the kind of music that calms me down and take a deep breath . rex orange county . they said it before and i said, "omg i cannot go there again" and then my mom got all quiet and hurt .
User 2: i'll add these to my list rn . stars the message and listens to them for hours to keep up with crushes music
User 1: v cool . 
User 2: you are a person who does need artists to calm down . too much you thinkjjk . 
User 1: agre
User 2: ae from experience i can tell you, when it comes to god, they stop getting hurt lol . this is why i don't like india . religion is forced upon you and then once you are our age, you either hate it or are already balls deep in it to back outn
User 1: ya dude fr
User 2: like yesterday when i was driving back i saw this dude i used to play with when i was young, he is our age and he was in his pooja clothes . yeah i can't do this shit . one good deed of the day is how i like to spend my lifeb
User 1: fuck me . it's 5 .5 hours away . from . here . dude i dont wanna go man
User 1: bro i'll kill myself
User 2: that is actually too funny for me 
User 1: and then 5 .5 hours back . and in the middle some puja bs . dude fuck man .
User 2: dude i don't think your earphone battery will last that long 
User 1: ya it won't . bro i'll legit kill someone . and we just had a mini road trip on saturday . to go to that place . to check the property
User 2: you're a grown up . maybe you should realyy talk to your parents about this seeing that your brother is definitely not wasting his time behind this
User 1: and we legit came back twelve hours later . bro i'm too nice of a kid .
User 2: yeah it does bite in the ass
User 1: they don't ask him cause he's in pace . bro i legit said i dont wanna go . but idk they don't really force me for anything . dude i'm legit so tired . and it's the vacations . i shouldn't be tired . i just wanna go to or something . and i wanna go to cute cafes . and just thinkk . and i wanna go on nice walks . and listen to live music . and discover new bands . i guess i need paris dude . that's why it's scary
User 2: they are forcing it ? . 
User 1: it's one of those things where i dont really have a choice type
User 2: of course you fucking need paris
User 2: huhh . bro it's eleven hours travelling . excluding pooja . ae man . lets travel one day okayb . because i want this . this
User 1: ya dudee
User 2: this
User 1: for reap . real
User 2: this
User 1: omg
User 2: i found all these in mi itseld
User 1: dude i shouldn't be imagining this stuff
User 2: and it was fucking worth it
User 1: when i have to go to shirdi tomorrow
User 2: not happening anytime soon  .
User 1: dude for suree i legit cried every two minutes in my dharamshala trip
User 2: heheheheheh . chalo north india sundari
User 1: chaloo . i told you the gift this artist gave me na . in dharamshala
User 2: no wtf
User 1: i told you 100
User 2: accha remind me then
User 1: i went for a walk in dharamshala in the evening . and i went to this art gallery . it was a sunday . and i didn't know this . but apparently every sunday even the artist sits there . and i had no idea the old lady i met at the entrance was the artist
User 2: yeah you didn't tell me .
User 1: but i was walking around inside, the gallery was split in two . one was the abstract art side, stuff she realised during meditation . the other was just watercolour paintings of nature and paintings by some of her friends who passed away . and idk, i guess i was in that plastic state of mind . legit every little thing was affecting me . i saw one of the abstract paintings and kind of teared up . and she came and stood next to me and she started talking to me about what inspired these paintings . and she took me around the entire gallery and told me about every painting . she was 85 . german . and was married to an indian guy . she told me about her life
User 2: omg
User 1: what made her run away from germany . how she hated living w that kind of wealth . and how she joined an ashram . and all these paintings came from crazy meditation . she meditated every day for at least 5-6 hours
User 2: woah .
User 1: and dude i was toh crying . i asked her how she let everything go . back home in germany . and she said she had been driven to a point that she just had to run away . there wasn't any other option . and my mom also came later on and bought one of the paintings . her husband helps her manage the gallery
User 2: you have never shown me any such painting and i'm pissed off .
User 1: so my mom was paying and talking to that husband . that lady took me to another place . pointed at a bunch of postcard paintings . and asked me to pick one
User 2: aw
User 1: i legit didn't understand what she meant for a second . but i looked through and picked the one w this cute little sparrow . and she took a pen, wrote a message for me, wrote her email id (she doesn't have a phone) and signed her name . and gave it to me
User 2: dude my heart will melt  . i want to see it
User 1: bro i was cryingg . it's on my insta highlights you stalker
User 2: oo . yeah just went on to see jt . oh bro . that is too cute .
User 1: right . i def wanna meet her again
User 2: yeah thanks for leaving me out on such a beautiful story
User 1: sorry na my qween . now you know
User 2: but yeah dude
User 1: but hey, remember the sparrows from the first sutta
User 2: you find such experiences only in the northern hills
User 1: i totes agre
User 2: yes and you did point them out . :')))) . see again a loop in a story . like it started and now it has endedb . argh . i die
User 1: ya dudee
User 2: bro this was my only regret going to north with such a big group . like i tried my best  but yeah i really couldn't talk to that many strangers . but yeah we got close to our driver and then those babas
User 1: yeaah truu
User 2: and then we spoke to this gay dude who got a crush on our friend and then texted him when we were in mumbai too hahahha
User 1: omg so cutee . like was it a cute one or creepy one
User 2: and then in malana we spoke to these guys who go there once every year . creepy :p
User 1: oh oops . woah goals
User 2: but bro malana is one experience you need to take in
User 1: omg
User 2: like that place just has that rustic vibe
User 1: fav . fuck . i wanna go now .
User 2: you can feel alexander's army hiking through it . and just the atmosphere . that was a four hour trek that i have no regrets about
User 1: omgg . you should send me picss . check sc my boi
User 2: sorry i went for a bath . yes they are literally on the wayb . e . nah i'm low key . nice top you got there fam . honestly, it really does look good on you . i like to see you all comfy . p . s . in hindsight, i think i should have shaved for the trip but i was just letting grow cos why not . bad decision .
User 1:  . ty ty a friend gave it to me . ty its all cause of you . hehehhehehehe issokie
User 2: quite the special friend you got there . lucky you i wish i had someone like that friend . accha okay don't reply . it's picture time
User 1: are all the pics sent, should i reply ?
User 2: i'll tell you . you deleted this message . fini . sorry i can't send video, somethings wrong with the sharing idk . anyway . sorry for so many pictures . but these get the essence . next time be careful before asking for pictures lol . i can't share half half incomplete memories :p . i got this rick and morty tee for harshit . the dude in the picture hand paints all these . rick taking a bong shot hahahahha . i'm sorry for the spam :) . hey i kinda want to read a good book this vacation . please to suggest . you just died out of nowhere didn't you . imy
User 1: omg i've been there :o . omg wow . bro wtf this is such an aesthetic . omg hahahahahhaa . cutee omg . this is so so pretty . omg wantt . okay what those are too many jokers i cant breathe . is that the thriller thingy ? . dont apologize maann
User 2: you should have fucked me earlier . you would have gotten
User 1: so cutee
User 2: i'm telling you . it was always written in the books .
User 1: omg
User 2: no clue whatsoever :) but it looks dank af
User 1: heyhey what kind do you like reading ? . i slept off heheheheheh
User 2: aww cutes . it's worse than my music taste so well . like in music i still have specifics . in reading toh loll . so i know i don't like any mythology . i downloaded couple of books on the kindle app . and i've been meaning to read stephen hawking since a very long time now . have you read any of them ?
User 1: na . not the entire thing . you're talking about brief history ?
User 2: i've read that . some other
User 1: i've kind of read this other book which i liked a lot . cosmos . carl sagan . have you read sapiens . it's a really really slow read thp . tho
User 2: i started but never go through it
User 1: yeah
User 2: hahaha exactly
User 1: wait what about thrillers and shit
User 2: this i've heard but never read chalo great
User 1: you like sidney sheldon ?
User 2: nah not for me . i like thoda subtler stories
User 1: oh accha
User 2: i realised i'm only into motion pictures with this kinda genre
User 1: han
User 2: because i'm a slow reader anyway it's hard to keep up the thrilling part 
User 1: even i'm a slow reader omgg
User 2: bro you have to read death of a salesman . idek why you specifically but bruh . yeah i got fifty in literature but damn was it worth it . ysing that book for boards was probably the first time i dove that deep into any story ever . are you wearing the t-shirt just at home or are you like going out :p . e i'm happy you're wearing it hehe
User 1: aw .  . aw my cutiee . done, i'm actually reading the little prince rn cause rishabh had sent me the pdf . i'll go out also if you want me to bbg . my brother and i were playing a game of cod . and my mom took a pic
User 2: haha it's your gift . i just want to know how is the tee doing hahahah
User 1: and she knows you gave it to me . so she told me to send it to you
User 2: aw . too cute it is . mommy is making the daughter make her crush blush hahahaha . ae dude actually i'm glad i have it to you . b . like it just looks natural on you hahahha
User 1: bro it's too good of a gift . like speechless kind of gift
User 2: haha no problem . somethings are better on others . mom didn't even notice i'm missing a tee 
User 1:  . bro i'm dreading tomorrow
User 2: whens the wake up call 
User 1: idek . bro i'm legit scared if i drive tomorrow i'll run over someone . but i'm legit thinking of this trip as me doing something for my parents . jenit i think you accidentally messaged on the y dont we hang out group on insta
User 2: yeah i know  . it was on purpose hahahahha
User 1: oh okay cool 
User 2: but im scared of the caps so i deleted it
User 1: huh
User 2: caps lock lol . fine i won't compliment you in groups . people will never know how i feel about you . cool .
User 1: oh . my dude . i thought it was by mistake sorry
User 2: oh yeah i'm into dumb girls and i do dumb things . dude we stonigh on the eastern freeway now . like about to start
User 1: omg 
User 2: and we going to pass that cop dude
User 1: fuck  . send me snaps okay ? . so guess what . i'm not doing four months . i'm doing three and one remote
User 2: what do you think and feel about this . good or bumped out ?
User 1: i feel good . cause this is easier to handle . more reliable . i could do four months only for it to fail in thirty days
User 2: great cos now guess who can come visit manipal people in bangalore
User 1: ahhahaha omg
User 2: oh that last line . he is a fucking angel bro
User 1: ya dude hahaha 
User 2: i'm so glad they're already so comfortable with you
User 1: ya man . i use emojis in our conversation . 
User 2: yeah i'm not scared for your paris settling in part loll . 
User 1: aw what a babe
User 2: wasn't kidding but okay . yeah so this . woah
User 1: ya man . i died . what kind of trip
User 2: but i think i would want to know that answer
User 1: who wouldn't
User 2: but probably not on my first trip . finally at least you're giving me something thanks haa
User 2: smd with this lol . oohh you've showed me this beforeb . like the names of the people don't match the comment . or is that something else
User 1: yaas . in in in
User 2: remote internship . loll . fuck man i hate talking like this . i get turned on in middle of the living room 
User 1: omg  . eazy
User 2: what wouldn't i give for a tit rn argh . 
User 1: wait for it to be a little bit later in the night bitch . too naughty . bro my brother and i were chilling in my parents room . and we ended up sleeping off . and the pics are too cute
User 2: eh let's see if i'm lucky enough hm .  . your parents take pictures of everything hahahha best . but but you do sleep a lot wtf . you a old old person . why do you kepp hiding your facce . but aw
User 1: dude it's like i'm taking care of him
User 2: you're the older sister that's what you're supposed to do bitchh . but too cute bro . so like you know that small bed in my sister's room no . till i was physically unable to sleep, my sister would come on my bed and both us fat fucks would sleep the night there :'))) . arthh i miss my older sister . can you be my older sister and protect me in slep
User 1: aw . i can be your older gf and protect you in your sleep
User 2: ohh too direct . hmm . bro send me pictures from the grilled sandwich day please . fuck sorry for not replying with a gif fuck how could i forgetb . oh bro what a day . yeah now i think i have all our pictures pheww .  man i want to go back right fucking now . now .
User 1: aw . i'm too cute honestly . i know how to take the cutest videos . omg wtf
User 2: you know one thing i don't realize
User 1: ew 
User 2: i don't understand how you change from cute to fucking hot to back to a cute little girl
User 1: omg i'm gonna stone now . in like half an hour . w my cousin's ! . cousins
User 2: that's how you do it
User 1: my brother is also here
User 2: ah my stoner girl friend . make him do to if he doesn't have to study
User 1: return concat("girl", "friend") . no no my cousin brother . the guitarist
User 2: exit with error code -99999999
User 1: he's gonna learn a riff i told him to learn
User 2: oh yeah i remember . which one
User 1: it's a simple one . tourist - julian casablancas . but i find it v powerful .
User 2: dude do you know any app that lets you design the ui part . like the back end is not even needed . i mean you can use photoshop but anything specific for an app ? . oiio
User 1: figma
User 2: bro send me snaps from your session to
User 1: if i remember correctly . it helps you create wireframes that you can than export it as code as well
User 2: yeah cool idc after that it's not for me
User 1: everyone at ms used that
User 2: yeah i know naveen taught you jeez stop showing off
User 1: even tib used to use it
User 2: hahaha jk . you know that netflix shows the songs that are playing also right
User 1: primee . yaa . but i had forgotten
User 2: yeah you keep acting smart . gosh . are you with your cousins
User 1: otw . in the auto . for someone who loves taking the car . my parents really doubt me when i dont take it
User 2: samne . fuck i was talking about it today when i was 
User 1: hehehehehhe
User 2: im going for drinks with a dude and was asking my friends what should i tell parents about not taking the car
User 1: and legit this place is close alsp
User 2: hahahah
User 1: and has a proper parking area
User 2: you can't drive high at all ? . yeah prolly not .
User 1: i drove once and it was easy
User 2: i saw your sober driving .
User 1: but . bro fuck you seriously . i don't want my parents to scream at me if they do catch me high
User 2: and it's was great
User 1: cause they will flip if i drove back high
User 2: why you being so hostile . message wasn't sent not my fault . 
User 1: but will flip less if i was high . oh good good  . i think this through my dude
User 2: pretty trivial thinking . lol . but but
User 1: fkn chutiya
User 2: main point is . must get baked . bfly
User 1: fo
User 2: you enjoy with cousins, snap me, and let me know if cod is happening cos i inin . fine won't use it : if it makes you like this .
User 1: yas will do ofc . fine . don't use . use just ly 
User 2: but then how will i keep you in the dark and then use the bfly as an excuse to ghost you later ? . later means two thousand and twenty
User 1: do whatever you want bitch
User 2: you . loll . you tell him it's your fault that you don't have change . like next timen . you get the right arguments out
User 1: ya . fr
User 2: chal enjoy bbg . a year later  . you've shushed me while sleeping too so well i think you become violent . you shouldn't sleep . you're an aggressive sleeper . fuck too funny 
User 1: sorry dude . genuinely don't mean any harm . tryna get those zzs . dude everybody poops . it's crazy . like . i can't imagine anybody else pooping . sorry i'm so weird
User 2: so you that high hm . noice . it's the single most satisfying thing bro . like all your life's stress is just temporarily gone . and in that moment . we are infinite .
User 1: hi . cutie
User 2: hi . beauty
User 1: ya can we do the thing we did on that video call
User 2: oh my god . your  hoe . in in in . aren't you at your cousins place
User 1: cool . ya nof now
User 1: 100 wanna feel that while i'm this baked
User 2: i love it . hahaha
User 1: i'm booking you in advancd
User 2: i'll be obliged . always free for you
User 1: good . i may bail last minute cause it's who i am at this point
User 2: hey i accept you for you so
User 1: omg so cute jen . my heart is melting . don't say nice shit . of my heart has melted . i'm too fkd
User 2: i hope it tastes as good as your pussy
User 1: okay . don't be hot now . i'm legit w two cousins
User 2: okay okay i'll wait :p .  . when are you planning to leave
User 1:  . dude i'm so weird man . 
User 2: some people want to date models . i jack off to this shiz . what do you even mean by the thing anushka
User 1: hehehehhehe . shit i'm one weirdo . 
User 2: i'm still lost so help me out will you
User 1: of . don't make me . it's a little nsfw
User 2:  . ? . it's fine i'm not in an office
User 1: it's where we're both doing the thing
User 2: making coffee like that night . col
User 1: ughh . i'm not explaining it sorry
User 2: i'll be ready in the kitchen for you
User 1: oh that works for both plans
User 2: two plans being coffee and tea yeah ?
User 1: okay stop doing this to me . or i'd really really wanna fuck you
User 2: so it's working . good .
User 2: maybe i shouldn't have focused on those grill sandwichs so much and should have grilled you on the table top
User 1: exactly
User 2: never say never . no worries . i know we are going to fuck soon enough
User 2: how about we take a v short washroom break .
User 1: omg no eay . way
User 2: you see the full stop right :) ?
User 1: omg i always get scared when they're there
User 2: tick . tock
User 1: i can't go tho
User 2: goodnight
User 1: oh man . you know i can't . my cousins are right here
User 2: that's why you just have to go for a pee break duh . fuck all i want to do rn is pull your hair and kiss your hard
User 1: omg . fuck i legit felt my stomach drop
User 2: panties normally follow this . arggh . is okay . text me when fre . atb
User 1: wait i think they may be asleep
User 2: perf . are you screwed ?
User 1: phew
User 2:  . goodnight jaan . all the best for tomorrow
User 1: i'm ready to die . i slept again thank god
User 2: gm . guess who had a beautiful sleep . dude i'm so weird . i woke up at 8 . saw your messageb . idek why i opened and applied to some random company and slept again 
User 1: what 
User 2: of course you think you'd survive the day on a two hour nap ?
User 1: nap  . dude . i took a pillow w me to the car  . dude i woke up in the middle a bit . and my parents were talking about me . also . i didn't really have any dreams . but i'm kind of excited about paris finally !
User 2: what about you . so we done done ? . finally omg . about fucking time . did you reachh
User 1: they were wondering how i was sleeping so comfortably . na, will reach in 10 . bro remind me to tell you later
User 2: hii
User 1: about the conversation i had w my dad
User 2: loll gonna be a long day . about ?
User 1: about this shirdi thingy . ya man
User 2: okayy . so arusha kinda asked me to meet her and muskaan
User 1: airport ? . also, go do your id work !
User 2: guess who about to pull a parv and about to ghost . but no in south only . after this they gonna go to bandra . let's see if i can meet before else i won't reply . man i sleep late every night due to distractions that by the time i get ready it's lunch break . i'll go in the afternoon
User 1:  . sorry . tell me how it goes . puja over omg
User 2: :p . yeah never thought i'd be with a religious girl ever . very big turn off for me
User 1: bro i hated it . so pls
User 2: yeah my afternoon is also kinda bumped out . dada is telling me to take the driver . i'm like i like to drive i want to drive alone then he kept insisting . but i know his brain is thoda fuzzy rn so i'm explaining it to him aaramse . and then driver is acting like oh let the kid drive . and he is a really irritating one . so yeah i kinda snapped at him . argh why can't i just drive in peace . helo . dont ignore me
User 1: hi hi i'm here . the driver ? what did he do ?
User 2: he was talking in a patronizing tone and i anyway don't like him at all
User 1: oh accha
User 2: he fucking complains to my dada if i drive thoda like a teen . chut . anyway . how spiritual do you feel 
User 1: what . omg
User 2: and when i was coming to the airport, we were driving till the rendezvous . and a bike wala hit the car . i wanted the compensation but this pussy just kept driving because he was toi scared even when we are right  . okay let's not talk about him i'll keep ranting .  .
User 1: omg hahahaha . too much  . i've to go back and search up more paris shit . okay i'm driving ttyl
User 2: like ? . normal shit no . about time bitcj . this is going to take a while . holy shit dude everyone is killing me . the guards at wankhede have never asked me for my card and today just because i'm wearing tracks he was irritating me and then i didn't even have a card off course . just cos you wear tracks next to a bajillion dollar property they want to throw you out . okay i need a sutta
User 1:  . ep, shitt . did you get one ? . we took a small break abhi . getting tea coffee . i drove a bit . then slept again . and again driving
User 2: i feel calm . not more irritating people for the day lol . y'all aren't home also yet 
User 1: bro . legit . the only reason any of this is happening . is cause i dont want to upset anybody
User 2:  .  .
User 1: accha i'll tell you what i was supposed to tell you
User 2: tell
User 1: my mom told me today morning, "anshu come only if you feel gratitude not because you're doing it for me or papa" . well i feel 0 gratitude . and i'm only doing it for mummy papa
User 2: did you tell them that . no na ?
User 1: no
User 2: ha thank god
User 1: but i said, "yes i'm coming dw"
User 2: continue
User 1: and my mom i guess caught on to that tone . and she's like, "this is the only god we all love blah blah your grandfather loves him blah blah" . and i was like, "ya exactly why i'm coming i never said no" . then i was talking to my dad while my mom was getting ready . okay i'll message you the rest later . parents are back
User 2: yeah i was about to say that . go have chai . coffee
User 2: yeah today was such a dull affair . kinda missed you okay . yeah fine not kinda . missed you missed you
User 1: ya same ofc . same dude . omgg . ayy . phew i'm back finally dude . i just wanna isolate myself now . bro rio was so pissed off at me
User 2: such a nice cute shirt trip :) . whyy
User 1: he was crying, and when i went to the door to close it after we all entered, he came running and legit howled so loudly at me cause he thought i was going again . smd . dude rio is so mad at me
User 2: aiyo . just grab him and don't let him go . i mean idk how do you calm him ?
User 1: did that only . he licked my entire face . and bit my face also . he's better now :p . such a bum he is
User 2: you don't allow me to do this fu . you're just a mean hoo man
User 1: next time in in in
User 2: poor boi . wut next time
User 1: ay no no i'm nice . rio loves me lotss . and i love him lots . don't be jelly
User 2: you're just the toxic so who keeps leaving
User 1: next time you bite my face
User 1: no fkn way . i'm not that bitch .
User 2: lol you think there's a next time cute . you the exact bitch
User 1: oh coolcoolcool
User 2: tell me about the convo now with dad . last time you left me on a cliffhanger
User 1: ya so i told him, "if it's gratitude and all tbh i'm just doing it for y'all" . and he said, "ya your mother sometimes fixates on these small things but she'll act like it's okay if you don't come but it'll hurt her" . and i already know all of these things . because the same situation has happened in my house too many times  . that's why i didn't say anything . but dude it was legit horrible there . my dad was wearing shorts . and apparently they don't allow you inside if you wear shorts . so he legit bought some cloth and wore a lungi dude . it was too weird  . but then we had already gone all the way to the entrance . so we had to go all the way back looking for something that my dad can cover his legs with . and legit, religion is just a business . so many people making money off of religious fanatics . and legit people were forcing so much shit on us to buy . and if we say no . they're like, "aaj thursday hai, aaj baba ka din hai, agar aaj nahi liya toh kab loge" blah blah . some dude cut the line for some darshan shit . and this other dude got pissed . and he said in marathi, "app bhagwaan ke ghar par bhi cheating karte ho kaide aadmi ho" . it was legit the worst . i like those quiet temples where at least it helps you connect w yourself in some way . but this shit is just monstrous . and i'm sitting in the car thinking, "i really have grown up a little ." teenage me was so angsty, she would've thrown one tantrum for sure .
User 2: okay i'm driving i'll reply in a bit . going for dessert with gals hehe
User 1: okie i'll also freshen up and be back, have fun ! . which one is this
User 2: hi anushka . i'm so sorry i just got back . every house bro every house . okay stop turning me on jesus .  diedd . bro all these main hubs are like this only . hahahhaa that's so truee . even i feel the exact same thing
User 1: hello . how was dessert ! ? ?
User 2: like when i had to religious things during sister's wedding . i was like if they divorce this shit shouldn't come to me  . you know it . skipped . decided for some healthy juicy juice
User 1: my babe uff . omg lmao
User 2: cod
User 1: dude . legit just played . w my brother . now i'm tired of it
User 2: hahahahha cutes . you do have a different personality when you're high . like you seem all comfortable and fucked . but upstairs your brain is always working . and then after being high also there different kinds of high
User 1: yeah v chill i become
User 2: arggh can't wait to stone with my bbg again :') . cool cool cool . 
User 1: omgg
User 2: bro i legit haven't played a single game of pubg or cod since 16
User 1: it's tru . aw . chal first one w me . but not tonight ty . i was trying to be scary
User 2: it's like vatsals message 
User 1: ya .  ! . you remember i'll die dude
User 2: yeah sure
User 1: :') . but this was my intent . likee . idk how to explain it . but i remember the reason i sent it was cause i wanted to be scary
User 2: like oh i'm already here what are you asking me kinda thing
User 1: ya . but he can't see me . and i'm sending him pics of him . 
User 2: you're one weird kid man . who the fuck even uses these emojis
User 1: someone's got to
User 2: next time you play cod with your brither call me or i'll cut you . but not us .
User 1: oh i'm so scared
User 2: that calls for a red bum
User 1:  . che
User 2: cool next time you shall be spanked accordingly . kal toh yeh line pasand thi tumhe :p
User 1: okay then  . fuck, so many people are getting married . chal let's get married
User 2: chal . who tho ?
User 1: bro legit every other story i see on insta is from a marriage . hey so . i'm gonna sleep . i'm legit so so tired
User 2: :(((((((
User 1: i legit look like this: 
User 2: chal tomorrow we'll get married then . snappo :
User 1: haan done
User 2: hehe . you should send me one goodnight snap everyday maybe . for like nice dreams and stuff . 
User 1: okay done
User 1: will send . ugh
User 2: i know you hate this so
User 1: i wanna sleep next to you
User 2: it's empty so well
User 1: you're so cute you remember all this i'll die 
User 2: bro we perfect legos  . i have shit short term memory . i remember the little things tho :)
User 1: ya, perfect legos ! 
User 2: i meant while sleeping and cuddling . girls honestly just one thing and it's disgusting
User 1:  . 
User 2: bfly nighty night . ohh
User 1: what
User 2: you didn't understand the goodnight snap  . cool cool . cutes
User 1: oh . sorry
User 2: yeah dw
User 1: oops
User 2: i won't distract you . you sleep :p . :')))) . i'm actually chuckling hahahahha
User 1: i swear i'm too innocent for this shit
User 2: you sleep you had a long day
User 1: i was still stuck on this
User 2: you look the same all the time except when you high lol . chalo goodnight bbg you sleep . forget this horrid day ever happened
User 1: oh that sucks . can't believe it was horrid for both of us
User 2: you don't talk to me and it fucking fell apart literally since j woke up so well . you stop texting me man . i won't stop replying with bs
User 1: huh . oh sorry
User 2: you didn't talk to me no today properly, so since the start of the day only it got terrible for me to
User 1: ya ya sorry i read it wrong the first time
User 2: you that sleepy aw . you will melt my heart now . fuck . you're really beautiful man . inside out . man . i do understand .
User 1: omg hehehe . 
User 2: my mind is never satisfied enough with you . always want more arghh . i love the passing out but 
User 1: hehehe bfly jen .  . okay you look hot . you look like a hot teacher
User 2: i wore my dad's today haha i like the color . yeah i was looking . crisp today . if you werent busy with good i would have snapped you :p
User 1: it's a crazy colour . wear this when we meet next . ugh
User 2: done .
User 1: i'm so mad you go look crisp for all the other girls
User 2: yeah even my  friend complimented me today
User 1: ugh
User 2: maybe you should be more possessive . who know who'll steal me and when
User 1: done .
User 2: what did you delete . don't pull a jen
User 1: typo
User 2: bro i wanna really take parvs case 
User 1: please don't . 
User 2: man i'm so fake i love itt . 
User 1: bro i find all this too scary 
User 2: wtf . too much tension that's true . i love how you're just fucking liking all the texts chut
User 1: heheheh . fkn chutiya you are
User 2: was waiting for this hahahahahaha . video call time you me and parvv
User 1: bro fu . okie i'm legit gonna sleep now my babezz
User 2: i'm into this kind of thing so . fucking you is fun . haha okiee
User 1: before i keep my phone aside for '2 minutes'
User 2: we know what happens after that . dw . ttyl in two
User 1: k .  . idk how to end a conversation w you . this is wired . weird
User 2: i'll just stop replying
User 1: yeah sort . okay i hate this . bye bye my cutie
User 2: oh it's such a wonderful day
User 1: hi . gm
User 2: i hate when i wake up with a weird headache
User 1: drink some coffee . those beans fix everythingg
User 2: no what i need is a morning chai sutta with my bbg
User 1: dude . i may get my hair cut today ! . also ya when we doin yhis
User 2: fuck i'm too excited . sunday ?
User 1: oh i completely forgot . cousins are coming over . for the weekend
User 2: ahh . okay can we fix the acid trip . whatever we have to book and all . when we meeting siddhant
User 1: ya dude
User 2: everything
User 1: i'm so confused . i suddenly have to meet too many people
User 2: you fix everything because idk the dates . 
User 1: it's too many for me
User 2: your friends are coming soon right
User 1: i've to meet my microsoft friend . so him on 21st . fam trip on 24th-26th morning . 26th night the party . the concert is on 18th . tib is coming for this only . dude should we trip on 18th only ? . cause these peeps will be busy w the concert
User 2: who peeps ?
User 1: so vanshika noop yash and tib are going for the concert . rn i'm going to get the bank statements . like i'll go in an hour
User 2: so when will you meet them then ? ? . where you going . you going to get lit lit . idmm
User 1: idek but my cousins and their fam is also coming and my grandparents
User 2: oo
User 1: afterwards ? . this is so difficult to plan
User 2: won't we be tripping ?
User 1: if 18th night we pop . trip all the way till 19th . i'll meet them on 19th itself ? . cause i had to spend some time w tib also . he wants to meet my dog and all
User 2: even i want to meet haw . this sounds cool
User 1: okay wait . there's a problem
User 2: hate this . what's up
User 1: okay he's leaving 19th . bro i hate this part about tripping . the planning . the hiding from parents . cause i feel too weird meeting mom and dad . i guess you will yoo . too
User 2: bro you decide the time according to your convenience . you have a lot on your plate . fucks we should have done this at the start only when we were to free
User 1: : . my head is hurting . legit . 
User 2: on 19th what time is he leaving at ? . ae man after y'all trip you spent time with him . after our trip also you'll spend time with him  . i want to be there for the ysing part when we sober up . urgh
User 1: oh ya ya so i realised that . so plan change . 16th i chill w him . 17th i chill w friends . 17th night we trip . 18th we yse . cool ? . how does this sound ? . let me inform my parents abhi only
User 2: great
User 1: that i'm busy 16-18
User 2: what about the place
User 1: idk . bro legit my mom gets so upset when i make plans . dude i legit feel like nothing comes easy, i have to beg, plan in advanced, tell her, deal w the consequences of telling her . and then she'll bring up yesterday . about how i seemed disinterested in all of this . this being the eleven hour drive and the one hour break and the one hour darshan . ofc i'm disinterested . but i still was smiling, cracking jokes, laughing, making the car journey fun . now you know why i'm always anxious about little things . this has legit been my entire childhood . it's so much better now ofc, but sometimes when things like this happen it just reminds me of that time . sorry for ranting
User 2: anushka this is every family . as adults all we can do is strike the perfect balance between our happiness and theirs . like i actually understand their part as well that you're away for so long and when you come back also you want to meet friends . but you won't be meeting those friends for a v long time as well so our pov also makes sensen . eh nothing is going to be easy .  . sometimes parents are impossible it's true . dude you're too fucking mature . yeah i couldn't have . where the tantrums at . lols . it's okay honey
User 1: bro ik these things . i'm just ranting . nvm .
User 2: okay okah . sorry . yeah i know you know . sorry no don't be mad at me
User 1: han not mad . bro i legit spend so much time w them . i'm the person that doesn't meet her friends cause i have to spend time at home . and i make plans w them . whether it's cycling . or making fruit juice for everybody . it's just that all of those things are thrown out when i have to go meet my friends . i plan my friends ka thing around my family ka thing . and i told her i'm not planning anything this weekend cause cousins are coming over . you know what she said . "ofc they are the reason why you aren't planning anything and not us (us being my parents)" . we're going on a trip also . likee . im never ever good enough . not once do i get credit
User 2: you will never get credit . stop waiting for it . it's family . you do your best all the time . and thats enough .
User 1: yeahh
User 2: you're already the ideal daughter . i don't know anyone our age doing this . eg, today i'll be going for first family dinner . that also because it's with jijus fam . yeah this was too awesome . where are you going tho
User 1: 24th . dude
User 2: try again .
User 1: the concert people wanna meet on 18th . idk where we're going . alibaug i think .
User 2: woah hot . so we trip on 16th night ? . that way you get to see me and tib on the same day tooii . hehe
User 1: idk what's happening
User 2: okay anushka .
User 1: i'll tell you in dome . i'm going to the bank abhi
User 2: how about you take a step back and breathe
User 1: some
User 2: or do this . do you want to meet for sometime in the afternoon or something . idm coming there . chai sutta followed by thoda driving and then i come back for my dinner plan
User 1: i can't . have to get the haircut .
User 2: oh forgot that . someone gonna look to on point
User 1: i almost said yes
User 2: fuck i can't wait
User 1: but i cant say yes
User 2: dil chahta hai
User 1: and the fkn lifts are not working . legit one is working . and the bank shifted . so now i'm going back to get the car
User 2:  . yes welcome to my yesterday
User 1: and im on yhe 19th floor . and it's legit stopping on every floor . and i'm crying . so i'm looking at the phone
User 2: you're in the lift ? ! . wow it actually is . i'm getting the messages too quickly . fucks . okay so this might be a bad time to ask for the next novels name that i'm going to read
User 1: now i'm dropping my mom to the dentist . then bank . and i forgot i had put some stain remover on one top . so i ran and removed it . now back to the car
User 2: text me aramse . all the best  . thought you need this song after that morning lel . how's it going
User 1: aww ty . what're you doing
User 2: i was playing poker lol . planning to get my laptop fixed in the evening . are you going for the haircut now . done with the bank ?
User 1: oh w whom . oh sort sort . ya getting it now . yaa . bro she just washed my hai . hair . i almost slept off . fuck
User 2: online mad . fuck . we know that would happen . i'm excited
User 1: i won't meet you if it looks ugly . or send pics
User 2: fair enough
User 1: cool
User 2: i don't want to be with an uggo . even though we aren't together together . lol
User 1: well looks like i'm the bigger person cause i've been w an uggo since i met him on tinder
User 2: at least you're bigger somewhere
User 1: okay that makes zero sense bitch .  . i had a crazy car ride . i was just listening to music
User 2: person who has to touch your tits only with know
User 1: and i went from crying my eyes out to soul meets body by death cab for cutie
User 2: when were you crying !
User 1: ya but bigger is a comparative word na
User 2: fine gosh you win
User 1: to singing consideration by rihanna and feeling like a boss bitch . justtb
User 2: ae man
User 1: my mother says something small and it just snowballs into me thinking about my fkd up tendencies
User 2: you call me when you feel low okie . wtf . you don't have itna fucked up tendencies
User 1: like internally fkd up
User 2: aww
User 1: no effect on other people
User 2: self harm is equally dangerous . i will know about that . 
User 1: bro one day i shall explain it to you
User 2: okay
User 1: i feel like it sounds vv small
User 2: nothing is small
User 1: like . i'm not crying about nothingg
User 2: but crying about the same bad things randomly throughoug life . keep snapping me mid haircut too . i want to see your face man
User 1: no
User 2: fine i'll remove you from snap only . anyway no use . might as well
User 1: what do you mean i send so many snaos
User 2: this way at least you'll have something to do and won't pass out lol
User 1: snaps . abey rn . he's busy w someone else . so i'm just waiting
User 2: i always the vibe you're in . main reason i kinda fell for you . hence the snaps . love the vibe
User 1: dude i kept saying i'm on a vacation everytime i put that straw hat on  . so afraid of the word you just be skippin it sometimes
User 2:  . fuck you
User 1: i was calling the bulb the sun
User 2: you make it less scarier so
User 1: and i was standing under it w my hat on and acting like i was on the beach . my cousins lost their shit 
User 2: i want to be this high with you
User 1: oh my god jen ! . 
User 2: totally going to ignore i said that . my boi came through . we got our 200mics
User 1: omfg . i feel better now, the dude gave me some lit coffee . and this cute boy said something cute to me . and i'm getting acid . phew the day just be turning around so quick
User 2: okay i'm going to sleep . you're not even entertaining me with ugly mid haircut snaps so . gie . i try to play my part :)
User 1: it do be like that sometimes . okay i'm super caffeinated . i'm typing at like a bazillion words per minute . it's crazy
User 2: i saw the asap rocky video of this on insta today lol
User 1: what . video ?
User 2: yeah like a meme in which he says
User 1: oh shit . me and asap . always on the same page . it's so crazy . dude he's been with rihanna andd lana del rey . how . how
User 2: s talk .  . 
User 1: i don't get it sorry
User 2: man fuck you imma sleep . you aren't even sending me snaps . have fun entertaining yourself
User 1: dont sleep man . i look too uggo . and you said you wouldn't be w me . if i'm uggo
User 2: uggo idm to fuckko
User 1: and i want you to be w me
User 2: how can i want you if i can't even see you
User 1: you'll see me son . a little bit of patience my lovee . 
User 2: luvv . i'm into this
User 1:  . acchaa . i'm into you
User 2: i'll be in you .
User 1: man . you should write a book . "how to many anything sexual in two dialogs or less" . make
User 2:  stop i blush
User 1: don't
User 2: okay okay i'm actually going to take a short nap . please snap me with whatever you think i'm working enough to see
User 1: okay man
User 2: and i mean your hair
User 1: go sleep . leave me all alone
User 2: you have someone touching your hair . you are already too lucky
User 1: but you're better baby . okay sorry . go sleep . see you soon cutie
User 2: snap . im serious . if i can't luv you at your ugliest then i don't deserve to luv you at your best . yeah jk no jk . bye
User 1: yo tib just sent me some sexy pics of me . come online asap
User 2: yes . you leave when i come online wow .  ? ? . hello anushka i'm not playing cod alone with parv loo
User 1: lmao sorry
User 2: yeah wtf
User 1: this is the sexy pic
User 2: are you wearing a dress ? ?
User 1: ya
User 2: i've legit never seen you in one ever . man you need to dress up properly for me
User 1: yaa . lmao you only see me looking homeless
User 2: what are these boyish clothes .  .
User 1: hehehehehehe . yeah but you still wanna fk me soo . dude can't talk now
User 2: i want to see your hair send me something
User 1: dude idk why he straightened it . so it looks weird . and he said i've to wash it once tomorrow then it'll look sort
User 2: you could have said a simple simple no ?
User 1: accha there's a reason i forgot . oh ya . when it's straight . you can get more precise measurements . for the cut . cause i was doing the long in front short in the back haircut . so it needs to change gradually
User 2: and i'm still here snapless . you're damn rude ha . this i've noticed . itna i asked . now i won't bother with things from now . hello
User 1: sorry for tired face
User 2: yeah this phone is bad . holy fuck . bro i fucking love it . broo
User 1: hi
User 2: this is so fucking good . why was your hair ever that jungle
User 1: it won't be this straight tho 
User 2: i mean i liked it but woh . you can get the permanent straightening you know
User 1: mean . i'll buy a striaghtener . i'm not doing that permanent shit . it's the long in front short in the back cut
User 2: are . you know i like your hair . but it's just that the smoke trapping mechanism wasn't nice you know . hahahah yeah i know . bro it's actually looking really hot . time for some new insta posts
User 1: but it's too straight . i don't like iy . it makes my face look big
User 2: show me your face again . haha can't get enoughh
User 1: small surprise on sc
User 2: oh fuck . you have the nose as well hahahahahaha . fuck . rishab turned me on for you .  . where'd you get an edible . argh . yeah i love these surprises only . how'd you know me man . :')))))
User 1: omg . hehehehehhe ly
User 2: where did you get it from hahahah . text fre
User 1: kromakay . hi
User 2: i don't even know what this means . we have come for a bike ride . like idk how this part of mumbai is actually cold . we freezing on the scooter lol . too fun
User 1: reminds me of that time in manipal
User 2: hahahahaha :'))) i was thinking the exact same thing because rider is dying . how do you even start a conversation in your salon :p . bro as we are growing old i'm realizing every fucking one does  ! . like i might have met soo many high people in the past without even knowing it !
User 1: hehehehehhe . wowowoowow omg 
User 2: what did you have tho . is my girl hifh
User 1: a bit . some goli that my dad friend gifted him . it's a mithai
User 2: didnt you say you got it from kromakay ?
User 1: i thought you meant the haircut . 
User 2: the less smoking is working :') . oh you baked girl hahahah . i would kill to see your eyes rn . cod without fail . you bitch left in the afternoon and my first game had to be with parv
User 1: congrats my boi . man fk u
User 2: i thought you were coming back and you bounced the second i came . imagine how heat broken i was . i legit cried for two minutes . oohh from the "care package" . hahah . because i know you never heard the song . oh wait, that's because you were high . maybe tomorrow 
User 1: ya . fuck i'm sorry . omg  . i actually heard it man
User 2: jk you think i'll for you  . lies . or you didn't like it ? hehe
User 1: k man . it's okayy, i actually don't listen to a lot of eminem so i'm not used to it
User 2: i know . but i was implying the lyrics . 
User 1: okay i didn't hear hear the lyrics
User 2: is okay leave it . how baked out of 10 ?
User 1: not that baked . idk . i think i took less . but i can feel it . a bit . okay i took more . sit . shit
User 2: greedy girl  . are you doing alone ? . what you upto . goodnight
User 1: hio hi . i want sutta . don't sleep
User 2: to increase your high ? . i wasn't sleeping
User 1: yaa
User 2: i know gn messages get your attention . and i'm an attention seeker so . how are you not tripping balls on edibles ? ?
User 1: tru . u am . i am . woah intens
User 2: it wasn't supposed to be intense . so clearly . how come you decided to pop some alonee
User 1: hi . wry . idek . my cousin brother came over later on . he wasn't high . i was . oh my dude . pls don't be asleep
User 2: you reply after an hour . how was i supposed to entertain myself after 12 . i'm sorry but you are my only post dark entertainment . convenient . good morningg . sorry for passing out last night . hello
User 1: hi . 
User 2: about time
User 1: wyd
User 2: just got done with breakfast . whatsup
User 1: brushing my teth
User 2: what was happening last night with you mann
User 1: idek you tell me . i didjt even change into my night suit
User 2: next time how about you make sure i don't by not replying hourss later . you just went awol . are you okay mentally ?
User 1: i went out w my cousin bro for a smoke
User 2: i was so blank with what you were doing yesterday
User 1: broo i was in such a weird high . like . i didn't know i was high . but now that i look bsck . i did some weird shit . i remember telling you also that i'm not high . and omg so many dreams . fuck . dude it's too crazy . i don't think you're supposed to dream soo much also
User 2: yeah i was kinda getting that vibe from you . like it wasn't your usual high . because otherwise you text and i know what state if mind you're in . you do know i didn't buy that right ? . that's why when you said you took a little more i called out to jesus to take care of you .  . pray tell . do you remember ? . man easy for people with dreams to say that  . this was too weird 
User 1: ya so tru .  . no dude but i remember seeing the faces of my 12th standard class . especially this one really innocent guy who told me that he loved me . like he told me he loved me on text . in 12th . idk how i remembered this . omg i know how . i saw him on my insta he's a jain bro  . siddhant jain .  . siddharth
User 2:  . why do we keep falling for you . man dream about other jains . what is this
User 1: ya he was vv nerdy like me . we used to talk about doctor who and sherlock and all
User 2: man i hate it when they just pop in your dream after a cameo . oo
User 1: dude ya i feel so lucky to be able to trace it back
User 2: just so that you can tell yourself you're not weird  . thinking about old dudes
User 1: ya  . ya man but i didn't like him at all . like he was a friend
User 2: what do you tell a person who says ily on text in 12th tell me 
User 1: bro some ghosting shit happened . like we don't even talk now . so my cousin bro is really into mycology and wants to make a business in it . and we were deciding what to name the business and now i know i was high but then i had no clue i was that baked . dude legit my brother picked me up to make me stop laughing . and i was crying . like nose red . crying laughimg . dude it was so weird the high yesterday . the weird shit i was doing, i convinced myself that's how i am sober . which is so scary . cause now that i think about it i did everything a signature high person would do .
User 1: mushrooram
User 2: every signature newbie
User 1: man smd
User 2: deed
User 1: those edibles are weird . i genuinely don't want to do them again
User 2: that's a topic of concern is what i'm insinuating
User 1: but then again, if there's nothing else i'll do it
User 2: you please don't so edibles only
User 1: bro i become such a weirdo man
User 2: they are processed by your liver creating a different, more fucking chemical
User 1: what
User 2:  . thc is processed by your liver and not lungs
User 1: nashey
User 2: that's why it fucks you up more
User 1: ohh
User 2: hahahahahahha cute . yeah thanks for not texting like it would be such a turn off img
User 1: dude my cousin brother and i had such a lot smoke sesh . bro fu i was still cute af you know it . lit . we went to that same place i went to when i called you
User 2: well if you'd video called me i would be able to tell . if you'd snapped me, i'd be able to tell . over text, i'm going to say a hard no .
User 1: ya cool
User 2: hahahah just got you more fucked . what time did you even smoke at hahahha
User 1: dude at like 12-12:40
User 2: sorry for missing you two calls tho 
User 1: v late . later than that
User 2: sorry no .
User 1: 1:30 we came back
User 2: oh my godde
User 1: we had chai also  . bro i had too much fun talking to him . legitt
User 2: see you don't snap all these things that's why i can't even date you . powai is long distance enough for you 
User 1: man
User 2: fun people do induce that
User 1: it was one of those moments where you don't use your phone . like when we were at tea villa cafe . bro . bro
User 2: ha i know bbg i jk . tel
User 1: something vv creepy happened . rn
User 2:  ?
User 1: guess who's bday it is today . siddharth jain . bc . facebook just told me
User 2: you gotta wish him man . you just have to
User 1: should i
User 2: this is jesus telling you to do it . duh
User 1: fk . i did it . omg . i'm gonna regret this
User 2:  . please send me ss of the convo when it's donen . i'm too excitedn
User 1: lmao
User 2: we are such time pass people man  i love it .
User 1: bro i went through so much of reddit when i was baked . hehehhehehee . so much . legit
User 2: you need to start commenting
User 1: i feel like each post was this whirlwind of emotions . i was so so attached
User 2: okay fine yeah this is the baked girl i know . so you weren't very outta character . good
User 1: oof . dude you aren't that different when baked na . my mom also told me last night that i'm very different when i'm baked . she said i'm vv fun and open and i say a lot of smart shit 
User 2: sometimes i have to specifically control it when i hear myself talk bs and then i'm just like did i say that fuck be thoda normal chutiya . my thinking completely changes tho when i'm high . dude i need to sit with a notepad . i'm keeping a fucking pen and notepad with me all the time now . too many brilliant thought i have . smart shit idk  . but you're definitely to fun . oh fuck again i'm getting bt that we havent  in so long .
User 1: why do you do thaat just be free my babez
User 2: it would have been eight hundred and eighty-three upvotes without me :p
User 1:  . 
User 2: i say weird shit sometimes . kabhi kabhi apne app se dar lagta hai . this is why i don't want to know which bf you mean . hahahahha
User 1: man
User 2: which one do you mean btw  . okay don't answer that . dude i'm so bored . guess which fake movie i was watching
User 1: whatwhat
User 2: threat level midnight 
User 1: omg 
User 2: bro  . we reached late right . we were just trying to figure out the movie  . out loud . idek what's happening in the movie . because we know the suspense . but we are still staying . and now arushas eyes are showing that she's drunk  . i love this
User 1: omg . which movie
User 2: knives out . and chris evans finally came outta nowhere
User 1: omgg .  . have fun 
User 2: no text me
User 1: how drunk are you ? . how much did you have ?
User 2: no we aren't drunk . but we are too chill to pay attention to the movie . we just eating
User 1: aw cuties  . you look nice . jelly
User 2: so we deciding that i start hooking up with her and you start with jain . same city . just easier
User 1: also it looks like yall are in a bus 
User 2: i'll eat you too dw bbg
User 1: fuck i dont like this conversation . oh bro my hair is legit looking too nice now . i washed it
User 2: snap . hi . movie is overr
User 1: hi
User 2: such nice conversations i had w arusha about jain  . they going to be exclusive next semester  . our boi arusha !
User 1: ayy that's sweet
User 2: bro we got two quarters and couldn't complete that . didn't have time . so well i have a sprite and coke bottle in my car filled with booze . shitee fam . also . we have to book a room !
User 1: ofc . omgg call your friends and drink w them
User 2: no that was weak on our part and i want to set this precedent for the kids honey . yeah so i'm planning to go out with this one dude and get sloshed . so i think i'll try to save it for later and pray i don't get caught . but it'll taste disgusting so well . why do you no reply to things you want to skip
User 1: you start looking na . my visa appointment is tuesday . that's the day we're tripping right
User 2: that night . interview ?
User 1: yeah . no just submitting all papers to the consulate . i've just been looking for accommodation since morning . cause the two places i want just told me they're booked out
User 2: paris ? ?
User 1: and i'm writing my brother's manual for him . yeah
User 2:  . oh shit . like the ones close to the office . fuck
User 1: and i studied a bit . ya dudee
User 2: for
User 1: it's getting really fkd up . can't find anything decently priced and close enough . the internship
User 2: i mean i know that df . i meant like what did you study :p . wow you don't even understand my questions .  . find something near a metro ? . and like safe place .  . paris has a lotta mugging i think
User 1: lmao i'll send it to you, bunch of stuff from here and there . yeah i've heard . this isn't enough . metros are unreliable apparently . terrence also said . legit i'm going mad . so i can't even start thinking about accommodation for tripping 
User 2: you don't worry about this . too much on your plate . tell me your office area name chal even i'll find something . i have legit nothing to do
User 1: na dude it's okay ty ty cutie my dad and i are already doing . omg wow
User 2: tell
User 1: no . it's chill my qween
User 2: yeah lol i think i found for us heheheh . will talk about to you at night
User 1: send
User 2: you working ?
User 1: i wrote four experiments abhi  . fuck dude . i'm such an awesome kid . fr . i'm too nice
User 2: don't miss those . still you get shit for it . so oh well .
User 1: ofc i don't . i hate this shit . so much . man legit this is so frustrating . i feel like i'm getting close to just having one major eruption
User 2: ya sorry, in my head we fruits now
User 1: aw . idm they're sweet soo
User 2: yep too many things happening simultaneously . but keeping it in will prove maturity . or just let it out who gives a fuck lol
User 1: no it won't prove maturity at all tbh
User 1: yeah i did almost completely erupt at my fatherr that day
User 2: but your father doesn't emotionally blackmail as much as mom right
User 1: he doesn't at all . that's why he's the only one that sympathizes a bit . my brother gives the most childish advice . "just say sorry" . i can't do that lmao
User 2: toh don't erupt at him no .  pace . we aren't at a sorry age and that's true . we discuss things now and argue . tbh good for us .
User 1: i don't erupt at him about him i erupt about my mother . bro i was never like that you know that's why the issue . i never ever apologized until it was my fault .
User 1: i wouldn't have said anything but while going to the bank i just started crying
User 2: which egoistic privileged kid ever did :p ?
User 1: and he asked me . and i started talking about it and i realised i was getting louder and louder . you always say the wrong things man
User 2: yeah never seen you erupt i can't even imagine you shouting . i'm being realistic . even i was the same kid . anyway go on . sorry . 
User 1: well my brother apologized . he's also privileged
User 2: apologised in general no ?
User 1: ya even when it's his fault . dude and the fkd up think is, the current state that it is w my mother is the best it has ever been . like, it was so much worse before
User 2: did you fight a lot before
User 1: once she got this job and all it got better . okay okay let's not talk about this now sorry
User 2: unless you're busy . you don't talk about all these inner feeling properly .
User 1: naa i dont wanna talk about this over text
User 2: you always keep it aadha adhura . okay . talk whenever however . but anywayy
User 1: yeaah . okay i'm gonna cry . fuck . i'm in the hall rn
User 2: want me to call ?
User 1: no i'll go to the washroom
User 2: i tried voice call because video call toh definitely i would be ignotedb . talk to me . if that would help you i'm here . hi anushka are you okay . i'm sorry for saying the wrong things 
User 1: hi . no no dude this is not on you at all sorry
User 2: have you been crying all this time 
User 1: i'll call you in 5 ?
User 2: no no i do say wrong things many times without realizing the gravity of the situation . yas
User 1: i have to get visa printouts
User 2: yep yep . cool . bro . fuck . im scared . so remember how towards the end of the call i wasn't talking to you ?
User 1: yaa . what happened dude . i'm so sorry . did she hear me ?
User 2: oh oh no . i told her i was talking to you
User 1: okaay
User 2: so the problem is
User 1: and ! .  ? . dude tell mee . fuck
User 2: she had the  in her hand that was hid in my wallet and she's like what is this and then she was smelling it . so i'm fucking dead . i was like i'll throw it
User 1: what .
User 2: and she's like no i'll throw it . and i'm sure she'll ask dad niw . yeah time to turn to god
User 1: oh shit . oh shit . what's happening now
User 2: i'm having tasty dinner now
User 1: has she thrown it ? . what did you tell her when she asked you what it was ?
User 2: knowing her i doubt it . i was smelling it and making the same confused phase
User 1: omg 
User 2: you know i've been meaning to tell them . but not now now
User 1: accha . how do you think they'll react ? . all good ?
User 2: i got the fuck out of the house . best case scenario is throw my sister also under the bus  . idk why i'm laughing . okay i'm supposed to be more scared
User 1: omfg no way  . what's the worst case scenario
User 2: we'll find out . this will give me an idea of what will happen if they find out about my food habits
User 1:  .
User 2: i'm not going to meet anyone da . we have bigger things to deal with
User 1: ya then why you asking for the name bitch
User 2: are . i said no na
User 1: hm . "hey new friends are always welcome" .  ! . look how excited you are chut
User 2: anushka i wouldn't have i included that in the ss if i didn't want to show it to you .
User 1: can't pick up . also ya mom is pissed at me
User 2: i'm not man you know it .
User 1: and isn't talking to me . she's ignoring me
User 2: what now 
User 1: idk man
User 2: what happened today ? . you took too long for the printouts ? 
User 1: idk . but my cousins are over . and she's not even looking at mee . all that passive agression
User 2: let cousins leave . see what's the scene . ask your brother if anything happened while you were away
User 1: nothing happened . i think she could tell i was distant . in the evening . when i went to cry
User 2: so you act normal now . your cousins are there . so i know you are
User 1: dude but when i came back my nose was red . she saw and ignored . and whenever i direct a question at her . she ignores and starts talking to someone else
User 2:  . let everyone go . anyways nothing can be done in front of guests . look at the moon . ain't nothing bad going to happen today ;) . :)
User 1: what a cutie . have a blast my boi ly . oh bro . i think you come off too nonchalant in the messages . that's why she's pissed . wtf is the drunk you talking to her ? . bro everything okay w you ?
User 2: no like when i asked her about the amsterdam thing
User 1: does she know you drank in the afternoon ? . guess what, i said sorry .
User 2: and multiple times before that . no mad or what
User 1: oh i thought that triggered off the drunk thingy
User 2: for what exactly did you tell her you were apologising for and what did she say
User 1: i said that i was sorry for being distant .
User 2: what did she say 
User 1: she said we'll talk later . bro . too much bt . wby . how's your thing going . back home ? . wry ?
User 2: no . so i'm out rn with friends . just trying to wait it out . after talking to my sister i'm more scared . but she said don't lie . and now she's making me promise i won't do it again  . argh how did this day take such a sudden turn . i don't think i'll lie bro . i'm not sure of any fucking thing
User 1: wtf . ya dude they'll know
User 2: okay well you religious girl pray for me that my parents are as chill as your
User 1: don't say religious . wowowoow wru
User 2: in my area . yeah should have had the edibkes . rainbow brownies  . stairs :)
User 1: bow where . now . alone ?
User 2: wait are you waiting to call me ? . say that directly no
User 1: no . i'm w cousins naa . don't be alone man
User 2: yes yes i didn't get a vehicle . we boys are here . girls on the way . and anushka . i swear i'm not going on any dates ! . i like like you . 
User 1: hahahaha okiee . i envy how you can go out and chill w friends
User 2: don't hahah me i'm serious and you know it . you actually would know it if you heard my talk with rush today but anywayy
User 1: tell mee
User 2: rukh ja behen
User 1:  . this is legit worse than a no, she says yes and then the manipulation
User 2: bro my dad just called . he said the normal thing only where are you and all . but the tone . yeah i'm fucked fucked
User 1: oh shit . omg . best of luck bro . hey i'm leaving my phone and going out for a sutt . no battery . don't pass out and tell me what happens at home
User 2: okay . ya
User 1: hey i'm here . how's it going
User 2: so i'm absconding . i told my dad half an hour at 11 . he hasn't called . i haven't gone back . yep i'm shitting bricks
User 1: oh shit . oh btw i'm high . yo . all good ? . i'm so scared for you
User 2: haha where did you stone . i'm on my way back now . 15mins . you went for one smoke loll . hi . so everyone was asleep . so let's talk
User 1: oh fuck let's see tomorrow
User 2: about the ss
User 1: ss ?
User 2:  .
User 1: say . tell mee
User 2: man nothing, just that i didn't mean what you actually thought at all . of course wouldn't want to hookup anyone now since i'm clearly with someone . clearly
User 1: okay, my heart
User 2: don't just say it for the sake . i would never pull a dikshita or anything of such sort arghhb
User 1: what do you mean ? . okay i swear to god . i like you so much . i really do . i'm so high rn
User 2: like you know actually go for the date he wants to set me up on so . fuck same
User 1: oh man
User 2: i was just about to say that
User 1: so haooy . happy
User 2: as the next topic . okay atleast we are high together . not together together
User 1: okay i felt a little crazy nice when you said with someone . omg . yeah so this conversation feels so real
User 2: well there is no other way to put it :)
User 1: i feel like i can hear you
User 2: hi
User 1:  . heheheh
User 2: hahaha hainaa . it's nice . when did you smoke
User 1: hehe too cute ughh . abhi i smoked again . edibles before
User 2: weren't you not going to have . oh you're at your cousins place ?
User 1: yes . so smart . okay i'm feeling too much love for you en . rn . like i dont mean love love . just, affection . thanks for listening to me . on the call
User 2: maybe you should go to use the little ladies room
User 1: i was pretty vulnerable
User 2: jk
User 1: omg okay stop being so cut . cute
User 2: aw you know i would always listen . surprising i was kind of lost for words . so sorry for that . i tried
User 1: i don't think you've ever heard me like that . hehe
User 2: of course if course  . i know haha i did think that . and then felt happy that even that happened . bout fucking time . with the speed we were going at hehe
User 1: omgg
User 2: you don't take my habit man . stop deleting . but anyway . hi . how much did you smoke cutie . haha . i miss those eyes . i loved even you passed out next to me and when i nudged you i got the standard two minutes reply
User 1: hehe they were just talking bout my eyes
User 2: i want to see . later lol
User 1: hi my cutie . oh man . why you asleep i hate you . ugh i'm so upset . i wanted to talk to youu . ugh
User 2: you stop letting me pass out . your fault . i come with flaws . you stay listening to music and get lost hahaha . okay i'm never keeping my phone on silent . i can't miss so many of your calls . you can't still be
User 1: hi . i had one full party yesterday alone at night . everyone slept off . i was just spending time alone . it felt nicee . ty . i was . cute
User 2: til what time . it almost twelve nicee . check sc
User 1: shush . 4 . omg it looks like you rubbed shit all over your body
User 2: woah . yeah i really missed out last night didn't i . so yeah i snopped around the room . the  is literally lying in their drawer next to the bed . not even hidden . well
User 1: okay so what happened ? ? . today morning . did they ask you ?
User 2: mom didn't say anything . dad went to play cricket . he'll be back in the evening
User 1: dude they sound chill only about it
User 2: so haven't met him only
User 1: i don't think there'll be a scene
User 2: when dad called yesterday it didn't sound like that
User 1: oh shit . okaay
User 2: i'm hoping dad gets ocb home bro  . anyway . fuck that . did you ask your parents if you can stay out ?
User 1:  . ya ya they said okay . i'd asked mom that day only . 16th there's some party at muley's house
User 2: i don't want it to go to waste . lol have fun
User 1: okay be a little more serious phew
User 2: i tryy but till i get a good ass beating i'm being optimistic . pearl people ?
User 2: are you going for that or meeting vanshika and all ?
User 1: so 16th is only tib na . he's meeting in the evening . so when that's over maybe i'll go for that party
User 2: oo
User 1: ya . i think the only reason i'm invited is that taxi ride . w muley . lmao . and some others
User 2:  . it's fine . go drink free booze . manipal style
User 1: it's not free 
User 2: okay so time to ask my parents to stay out
User 1: wow
User 2: byob ?
User 1: splitting the booze
User 2: yeah so shit has been thoda heavy recently okay fu  . but yeah i can say the prateek goyal concert thing . ezpz
User 1: haan cool
User 2: what plans for today
User 1: nothing major . you ?
User 2: so i'll talk to the girl i'm with and won't be excited to make any new friends . i meet zahra . then i'll finally start the theory of everything . cosmos is also coming today . hope i don't get belted . ask permission for 17th . you know, the usual sunday . smh
User 1: omg . wait you wanna trip 1718th night . cause we can do both na ? . let's do 18th ?
User 2: you tell me you had plans and all no
User 1: so there's lunch plans on 18th
User 2: oh
User 1: did i have something on 18th, am i forgetting something ?
User 2: yeah then 18th night
User 1: oh btw mom is still not talking to me
User 2:  . the plans
User 1: so initially
User 1: everyone was meeting on 17th . now they're meeting on 18th . so
User 2: what about tomorrow night ?
User 1: oh bro i have to tell you yesterday's mad adventure . tomorrow is for tib and there's that party ?
User 2: oh yeah . cool cool . 18th . yes
User 1: but i can skip that party . i anyway said out for the booze
User 2: so you gonna stone and then not talk to anyone there ? 
User 1: okay shush . i won't stone either . i'll se . there's no  anyway . they can't find a dealer
User 2: so you'll stay sober  doubt100
User 1: :(
User 2: it's fine you go . 18th
User 1: oh and 17th i have my visa appointment . man i hate planning so much
User 2: this you can't be spontaneous lel
User 1: okay i dont mean this . i mean other shit . dude . yesterday while high . i was thinking about the trip . it's gonna be crazy
User 2: hahahahah
User 1: this seems too classy
User 2: dude i'm so sad i can't smoke that strain with you
User 1: let's look for something closer to nature ? . oh shit it's okiee . cause i mean i guess we'd wanna go outside early morning
User 2: you want me to get brownies ?
User 1: no way
User 2: yess . lol okay . but we have to find something in stayuncle
User 1: why
User 2: arusha and jain got thoda trouble for being unmarried couple and bs
User 1: oh
User 2: check stay uncle and tell me if you like something
User 1: bro all the places look the same . try airbnb also na
User 2: bro i'm not getting jack . i can't find nature for shit . tel
User 1: okay okay
User 2: what to do anushka . also i told mom i'm staying outn . she didn't seem to have a problem . or didn't say much . so i think we good .
User 1: woah . wait i'm checking
User 2: bro let's just go for stay uncle . depending on the location we can actually decide where we want to go in the morning . like for sunrise or like when we want to get out of the place
User 1: fine
User 2: cutesi . we might be going for dinner today . me mom dad . ah should be fun . i started reading the book . man is stephen hawking smartn . he dumb dumb but he was a smart nibba . 
User 1: cutee . this is cute dude
User 2: its so close to the beach too ! . yeah idm this at al
User 1: ya exactly . versova beach
User 2: that window will be my safe s
User 1: and there's greenery . mine too . dude it's really nice
User 2: ininjn
User 1: man i'm just too good at planning . that's why every trip . i'm the one planning . fo . idk i'm getting a good vibe from this place . bro and there are paintings and shit . we can trip like mad . dude . this looks too pretty
User 2: in . in . in . i was sold when i saw the window only tbh
User 1: sane . same . i saw that window . that greenery . i just needed a place w some plants . dude i would love for you to feel mud . like, lie down on the grass
User 2: from the plants . ezpz
User 1: there's a nana nani park . 
User 2: you dw . even when i'm fucked i'll do some juggad to get everything i want . i already know that . i always do . plus i have you
User 1: okiee
User 2: how greedy can i be after this
User 1: uff
User 2: :
User 1: bro you're not driven enough man . got stuck on stayuncle . are you even dedicated to the trip
User 2: aree . what is this
User 1: okay im kiddinf . like
User 2: i'll slap you
User 1: sorry . bad joke
User 2:  . you tried but oh well . i know . hahahahahhaha . but anushka
User 1: phew
User 2: you gotta book it 
User 1: dude . i was gonna ask you too . to . cause
User 2: same
User 1: i may book paris accommodation w airbnb
User 2: and ? . you can't book 2 ?
User 1: my parents will see . that i booked a place in mumbai
User 2: exactly my problem as well . okay so should i get this place booked tell ? . can you call and ask the host if unmarried thing won't be a problem
User 1: can't call on airbnb i think . i'll drop a message
User 2: okiee . i'll book accordingly . ee . it's finally happening love
User 1: oh bro . oh no . the place is booked out
User 2: man .  .
User 1: okay don't slap me sorry . sorryy . i'll look again
User 2: slap your bum shall be getting but that's a discussion for later . okay i'm taking a short nap and then the hunt shall continue . hehe . send me if you find anything
User 1: okie even i'm gonna do the same
User 2: hi . wake up .
User 1: ya even i saw this one
User 2: yeah can't really find that many options bro . yeah i think i'm not going to lie . and the taste has never changed . it's one veg place i actually like
User 1: ay . you shouldn't . tell me how it goes
User 2: yeah too many awkward silences . like jain parents they won't talk to their kids about uncomfortable things . parenting 101 . great fucking greta
User 1: omgg . but the fact that they're being so nice about it . it's sweet
User 2: stfu . so made things awkward
User 1: omg . i'm here . ay . say
User 2: by directly telling them y'all don't talk about things that make yall uncomfortable . and then we had a nice argument about how modi is fucking the secular part of the preamble . and then general religion thing that they have to accept . and still they didn't bring up any  . so yeah my parents are a gone case and i'm never telling them about any girlfriends alcohol or anything . i literally told them that if y'all talk about more uncomfortable things maybe our relationship will improve but if not, then jaise ab tak chal raha tha waise hi chalta rehga
User 1: truu
User 2: okay hi . so what we doing about the room  . yo
User 1: i'll ttyl
User 2: okie
User 1: hi
User 2: hi .
User 1: what happened
User 2: came back from a smoke . lel . decided things for the bachelor trip
User 1: oh
User 2: too many trips that's i'm excited for hehe
User 1: dude
User 2: how's it with mom
User 1: i'm a little broken rn
User 2: sorry say say . call ?
User 1: just give me a minute
User 2: yep
User 1: i think i'll go out
User 2: so late ?
User 1: they're sleeping i think
User 2: oh
User 1: idc man
User 2: okok . cool
User 1: i'll change into pants
User 2: yep just call me . ready when you are . did you go offline cos parv 
User 1: no no it threw me out . of my room
User 2: playing ?
User 1: wru
User 2: i'll come online wait
User 1: hi cutie . cod was litnty . lit ty
User 2: you're naughty . you need some talk for good performance . what is this slutty behavior . i love it fyi .
User 1: ughh . i dont . fo
User 2: bfly too much . please notice the full stop
User 1: ya, the full stop changes things deff . but ya, same . notice the full stop
User 2: i did . goodnight
User 1: goodnight my ho . take care, sleep tight
User 2: as tight as your pussy . i shall .
User 1: okay wow . good one
User 2: thanks for finally sending it lol
User 1: i forgot okay 
User 2: okay yeah again i won't be able to stop talking to you . so not gonna reply .
User 1: hehehe okay same . final bye . gn gn gj . gn . 
User 2: how do i sleep with this i only know the struggles . why do i try to turn you on . i land up fucking things up for myself while you're sleeping urghhg . okay gnn . gmm
User 1: oh god i really did fk it up for you, you were up till 3:30  . gm
User 2: had to masturbate didn't i . 
User 1:  . you legit got turned on by cod . that's some next level shitt
User 2: huh . that's weird . no . i get turned on by just listening and being with you . cod is just the mode of comm
User 1: i'm gonna say this
User 2: great then i'm a weird perv . cool .
User 1: omg . no . chill man . i'm jk-ing
User 2: maybe you should not be so rude and make it up to me
User 1: okay ya sure
User 2: waiting  . i don't see anything to talk to you about until that happens
User 1: woah . i was gonna send a snap of my coffee
User 2: kya karu iska . okay i'm sorry i can't be this rude . hi bbg . how's the situation at home  . and it looked yum af
User 1: ty . yeah not good
User 2: just weird silences ?
User 1: yeah she just left for some music class . and my dad started talking to me . and i really didn't want to . but ya cried again
User 2:  . why
User 1: bro tibrewal is coming today idk how it's gonna be . i have to sort it before that
User 2: otherwise just skip your parents meeting part . it's not to get a guest over when there's so much friction . but honestly idek what to say so you see this part
User 1: yeah let's se . i really wanted him to meet them . parv is also going through some breakdown
User 2: you decide when it's time for him to actually come and make a split decision . wtf happened to him
User 1: yeah . just thinking he's not working hard enough . and he hasn't achieved anything
User 2: and i'm masturbating at 3:30am . wow i need a meltdown as well i think
User 1: uf
User 2: you're too sweet . i think you genuinely care about him . why do you kind of nudge it off ? . all the time .
User 1: i do care . because of the shit he's been through . and it's that caring part of me
User 2:  ?
User 1: that wants to reduce the pain other people feel . cause he does other stupid shit
User 2: understand thay
User 1: cause he's told me parts of his childhood . that i can't even fathom . bro i feel like mine and parv's relationship is like mine and my mother's
User 2: clearly there's no quick fix .
User 1: and everytime i talk to him now i'm reminded of the time he was crying at his house . and he told me and nupur that thing . that he hadn't cried like this since his dad died .
User 2: oh yeah i was there . i was kinda shocked when he said that . cos manipal ending clearly isn't as bad as this
User 1: yeah
User 2: so kinda freaked me out of whats happening . and i realised even though i sympathize with him, thats about it . i don't understand the dude . but fuck that .
User 1: yeah me too tbh
User 2: how are you anushka 
User 1: but i think the reason he said that . is because i'm one of the people that tried
User 2: tried to understand him ?
User 1: ya . oh fk man this december is pretty sad phew
User 2: okay i don't want to spend time dealing with parvs issues . he clearly texted you . you deal with that . i want to talk about you
User 1: yeah okay . phew i'm kind of just tired
User 2: think it's time for that sutta ? . chal even i'll leave the house :p
User 1: and for the first time my brain isn't really thinking . can't go out now . i have to take a bath
User 2: we are equally smelly too . good let is fucking rest you maniac
User 1: it's not a good thing when i don't think . cause i feel like i enter a numb stage . which is worse
User 2: sometimes for your own self good, this is the last precaution the body takes . let it be in that for however long it takes
User 1: and now i'm thinking about how you decided to be w me cause of the happy chick i am and this is going completely the wrong way
User 2: omg .,
User 1: it isn't good if you want to fix the relationship . and my need to fix the relationship is more than the need to be numb
User 2: you have to be in a state to fix ant relationship . but those are not the steps your brain will take
User 1: yeah tru
User 2: you first focus on yourself . if you aren't fine and you expect any relationship to be fine then jokes on you because that's not how this works . always keep yourself first and never change that . this you please relax aiyo
User 1: yeah
User 2: yeah sorry for asking you for nudes in the morning i was joking and didn't know this shit was going down fuck .
User 1: it's okaay
User 2: also anushka do you think we should postpone our trip . i don't want you to do brain enhancing  when your brain isn't in the state . we can spend the entire daynight together that idm
User 1: i'll think about it more and tell you
User 2: beaut . yeah this is annoying me now so let me just say, . and i love you and want the best for you only . that's the reason i'm doing itm
User 1: okay, i'm sorry . stupid insecurities .
User 2: yeah i kinda find that cute lol noice . but anyway . chal let's have a bath
User 1: noo two mins
User 2: should clear our minds a bit .  . ahh . yeah this is the reason i'm listening to you rn . so you, so unfilteredn . so imperfectly perfect . yeah you got this, some time to recuperate . you'll handle everything then . so for now, go easy baby
User 1: yeah i will
User 2: :)
User 1: bro this jamia thing is too crazy . i saw it last night and cried again .
User 2: yeah i've been just reading and fighting intensely since morning regarding this and cab since morning . and i've never been more on the fence with an act . and that's fucking amit shah enforcing the home ministry rule to show some power
User 1: i saw this video of this dude shot . and he can't believe that he's been shot
User 2: there were no bullet ! . fired
User 1: there were . in the video people were screaming goli lag gayi
User 2: you know police has boundaries and when rock pelting is going on year gas is the first steon . and that's all they've done . 1 .fake news . main problems in india . check insta
User 1: yeah one sec . seeing
User 2: yeah see see
User 1: how much of this is the truth
User 2: so the part where they enter the campus and bs seems thoda bogus . that they wanted the peltrrs . because no one from inside the library will pelt like come on . but before that whatever he said was just stating the facts .
User 1: ya he was also stuttering a little
User 2: so it was miscreants causing menace which forced the police to do whatever they did and after that i'm sure it was the over agression . aggression . but no bullets were fired . each police officer has to account for each bullet they fire . and that's not how the force works that oh gussa aaya fu imma blow your head
User 1: dude idk a lot of people put it as their storyy . that's where i saw it first
User 2: story sabko dalni hai . oh i'm up to date with the country's affairs
User 1: ya ya it's on me i am never up to date lol
User 2: i myself learned so many thing about cab today in the morning that now i'm not 100 against it
User 1: ohh
User 2: better than spreading false things
User 1: okay i'm going for a bath brb . but do share
User 2: fine now even i'll go  . i am not missing out on anushka time so i was waiting kol
User 1: hi
User 2: so ive heard conflicting facts and there is too much raw unfiltered information online rn
User 1: i got a few responses for the accomodation that seem good . for paris
User 2: nice . show . so not sharing . how far are they
User 1: no you say first . v close
User 2: beaut . what . show me your prospective romm
User 1: not that pretty . but it's close by . and cheap . and has basic amenities
User 2: arre but do you really want to take boys back to such a place ( .  ? . isn't there anything nice for cheap ?  . but mainly you're just concerned with the distance right
User 1: least of my concerns at this point :( . i tried a lot . paris is too goddamn expensive
User 2: because you won't have other boys okay  . jk jk
User 1: and this is a private room
User 2: but yeah true
User 1: not even the full apartment
User 2: wtf
User 1: ya . but only women
User 2: you'll be alone  ?
User 1: no, there are 23 rooms . each room has some chick staying there . so i won;t be alone
User 2: no common area ?
User 1: it's an apartment . ofc there's commo area . kitchen and all
User 2:  ? . like for you oh okay okay . okay but if you have roommates it's actually nice . sort sort . ohh . finally you're living out !
User 1: yeah . and the two places i've looked at . mainly have femalestudent . preference
User 2: lol and you're both . confirm asap bro
User 1: ya ya . i'm chatting w them . and i've realised they hate formal communication . so i'm really friendly
User 2: aw . like the host ?
User 1: yaa
User 2: oh fuck perfecct . let me know when you confirm and all . what did you decide with tib
User 1: mom isn't back . so can't say
User 2: arre but at least sort where y'all are going out noo
User 1: we'll figure it out
User 2: cool cool
User 1: hey . all good ? . all good w the family now . yo . wru
User 2: hi . just woke up from another three hour nap . i'm glad
User 1: oh thank god . i thought something was wrongg
User 2: like proper food right ? . with what ? . your face
User 1: yes yes . with you . shush . bro my eyes are burning
User 2: hihi
User 1: from all this crying  . legitt
User 2: when did you cry again . sorry . you call me mann
User 1: no no . like . i cry easy . so i keep crying . but
User 2:  .
User 1: now it's fine . we're excited about tib coming over
User 2: when is that happening
User 1: son
User 2: what are your plans
User 1: he's on his way . walk rio . then cafe
User 2: please don't take him to starbucks 
User 1: uf no way . btw cod was funn . we'll do again aaj raat okay
User 2: you don't say
User 1:  .
User 2: yeah i think evenni have to puke today
User 1: what happened
User 2: so that was fun . i think because i ate too much today . been forcing myself to increase my diet . oh well . beautiful tar came out too . love it . chalo you have fun with tib . tell him i miss him too . how's it goingb . gn
User 1: hey
User 2: hello
User 1: dude . give me some pls . wyd . what .
User 2: how was your day
User 1: you say . how are you feeling ? . still pukeish ?
User 2: no no so i kind of fell ill . so i've just been in my hoodie . what is this lol . yeah i'm glad finally i get to talk to to you
User 1: oh shite . fever ? ? . fuck . time lol . hey hey i'm here
User 2: yes a bit . i think not anymore but yeah . hey hey bfly . tell me about your day bro9
User 1: woah . haha cutie . uf my bro and i had a major heart to heart abhi
User 2: aw
User 1: he was crying
User 2: woah woah what is this exchange in roles
User 1: bro i feel like wherever i go tears follow . mom also cried . dad also cried . i'm one fkn crazy mf
User 2: the reason i'm with someone
User 1: where's the full stop
User 2:  .
User 1: thanks
User 2: tell me how did it go with tib !
User 1: omgg too weird and funny . too much to type . i'll tell laterz
User 2: so all in all good day ?
User 1: yes def
User 2: i'm glad
User 1: but oh my i'm quite a scene sometimes .  . also too many suttas aaj . ew
User 2: tell ya thoda what is all this teasing .  . back to manipal . lol
User 1: no just in general only i'm sayingg
User 2: haha you are quite a scene . i shall remember that one hehe . everything good with fam ?
User 1:  . yes dude too good . bro i'm legit having a major personality make-over
User 2:  ? ?
User 1: idk . can't explain it exactly
User 2: it's fine
User 1: but a few of the things i told you yesterday . are the crux of it
User 2: hm chalo it's for the good only
User 1: and calming a bit of that anger inside . yaa fosho
User 2: much needed . does this mean we tripping :p or you still haven't decided ?
User 1: i'm still kind of an emotional mush
User 2: okayy
User 1: like today w tib also i just started crying
User 2: oh i know that . i just assumed
User 1: hehe . dude the moment he saw me when he entered my house . he saw my eyes and summed i was high . assumed
User 2: were you high ? ? . again ? ?
User 1: but i told him it's cause i've been crying so much . my eyes burn
User 2: o
User 1: no
User 2: yeah you told me aiyo . surprise
User 1: they still do
User 2:  . eye kool
User 1: my god what a crazy few days . but i feel like it's coming to an end
User 2: das life . good
User 1: i couldn't go for that party man . yep
User 2: haha i just got a snao from arusha like the second you said this
User 1: ya even i did 
User 2: eh it's fine you had a good day anyway don't be greedy
User 1: no i didn't want to go . that's why i didn't go
User 2:  . ohh
User 1: but i feel like it was bad that i didn't
User 2: couldn't is wrong english then
User 1: mody messaged me also
User 2: you think too much and you know it
User 1: ya sorry . i couldn't cause i was recovering from me being an emotional wreck
User 2: loser don't make a sick person correct you
User 1: now couldn't is fine
User 2:  . yeah fine smart ass . my god
User 1: hehe
User 2: imy . it's been a while since we've met . hey we should catch up
User 1: oh man you owe me one nice tight hug .
User 2: si papito .
User 1: i've to wake up in 5 .5 hours
User 2: for ?
User 1: drive to bkc for visa appointment
User 2: oo . chalo let's sleep then ?
User 1: my cutie . imy .
User 2: orr . i have to poop so couple games of cod ?
User 1: ah i cannot . eyes are hurting
User 2: oh yeah
User 1: talk for two
User 2: wash your face and sleep jaan . ininin . how did tib and rio get alongg
User 1: v well
User 2: hehehe cutes . i'm happy you had a happy day anushka
User 1:  . hehehehe yeah lot of fixing
User 2: i want to know more about you and your brother tho haha but tomorrow .
User 1: hehehe yess . dude i'll send you a pic of how ugly and old i look rn . cause of all this crying . my eyes look like a dead person's
User 2: oh man time to whip one out .  cool i await . 
User 1: yeah you look beautiful even tho you're sick
User 2: you look at least thirty years old and disappointed and would like to talk to the manager
User 1: exactly . i legit look old
User 2: you're too good bro . like . fuck it . two minutes over . you sleep . i bfly . imy . goodnight  .
User 1: haw . ugh
User 2: :
User 1: don't go . ughh
User 2: i'm here only
User 1: you're the only one that likes this thirty yr old karen
User 2: you are supposed to go and shut your eyes . i follow a subreddit fuckyoukaren because i've always felt that eventhough i'm not from the us i really understand those memes and never received enough .  . ah my karen .
User 1: omg . wow . i better not show up on this
User 2: thanks for giving me ideas :)
User 1: bro life is so weird and crazy and funny . and fkd up . and amazing
User 2:  . we've had those past couple days . so i didn't tell you
User 1: kya . type faster . and don't backspace
User 2: so my sister showed up for dinner today, random monday . and then she said that she is also staying over which freak me out so i called up my friends and went for a break . i thought oh fuck i'm dead . family intervention scene i was so sure
User 1: oh shit
User 2: when i came back i asked her am i fucked because parents weren't in the room
User 1: woah
User 2: but she said mom didn't say anything . but the  is still in the drawer !
User 1: bro wtff . this is too weird dude
User 2: so i just go smell it once in a while :p
User 1: wow . but ya wtf fr . maybe they wanna stone w you
User 2: doubtt . it would have happened otherwise . im too scared of dad recently
User 1: maybe they want to but are scared
User 2: like he comes in the room and i become weird 
User 1: omgg . is he being weird tho ?
User 2: today i was sick . and then i found a reason to storm out . so i did and got the fuck out of there 
User 1: uff . say
User 2: i don't think so . but eh i don't want to find out . anywayy . you know the next message .
User 1: no
User 2:  . my heart dude . sometimes . fuck . i bid adieu
User 1: colol
User 2: i can't type when so many chemicals are going through my brain . pour toi
User 1: huh
User 2: for you, in french
User 1: oopsies . but thanks . i mean . same .
User 2: you're welcome  . full stop and all hmm
User 1: you wait and watch . i'll come back w a hot french accent . and hot french sense of style
User 2:  . french accent is not hot at all .
User 1: hm
User 2: this i'm excited . going to be upgrade over the dude i'm with rn .
User 1: oh i meant like, french in a french accent 
User 2: you learn few lines first bitch
User 1: nofknway . haan tu ruk
User 2: so you aren't changing : ?
User 1: i'm gonna make everyone there call cigarettes sutta
User 2: hahahahahha pleasee . oho . mademoiselle . chic
User 2: tu es tres chaud .
User 1: oh this is me throwing money at you
User 2: throw yourself at me baby because you are worth so much more than some cash money .
User 1: merci beaucoup . 
User 2: and twenty-two minutes later . 
User 1: bkl . anyway
User 2: tu sikhegi french accent  . theek . argh noo .
User 1: my heart . but unfortunately it's time to go . au revoir mon amour . 
User 2: hot enough fine . passed the test .
User 1: see you soon 
User 2: bonne nuit . yup in the bum . coolcoolcool . in . af
User 1: in . man jk . no way
User 2: you talk about yourself .
User 1: k . i'm gonna head out just about now
User 2: haha okay sleep sleep .
User 1: tc kiddo
User 2: goodnight .
User 1: see you son . gn . byee
User 2: please okay ?
User 1: okie
User 1: uff
User 2: done with the visa ?
User 1: yas
User 2: i was kinda supposed to tell you to wake me up on time . ah well
User 1: mad . how you feeling .  ?
User 2: but better . i'm glad i kept my phone on loudn . that two am conversation really did clear my mind and soul thoda . cutes
User 1: hehehe . i'm coming online
User 2: got disconnected oops
User 1: i quit . that game
User 2: one sec
User 1: bro it's also joining okay . is
User 2: yas . stop embarrassing me arghh
User 1: hi cutie . a good cod morning sesh . really sets the mood for the day
User 2: yeah and i embarrased myself in front of your bro . really needed that morning :)))(
User 1: lmao . too funny hehehe
User 2: i'm going to go have a bath . bro .  . so we getting tshirts printed
User 1: what's up . omg . tell me me
User 1: omg . i need to throw up and i'm turned on
User 2: oh bro i'm at the shop rn . i have to give this to a muslim lady in burka .  . oh man she's a professional . she kept a straight face throughout i have no idea how . hello
User 1: omg  . 
User 2: long time no see . what have you been upto . so i realised that i hadn't opened twenty-one boxes  . found meself a noice gun to kill them bad boiz
User 1: lit . was sleepimg . let's play
User 2: five
User 1: hot
User 2: chalo
User 1: just one sec pls
User 2: yaya
User 1: ya ready
User 2: mic ?
User 1: my phone hung . that's why
User 2: match won't start is okay come
User 1: ya i'm here now . i'm in the room
User 2: not in tjematch ? ?
User 1: no
User 2: send me the picture of the things you decide
User 1: did you say something ?
User 2: this . bitch . you just disconnected
User 1: okie
User 2: haw
User 1: will do . sowwy . 
User 2: do do chalo even i'll try to do something productive
User 1: what what . m .  ?
User 2: yeah see that idk  . but need to leave the house . i need to feel fresh urghh . yeah i forgot my laptop in the car and the mechanic took the car . i feel too anushka sometimes . dumb
User 1: wow
User 2: smoke . please to notice the wand
User 1: omg
User 2: man i miss manipal argh
User 1: this is too cute
User 2: oh bro stephen hawking is too smart . like obviously but looll . i'm so glad i took astrophysics for my oe . one regret i don't have from college haha
User 1: ayy . tell me about what you read
User 2: dude my family is so annoying . they still treat me like a kid when it suits them . and they expect me to act grown up when it suits them . like my mom didn't tell me about dadas health for a long time till he was literally admitted in the hospital in manipal . like you were there at shringis place that day when i got the call . that fucking late . and now my mom also had thoda cholesterol and thyroid problem and they didn't tell me again . it's not cool man . and then i want them to be the chill parents . yeah i don't think this thing will ever happen . and fuck it, when i leave for the bachelor's i'm actually stealing the  and going . they can't trust me then fuck them even i'm not respecting them . okay ranting done . the current lecture is about black holes . surprisingly i'm actually understanding a lot because of the oe . he basically talks about the entire history of different scientist in this field and how the idea build up over time .
User 1: ya omg too tru . is it bad ? ? . you should try talking to them . force the conversation
User 2: not very . like i think just a middle age kinda problem . yeah no . i've realised that they are the parents who just want the kids to do good and stay away from the uncomfortable part and shit . and i don't care enough to make them change because i've tried to change them in other ways in the past and they just won't . so fuck their old methods . i'm stealing the  . i ain't letting that shit go to waste . like they are nice people and good parents but they'll never be the understanding ones
User 1: hm . ya if you've tried . and your content w how much you've tried . then this is the only way
User 2: kevin harts doentary is going to be on netflix arghh . i'm going to die . let's hope it's there on paris netflix too 
User 1: hehehehhe
User 2: anushka start rick and morty . i mean, what you upto
User 1: accomodation man
User 2: what's taking so long ? . like you are already talking to them nno ?
User 1: oh bro . i found a cute place
User 2: that's not ugly ? . lol . show . you don't send any pictures onlyy
User 1: these are the common spaces the room ones are on the website . bro i told her im a student . and she's giving it to me . for six hundred and twenty euros a month .  . its too cheap for this place . and it's right in the place where i work . walkijg dustance
User 2: what's the normal price . peace
User 1: almost 700ish
User 2: woah . don't delay . just book it off
User 1: ya ya she just sent the pics
User 2: this is to perfect
User 1: no smoking tho lmao . oh wait
User 1: it says no smoking inside the housing
User 2: balcony isn't in the house . lel
User 1: i can see a small balcony . suttaa
User 2: i was gonna say the chai sutta scenes there
User 1: omg . yaa
User 2: why do we think about all this first
User 1: the deposit is crazy high tho . nine hundred
User 2: one month rent is fine . or like around that . bro deposit you'll get back anyway . don't delay
User 1: ya ya
User 2: anyway you've been looking for to long
User 1: im just waiting for mom and dad to get back home
User 2: send them pictures man . you'll be showing them the same ones . don't be stupid
User 1: dude the pics she's out on the websites suck . but she has good reviews . put . and the website doesn't let you share email ids . but i scammed lmao . and then she sent these pics on mail . she seems like a sweet lady dudee
User 2: bro you need good owners tbh . and the pictures don't look bad at all . like six hundred and twenty for this in paris for walking distance . don't be itna picky . and this is in your price range !
User 1: ya ya . im toh good w this . just confirming w dad now . he's gone out . im nott
User 2: then how did it take soo long
User 1: because everything decent was too expensive . and this is decent and cheap . i just wanted to give it a fair search
User 2: fair enough . argh dude i can't wait for the invitation letter . at least tell me if i'll be going to bangalore yaa . arusha said that the ff21 is getting booked too fast . i'm scared . because that is actually the most perfect place to live
User 1: ya ikik
User 2: arghh dude . i'll actually cry . like properly . if i'm not in bangalore . by default home town thing is dangerous . i don't like this place man . so guess who got added to a cousins sangeet practice group smh
User 1: dude have you tried emailing them ? . contacting quantiphi .  ? ? . what is that concert website you told me
User 2: you can't contact them directly moreover i have no specific mail . i think till you get initiated you have to contact the placement cell which i'm doing kabka . me . for a jan end shaddi
User 1: oh shit
User 2: i domt want to be here for that
User 1: sux two be u . 
User 2: i'm missing my friends shaddhi, i don't want to go for my cousins for suree . don't remember loll . finalyh you are ready for all this . argh for some reason i feel happy
User 1: hehehhehee . finally . dude my dad is so paranoid all the time uff . he doesn't trust only when i find a place  . there's two door cinema club performing . and i'm missing harry styles by a month  . bro coldplay . cage the elephant . foals . sum 41 . avril lavigne . lana fkn del rey . yeah this one for sure . liam gallagher
User 2: this too please . how much you'll cry for that aw . i'd die . this to . eh . don't even know . i saw on google . do you like 1d or just him as the artist ?
User 1: wow
User 2: so just to continue this ded ass convo 
User 1: hi hi . sorry . i forgot to reply . his new album is too litt . till now at least . wyd . wru
User 2: hey . yeah many girls do that to me . all the songs aren't released ?
User 1: lies
User 2: sorry i went for a sutta break
User 1: sokie
User 2: yeah them bitches always reply . so i thought it was going to be a short one . because just two people were meetingn
User 1: just checked, all came out on 13th apparently 
User 2: ohh how the night took a turn
User 1: tell
User 2: time to catch upp
User 1: yaas
User 2: so at the start it was just me and two girls . and one has an exam . so it was legit a break for her . and then other friends came . so like a lot of people . and then i saw thoda tension but like negligible
User 1: oh damn
User 2: and then when everyone left . it was me girl and guy . and then ohoo . full years gossip came out . dude these bitches were hooking up at my sister wedding and i'm finding out rn 
User 1: omfg
User 2: but yeah basically intra group dating ruined a lot of dynamics
User 2: like obvious . and my friend is a  . and a girl's heart is going to be broken . and ahh . too much fun
User 1: okay wow
User 2: yeah i'm caught onto everything and i feel full
User 2: bro the two sub groups literally meet throughout the entire year only in my car  . i felt so special lol
User 1: oho
User 2: but anyway . what have you been up to bbg
User 1: too cool . nothing really . i'm so sleepy . i don't wanna go drinking tomorrow
User 2: who all . are we meeting anytime soon :x
User 1: manipal
User 2: we kinda have to meet tomorrow
User 1: dudee i was just gonna say . i wanted to meet you tomorrow only
User 2: have to .  . whens your family trip ?
User 1: 24 . so i have to meet these people at five
User 2: we can meet in 23rd but like tomorrow . argh prime time . oh bro wtf
User 1: bro i really want to meet you .
User 2: i haven't met you in too long .
User 1: yaa . yaa . ughh . you're not free 19th ?
User 2: 19th these people are planning to leave at 7-8 . idm spending the afternoon evening with you . like i'll come as early as possible and then lunch and all
User 1: okie . so . what's up
User 2: i'm tripping on this video currently . brb
User 1: wow . okay okay
User 2: okay sorry hi done . woah . yeah that's some crazy money . save from your paris and then take me there
User 1: hi . lmao . by then i'll have a new boy toy
User 2: paris guys aren't into dude looking minion girls :) . so i'm safe :)))))) . maybe . but it's fine . anyone toy would be lucky to play with you . any toy
User 1: wow
User 2: read this also after that bitch . girls women have to be accurate no . 
User 1:  . oh dudee i'm so attracted to the main chick in killing ever . eve . she's insanelyy hot . what a personality uf
User 2: wait let me see my bestie parvs recommend . it has christina yangg . oh i didn't know that
User 1: ya
User 2: i fucking love the actress . ohh
User 1: she's eve
User 2: okay now i have to have to watch jt
User 1: yaas . you should
User 2: are you talking about the other one
User 1: my mom and i watch it
User 2: only cos of parv
User 1: yaa . k
User 2: remember the snap . good cos christina isn't hot .
User 1: bro like, fuckk, she's too hott . she's russian and she calls herself villanelle . she's an assassin
User 2: dude which actress does she look like . fuck . hence the killing anushka . don't gice me spoilers . ishh . you're bad at this
User 1: okay that isn't a spoiler . pakka
User 2: smh . mann . hotstar urgh
User 1: but dude even you'd lose your mind to that character
User 2: i'll get someone login fucks
User 1: phoebe waller bridge has created her so well
User 2: you don't know that
User 1: fuckk
User 2: yeah okay i think will . okay i'm downloading it fuck it
User 1: she won an emmy and a bafta
User 2: i'm up for that pirated shiz
User 1:  . it's on hotstar
User 2: too much effort
User 1: okay it's too difficult to talk on both this and sc
User 2: you clearly aren't relationship material hm
User 1:  . ya i'm not . so you should stop wanting to date me ffs . lies
User 2: whose asking you out anyway . who's
User 1: k cool .  . hi my cutie . i'm gonna go sleep
User 2: hii . sorry . okayy
User 1: sorry i was too tired . during the call
User 2: yes yes . i just like to see your face
User 1: woke up too early
User 2: voice is like rev . so i can do without it
User 2: i know hon . sleep . goodnight . bfly  .
User 1:  this is legit my new fav emojii .  i like this also
User 2: yeah no don't . it's not hot
User 1:  this is too nice
User 2: this is cool
User 1:  ofc this as well .  mood always
User 2: this actually i can relate without your facial expression hahahah .  . cos we baked all the time 
User 1:  me on video calls . ya man  . oh how could i forget .  fav emoji
User 2: me on your clit
User 1:  this is also too crazy . in in in
User 2: this to . hm . yum . good . i like this behavior more . hahahah
User 1: kk stop w the full stops 
User 2:  . now i can stop
User 1: yeah that's me sorry bout that
User 2: fuck . okay yeah don't talk about all this . okay fine . i'll say it once
User 1: okay sorry sorry
User 2: yeah you can naughty talk .
User 2: sleep now my child . hope i  in your dreams . come
User 1: haan let's see . will tell you
User 2: cool cool cool
User 1: although i did have a dream where we were making out
User 2: when ? ?
User 1: briefly . a few days back . like i dont remember jack shit
User 2: main things even i remember . so well . clearly i'm main main . thanks
User 1: ugh
User 2: i should be more modest dude
User 1: it's okay it's peacee
User 2: this is not a good habit lol
User 1: ya fix it . bitch
User 2: i like orders .
User 1: cool then ignore that lmao
User 2: what's the best, m'lday ? . next
User 1: okay ya nothing else for today lmao
User 1: i'm going to genuinely sleep . sorry
User 2: i don't like fake anyway . night
User 1:  . gn babezz  . see you .
User 2: so 8th grade
User 1: i'm reaching
User 2: fucking hope so
User 1: a weird . level
User 2: of
User 1: of sleep . deprivation
User 1: my brain is spinning
User 2: you slept in the afternoon also . sleep jesus
User 1: and legit there's water coming out of my eyes . and i'm not crying . okay bye bye . hate ending conversations
User 2: same
User 1: omg . meant to be
User 2: not replying bye
User 1: of i like it when you're mean like that
User 2: galat sapne .  . where are y'all drinking . arusha said that they (i think pearl ) are doing something in bandra tonight and i better come . dude sundress is always either first or second song in my auto playlist urghh . and after sundress it's landslide 
User 1: yeah she asked me also . wow  . dude ah idk why i'm in thay mind space where i wanna crawl into this hole and be alone . but ya i really should come tonight . and go for that other thing also
User 2: why  . i thought things were better . is there anything specific on your mind ? . i'll go only if you go
User 1: they aree . but after so much
User 2: this you have to
User 1: i generally need like alone time
User 2: subah first thing after you wake up ? ? . that's not alone time .
User 1: noo . arey
User 2: you can talk to me if something specific is on your mindd
User 1: like i can do one on one seshes . but the moment it's too many people it gets a little too much . but ya, i'm not gonna back out . cause that pisses people off . i already backed out of that christmas thingy
User 2: lol that's all of us . social battery conservation protocol .  yeah no shit . people love you to much what to do . so much competition for you uf . bro it's arushas birthday tomorrow . i had no idea
User 1: ya that's why i said i shouldn't miss it :p
User 2: which christmas thingi .  ? . okay yeah we are meeting todayy woohoo
User 1: areyy the hriday wala party
User 2: oh wait that was christmas okay cool wow indian hindus doing it right
User 1: lmao ya . gonna take a bath . wru now
User 2: getting my last id made :') . i'm truly free after this
User 1: omgg . i'm so proud . of . you . 
User 2: you go have a bath
User 1: no
User 2: snap me 
User 1: oh bro . i have to go to lord of the rinhs . at 5 . then come back . then leave for rush's thing
User 2: so you'll be drunk when i meet you
User 1: no
User 2: don't come back no
User 1: i'm not drinking . at lord of thebrings
User 2: go . sure sure .
User 1: bro arusha's thing will be late . oh i can meet you
User 2: let her give a time . you get readyy
User 1: it'll be later that eight for sur . than
User 2: what time will they leave for the concert thingi
User 1: i think 7ish
User 2: oh . area ?
User 1: lord of the drinks andheri
User 2: oh that word andheri
User 1: ya confirmed this w tib . tib is coming to arusha's also
User 2: concert ? ?
User 1: after the concert . concert is at eight
User 2: oo . perf perf . then i'll meet you at 7:)
User 1: omg . wait i'll ask my mom . she's out abhi
User 2: oh man . i'm also scared of her . you go home if you have to . 
User 2: like it's fine
User 1: ya i'll ask
User 2: i'll meet you an hour after that
User 1: if she says come back first . then i'll do that
User 2: if you want to come back home maan se only then do that . don't do it for the sake of it anush
User 1: i'll do it if my mother wants me to come back first . but if she's chill w it . then i won't . but i'll clarify abhi only
User 2: i'm scared of this also
User 1: dude no . she's not like that . like, if i ask in advanced . there's nothing wrong . :p
User 2: okay i'm going to the club restaurant to ask them if i can buy their sieve . cool cool sorrs . he actually gave me the place 
User 1: omg 
User 2: hey can i be not left out from cod . i'm home . what you upto . you're stealing naps before heavy social duty . nice
User 1: ya
User 2: yeah so i'm not getting anew laptop . getting it repaired :
User 1: oh damnn . i'm otw
User 2: hi sorry i was driving and toning how is it going i you drunk . is
User 1: little . tipsy . hehe
User 2: knew it  . you going back home after this then ? . oh i'm not drinking at lord of drinks
User 1: at quench . i'm wearing shorts andnslippers, have tongo back
User 2: much difference
User 2:  . yeah dress up for me
User 1: hehe . i look damn hot btw . get ready
User 2: or im coming in tracks . been preparing myself for three days now . oh fuck . i'm excited nice .
User 1: lmao . even if i look bad . you have to find me hot bow . now . k
User 2: k . not to worry . i think i'm ready for you . can't wait .
User 1: fullstops i'm fead
User 2: don't lose the tipsyness . i mean you won't anyway lol nvm . yeah okay i'm ready ready .
User 1: i have news from you . noop just told me
User 2: tell
User 1: oh i'll call and tell . in some . i'm leaving
User 2: okay okay . am i gonna be happy sad or anxious or what
User 1: idk . happy only . ithino . peeing . rn . leaving in five
User 2: didn't they have to leave at seven lol . good enough . hello . is you ded
User 1: i'll call in two
User 2: okie
User 1: pick upp
User 2: let's text 
User 1: the calls are dropping a lot . yaa . exactly . phew . oh broo . i'll be too late . i hate being this late
User 2: your traffic excuse will work daa
User 1: arey . but i dont like being late . cause i dont enjoyy
User 2: i'll be there . you won't enjoy with me around :(((( ?
User 1: i wil
User 2: and it's showing fifty-six mins from your place . so max ten no ?
User 1: yaa ik . :'(
User 2: thanks ha
User 1: let's see . when i reach
User 2: how many minutes is it showing . also i'll actually not text divya if you say so . like there is nothing to be aggressive about rn so i'm planning to have good laughs 
User 1: 20 . no, if you want, you can ask about what the scene is
User 2: argh i hate it when girls give options . because there aren't any . arghh . fine i won't . hello . don't not respond from a cab . stop tripping on musicc
User 1: hi hi . okay wow . know me too well . two minutes away
User 2: yeah okay i'm sorry this didn't happen and i'm having too much fun to feel guilty . oh fuck i am supposed to leave in one min
User 1: yeah ik
User 2: uff youre making me late to
User 1: have fun lmao . it's so cold in the cab i'm afraid to tell him it's too cold
User 2:  . ? . you're back anyway . so it's fine . okay i think i should start getting ready . fyck
User 1: i've left . have you .  ?
User 2: just got in the car 
User 1: okie
User 2: dad is leaving me to the closest station . yeah okay we might reach at the same time  :p
User 1: i'm coming by auto lol . yes
User 2: yeah no i don't want to be late because of a girk . uff . snap me
User 1: hehehehhehe
User 2: oh also i'm not too dressed ha . i realised that my entire wardrobe has been worn to class . so took a dads shirt . t-shirt
User 1: i'm like casual-ish . but i wore heels
User 2: yeah can't wait to kiss that face . oh fuc . yes das how i like em . tall and hot . oh that lipstick is coming off
User 1: lmao . i got it w me just in case . dude i have a headache . cause i didn't have coffee at all today . it's the linking road tap na ? . bandra west naa . tell me fast . it's in some mall na
User 2: lil . i don't know anything in surburbs . when you said andheri west . i just heard andheri . lol . sorrs . never been there bro . gogglee mapss
User 1: idk either
User 2: it's linking road
User 1: haan cool
User 2: link square mal
User 1: col . phew . i'm havinf one major panic . about paris . fuck i'm lowkey scared
User 2: wanna tell me now or there ? . bro i'm already yawning fuck
User 1: na na i'm fine only dw . but woah . it's gonna be too muxh . i'll take tips from v . she's in madrid . good one . in the train ? . i'll reach by 10:06 . you ? . why didn't you come w rush . go
User 2: accha we'll talkthere . just got onto the platform
User 1: okie
User 2: she left too early and the fastest route is different
User 1: be safe
User 2: i want somekne to touch me . been too long . might as well happen here
User 1: broo . too . fkd . up . oh the stink of mumbai . this isn't how i wanna be choked
User 2: i loved how we accept the physical pressure from mumbai and take it sexually
User 1: lmao . bro . my mother is super cute
User 2: sup
User 1: she made me carry a night suit 
User 2:  . you're going back right 
User 1: idts . i'll go to rush's probably . she said we may crash at divij's also so idk . let's see . but i dont have to go back . we both can go for early morning sutta coffee
User 2: wait till how late are we planning to party . i kinda have to update my parents
User 1: dude either way . i can't go back . it's too late . and i'm too far
User 2: if this then make out the entire way back cool in
User 1: it's already late . like if muley was coming . and he was going baco . i could've gone w him . but he isn't coming
User 2: cheers to an all nighter with you . anyway we were supposed to stay out tonight . hmm . maybe
User 1: omgg ya lmao cute
User 2: wait so what time should i tell my parents to expect me back
User 1: idk dude . ask rush
User 2: yo . wru . bitch . bitch . i'm here no one else is . i feel like that fat loser kid in every american movie
User 1: hehehehehe . i'm messaging her only
User 2: she'll be pissed at everyonen . we might not be the last ones to reach 
User 1: oh bro . i have such a horrible headache . alcohol should fix it temporarily . oh dude i'm getting sloshed
User 2: seeing me should fix it for the night . but yeah please eat something there . bf mode on
User 1: oh no no worries . i ate at home
User 2: oh man then what's up with your head . clearly not less sleep
User 1: haven't had coffee . the full day . i feel so deadd
User 2: fucking addict . but cute . rukh ja jaan mujhe mil toh loo
User 1: so the auto ruined my hair a bit . cutee aah
User 2: so made it normal because it was too hot before . yeah cool it's chill . thank god now i know i won't faint after seeing you hot hot
User 1: oh damn . wru abhi . i'll reach in like two
User 2: next station bandra
User 1: i legit got zero traffoc
User 2: bitchh . let me check how long i'll take
User 1: hehehe . plss . i faced enough traffic for today
User 2: argh my high disappeared ya
User 1: omg when did you stone
User 2: when you we were on the way to meet them loll . i sneaky . live location shared . hi . sorry for thoda extra at a place we had for ourselves for ten mins .
User 1: okay don't be sorry wtffd
User 2: yeah i kinda passed out i .  the cab
User 1: oh shot . shit . i'll keep texting
User 2: perf timing . nono . what you doing now . i'm not . but biting :p
User 1: hehehehe it's okay ong . omg . how far is home ! .  ? . i'm just leavinh
User 2: twenty-three minsb . i just had to so well no apologies here to:p . but oh well . we should have just locked the entire other room . ah well . maybe next time . but yeah sorry if i went hard :p
User 1: you keep saying no apologies . and then you say sorry
User 2: yeah when i'm still drunk i think okay prolly went thoda hard . eventhough it was hot and naughtyuu
User 1: ya i missed youu and miss you . ughh
User 2:  . same . fuck .
User 1: hate this too much . we properly meeting soon . when you back
User 2: can we take a room maybe ? . its not fair
User 1: dude i dont remember parts of yesterday
User 2:  . 
User 1: ya ya donee maybe in the day only ? . what is ?
User 2: i was trying to get into your pants and you didnt let me . and you went full on
User 1: omg hahahaha . i missed your peepee
User 2: we should have just gone to the other room and locked it . i am still missing your vv
User 1: i was too scaredd omgg
User 2: hence the biting your fault  . ah fuck . okay ya your haircut is too fucking hot anushka . i can't really handke it
User 1: omg  . ty ty ry
User 2: you say how much ever ty you want . next time youre not allowed to stop me .
User 1: okay done done . phew you're a little too hot
User 2: cute you started by ignoring a cheek kiss at night 
User 1: okay man . drunk me is v confident . vv 
User 2: what were we doing outside the club  . no questions asked
User 1: bro omfg . dude i was so so sloshed at that place dude . fuck
User 2: fine . even i'm blaming it on alcohol .
User 1: oh bro pam was saying weird shit yesterday
User 2:  you have to tell me
User 1: omg no no no no
User 2: hitting on you . wtf
User 1: idk i def got a vibe
User 2: yeah not cool . mine .
User 1: also not cool, cause rev
User 2: secondary . i see my shit first . but tell me ?
User 1: so there was this one time i was standing at the table and he was at the chair and he pulled me like between his legs and kissed my head and all . and was saying stuff like, "oh trivedi you really are crazy and cute" . some weird shit . and when you told me he asked you about us . i was a little more sure
User 2: about ? . oh that it was weird weirdb
User 1: i think he was gauging whether you and i are something or not
User 2: we are one thing hey if anyone fucking asks
User 1: ya man
User 2: i thought he was just asking because i was close to you and no one knows
User 1: maybe i'm reading into it . idk
User 2: trust me you're not . you and pam have never been close .
User 1: ya exactly . that's why even i was weirded out
User 2: are you okay now ?
User 1: the head kisses and all . ya why ?
User 2:  .  . just
User 1: ya man ofc
User 2: forget about last night . fuck why do girls always have to go through extra things . i was right there holding you the entire time . and still . i'm sorry .
User 1: arey it's chill pakka . if it was creepy i would've told you . maybe it would've been if i didn't know him at all
User 2: which you did and which it was . but okay . whatever you say .
User 1: okay idek
User 2: okay i just know one thing from last night is that we cant have short alone times . and i wasn't allowed to do what i like to do .
User 1: omg . btw turned on you is v hot . off
User 2: yeah idc if you scared . if i know nothing is to be scared . period . my point . idek the places name 
User 1: ottomans or something i think . oh i hope i don't smell . dude i got into the auto ajd realised i have zero cash 
User 1: and i hope my voice doesn't sound like rev . i'm gonna try to be extra shrill while talkint
User 2: i'm taking the stairs so kids who just did pooja don't smell the booze 
User 1: shit . hope nothing happens
User 2: yeah i'm just not allowed to sleep . till i have breakfast 
User 1: oh bri . i'm makingnsome coffee for muself . omg . so excited . i wanna make coffee for youu
User 2: finally . 
User 1: i look pretty sober only dude . dude . should i tell my parents about the hookah . oh btw when i was kissing you, you tasted like the hookah flavour it was too nice . but ya, this ?
User 2: nope . are you sure
User 1: haan i shouldn't
User 2: i was making ringss . you didn't even see i think you were mad
User 1: ya cause you kept fkn talking about hooking up w dikshita
User 2:  . i hope you know that's never happening . okay i wanted to fuck with you when you were tipsy  . you didn't even make eye contact with me . loved ir
User 1: ugh . i'm getting mad thinking about it . not cool .
User 2: anushka after the ten minutes that kunal acted like a grown up and left us, yeah that will take some topping up . like by anyone . okay yeah i can confidently say they were the top five hottest moments i've ever had . ever . okay whatever don't reply . but you know . prolly just get a room with me .  . hope i wasn't in any lol . you deleted this message . fuck that's why i got into the biting mood i couldn't give you hickey i knew but ain't no one checking your nipples . we need to get a room because i'm sure that was as clear as daylight . okay i'mma sleep after thinking about you know . argh too much to imagine
User 1: omg samee . same . will do . sorry was telling mom and dad about everything
User 2: which parts .  ! . did you tell them you were still drunk
User 1: no hookah and cigs and making out everything else i told . i actually wasn't dude . i'm not even hungover now
User 2: you passed the fuck out bitchh
User 1: ah ik .  ?
User 2: yeah i'm kinda getting busy after such a busy night :p
User 1: ohh . so early in the morning
User 2: i'd ask for help but i don't want to be rejected so many times in twenty-four hourd
User 1: too naughty uff . i was just gonna help but hmm
User 2: the body wants anushka . hm . body gets anushka . all these vain sentences
User 1: hm . i'll help you out . you kind of deserve it . kidhar ho . okay wru . open the next sc v carefully . not in front . of . anyone . pls . be careful . okay hate you too much
User 2: guess who fucked it up so royally . urgh . i couldn't even replay it fucking hell . argh . but . 1010 would bang that anushka . oh fuck . you're hot bro . hey maybe you should do it more often so even i miss it you know i don't feel that bad . fuck even though i double tapped and barely saw i'm excited again . yeah okay no i'll be normal . hey good morning :)
User 1: hi . nah you fkd up . not happening again . bro . i got my visa . omg
User 1: bro im dying now . it's too crazy
User 2: okay yeah this was a perfect good morning message
User 1: confirming that accommodation today . dude legiy
User 2: this dont even matter .  !
User 1: my passport came back
User 2: oh fuck oh fuck . everything is happening
User 1: and i thought that the confirmation will come later
User 2: no da
User 1: and i went back to sleep . dude idk okay its my first time ever going abroad
User 2: you open the pass port
User 1: and my mom comes running back to me wakes me up . and shows it to me
User 2: e
User 1: and now she went and kept the passport near the ghar ka mandir 
User 2:  . bro . everything is happening . fuckk . i'm so happy
User 1: oh god every part of me wants to run away
User 2: soon enough baby
User 1: oh run away from this . idk im scared . but im really pushing myself . and telling myself that this is exactly what i fkn have been wanting for the longest . fuckk . ya . i'm gonna send a lit message to terence now
User 2: okay i want to se . enough hai
User 1: idk what to say other than i got my visa . lmao . not too lit apparently
User 2: dw a bit more time and you'll be there nothing to be scared of . you'll know . this is not the anushka way omg . whatta buzzkill . terence is ready for this anushka . go caps bro
User 1: yaa . no fkn way 
User 2: i got my visa terence .
User 1: no 
User 2:  . ishh . bro . okay i'm not kidding . i swear . i think my mom was smelling of strains . fuck . like idek . wtf . i want to check the packet to see what the fuck is up
User 1: omg . maybe she wants to try
User 2: bro if its less im definitely sessing with her idgaf . what did you text him !
User 1: yas . i put too many exclamation marks omg
User 1: hey terence, just got my visa right now ! i'm coming ! finalizing the accommodation and everything now ! . and i asked him about the neighbourhood . i've never been but it's super close to la defense and it's a very safe neighbourhood  ! i have a friend who lives there who always tell me it's like a nice village-like athmosphere . i don't know what you heard about paris but it's overall a very safe city (never had a problem in eight years, unless i was looking for some :d) . and he said this
User 2: oh man
User 1: okay he's too chill man . maybe he'll teach me how to be chill
User 2: how's he so chill . exactly
User 1: ya
User 2:  . you're taking your sutta vibe with you oh they'll be chill you dw . they'll be surprised like woah wtf is going on hahaha
User 1: i hope they smoke . i really wanna tell them it's called a sutta
User 2: zoom in on his lips and check 
User 1: omg
User 2: tell them only this is allowed now
User 1: ya ofc
User 2: eventually :p
User 2: this ofc is going to get you kicked out 
User 2: from the country
User 1: i died when he said, "unless i'm looking for some" . diedd
User 2: but i know you want that cute village like atmosphere onlyy
User 1: ya ofcc . dude it's so green there . gonna do acid there idk how but have to
User 2: fuck .  . get that conversation out thoda later please
User 1: naveen is having too many issues trying to find acid in uk . so it's gonna be difficult . i'll take a quick trip to amsterdam
User 2: wasn't he in sweden . 
User 1: noo
User 2: ofc on plane youll carry the tab .  . when did he go to uk lol
User 1: he's doing a sem abroad there only . he is in swansea not sweden
User 2: oh
User 1: no
User 2: nevermind, prolly because i don't pay attention when you talk about him . then how will you do in paris babaa
User 2: oh wait trains
User 1: ya
User 2: nice .
User 1:  . dude i'll be too scared man let's see
User 2: so awkward love it .
User 1: i generally don't have balls
User 2: you stay there for two weeks man
User 1: you love me .
User 2: you'll be the localite 
User 1: this only i want
User 2: stop with the full stops fuck
User 1: oh cool . you love me . better ?
User 2: bonjour emanuelle i'm here for my everyday baguette . how's manuel doing . is he adjusting in his new school wel . less serious . just how i like my relationships
User 1: omg 
User 2: anushka you deserve all the good that's happening to you and the good that's coming your way . thought you should know .
User 1: okay . don't . gotta . make . a . bitch . cry . but ya . thanks my dude . you're the cutest
User 2: i make them wet only in other ss . like the one last night . one night we meet and suddenly all the good news come rushing in . maybe we should do it more often
User 1: omg yaa wtf
User 2: oh fuck you okay then go ask vaibhav to do it then or some french dude
User 1: uf chill jealous boy
User 2: i loved how you kept saying that you stayed only one night and nothing happened . cute . but yeah cool .
User 1: it's the truth tho . can't say that about you to my next guy tho
User 2: cool . hey nothing happened between us . we gonna be just friends :)
User 1: don't
User 2: like till it fades away of course
User 1: okay then why tf you tryna sleep w me
User 2: so that you do the same thing to my peepee you did last night . or more .
User 1: ya newsflash, friends don't do that . oh the full stops are heree
User 2: i make my own rules . knowing you, you clearly like to follow . perfect arrangement . temporary arrangement . friends don't even jump on my and make out with me at someone else's place but oh well . on me
User 1: ya man, got it . okay don't remind me of this it's a little too hot to handle
User 2: i was just going on a limb there but thank god it worked how i hoped nice . you do your accommodation work first  . your snap man fuck . okay i didnt expect it and i open sc before whatsapp always because i like pictures more than text . nevermind do this . argh .
User 1: yeah, cool . i'm writing my brother's manual abhi . she needs to update the rent on the website . after that i can pay . bro i was so scared this would happen man
User 2: 620 ?
User 1: ya
User 2: you don't worry no one uses my phone and i was sleeping so i didn't even see it with specs so well fuck me god .
User 1: ya but what if you were sitting next to someone
User 2: weren't y'all going ti scam it and do it separately :p
User 1: na going through the website onlyy
User 2: then i would see the text no . like notification mai . if i'm awake
User 1: ohh . hm
User 2: i'm telling you legit the only pic i've ever received i fucked it up lel . perfect perfect
User 1: yeah fuck you
User 2: you're too sweet bro . fuck me . cant imagine writing that shit titration and borax test and fucking newton's like argh get me some cin couts to turn me onn
User 1: dude i'm writing computer now so not too bad . but it's assembly programming . and not even x86 . i think it's eight thousand and eighty
User 2: oh he took compss . nice . so now we know at least his one paris internship is fixed if he goes through with this :p
User 1: lmao
User 2: since you're not doing work work . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . i kinda want to tell you something .
User 1: man . what did you delete .
User 2: it's not fair how easily you turn me on and how much i like you and how much i'm attracted to you . typo
User 1: it's the same for me, yk that . liar .
User 2: i forgot to put the full stop  . i do .
User 1: omg  . ughh too cute fuckk
User 2: sometimes you gotta stick to the basics bbg . accha . do you know what bees make ?
User 1: honey
User 2: yes dear ?
User 1: you know . i'm so nice . i knew this one already . and still said it
User 2: i knew you knew tbh .
User 1: just for you
User 2: i know you've seen the meme . i wanted to see this
User 1: hehe
User 2: and im fucking glad you went along . yeah . so . hm . i blush blush
User 1: hehehehehe
User 2: load void, anushka . so that we doing on the same subject
User 1: okay fuck me rn
User 2: how about you stop writing a manual then . ah the ghosting begins
User 1: aah . i was just gonna finish the experiment and message youu . but, i have to finish a bit more today
User 2: yes yes relaxi know you're working lel . like what
User 1: i've done eight till now . there are eighteen
User 1:  . man this suckss
User 2: woah your brother is really lucky  . we neveerre had this . argh
User 1: i think everyone i meet is lucky . cause they've met me
User 2: you do bless them with an aura that only you can project
User 1: yep, sounds like me
User 2: go write your experiments while i increase my cod rank 
User 1: oh bro . i wanna play cod . wait for me . i'm just finishing the 8th one . then play w me .
User 2: are we still talking about cod ? . cos i'm in for either
User 1: okay done . bro today morning . when i sent the pic . i was going towards the washroom . and my mother calls me . saying . "the maid isn't here come help me make rotis" . and i told her i had to take a dumb and i'll be back in like 5 . dump
User 1: look what you made me doo . okay cod now i'm taking a break . my hand is cramping . from writing so much
User 2: is cod the best option then lol . to no avail to me . i don't like missing out on such pictures . 
User 1: ya man i'm good either way
User 2: yeah i was actually sad till i woke up
User 1: fkn ungrateful bum
User 2: aiyo . come i'll beat your ass . in a way you won't like . i jkk
User 1: chal .
User 2: bro i was to surprised . i'm not kidding .
User 1: ya yesterday was too hot . it changed things
User 2: i literally hurried to find my glasses reloaded the thing and the app shut off . so lost the only change i had
User 1: haan fine .
User 2: let me actually say scurried because i'm not even kidding . hm . after cod talk . argh i'll slap you . chal come
User 1: sorry didn't talk properly
User 2:  .
User 1: i was sitting outside . 
User 2: yeah da relax wtf . good i didn't start saying the wrong things . are you writing the manual again
User 1: na na was wearing those earphones
User 2: i know . good because you wouldn't say anything . and i would just listen to you and get turned on . alone . yet again . also in my snap that i'd sent . could you see it :p
User 1: yaa
User 2: oh fuck
User 1: neverr . a bit . what happ
User 2: oh thank god at least you know what the snap was about lol
User 1: bro why is she like this . why does she feel the need to be strict w you . i think she thinks you're one mad degenerate . but she knows you study and all na . and you're fkn placed
User 2: because i am and she knows it . dude honestly in my house everyone is smart so only other qualities are seen :p
User 1: you aren't
User 2: yeah even i shouted at her . feels so nice . back to when she used to live at home
User 1: call or text
User 2: text . she's at work she can't gossip anytime like us 
User 1: oh lmao .  . what did you sayy
User 2: okay no we talking talking . she's just concerned man . she's like oho s that's bad
User 1: omg
User 2: i made her feel to guilty about giving shit to me all the time . oh fuck im winning against my sister
User 1: goodds
User 2: i can be very ok about stuff  ! but you know youve not been very easy . i am not judging you  ! i am just concerned and hence i try to explain you . you're too uptight because you never had this life during your ca . and it's fine . concern ki jab baat ayi hai you know i talk seriously . not judging you . that's all i've ever received from you man so leave that . i know how to handle our thing hence forth . mom ki baat chal rahi hai . fine jenit . do as you please . lol
User 1: why does she say this ?
User 2: my relationship with my family has never been the best . like i've been good academically and all . but my behavior until like even 5tb sem end at home has been pretty bad . don't wanna get into that . but dude i've honestly seen myself improve so much . hence i don't think it's fair now .
User 1: maybe they just need time . to get used to the new jen
User 2: na it's fine . that's not even important . my sister says thoda extra things . she properly apologised and i took ss . moving on . i love making shit up . yeah sorry fir so many ss but im too energetic rn
User 1: wowowowowow . you typed so much
User 2: i'm not lying now you known . so change in plans . i can play cod with you . i'm leaving tomorrow morning
User 1: ohh . accha accha . car na ? . that's why i was wondering . how at night
User 2: these people drive ghats at nights . they are maddo
User 1: wow . not cool
User 2: but they've done it many times so it's fine . i'm still a pissy . but the protests have begun . i can't meet my other friend also he lives five mins away from agust kranti maidan
User 1: noo . i'm going to meet a friend now . urvashi
User 2: yeah i'm vv happy it's not at night . o
User 1: ty
User 2: intro plis . is she hot
User 1: she's cute yes . i'll send pics later
User 2: have fun
User 1: cutie . you look too nice . even w that fuck all tee
User 2: i can't wait to stone with that sexy body on me . you're a close replacement
User 1: i had such a nice convo w uru
User 2: but anyway . hi . yaay . after so long
User 1: okay when are we  together . ugh imy dont show me your face again ty
User 2: brownies 23rd
User 1: bfly . cool fo now
User 2: such a happy day dude . i'm happy for both of us loll
User 1: thanks for not giving me credits for the pic you posted . hehehhe ya
User 2: you don't let me kiss you on your cheek let me at least be fake and edgy on social media . i'm so happy kaustubh didn't mention your name he's ballsy he does all these pranks 
User 1: i did like that comment tho . that's okay na ? . man fo
User 2: you don't have to ask me all this anushka . 
User 1: okay cool
User 2: cool i'll delete it . but then i'll tag you . and won't remove that .  . i shy okay . and it's gay af
User 1: man ugh . i hate you
User 2: check your insta 
User 1: okay i'm dead . ty ty ty .  . now i'll like the pic
User 2: if i can't do it for you . and do it for someone else . i'm as good a cheating on you . what a bitch .
User 1: oho . so swet . bfly . wyd
User 2: you haven't even said which bfly . just had too much food . my stomach hurts . and i feel yesterdays suttas . and it's time for me to get out of the housee . so i'm trying assemble the squad . argh i don't wanna drive ish
User 1: ya cause i'm ignoring . pussy . ah even i want too . i just came back
User 2: would have loved to taste it but oh well .  . cool . you had enough fun for the day . stfu
User 1: what fun . okay it was cute . we sat at theo . and had coffees . and spoke about so much stuff . we're meeting after so long
User 2: my point
User 1: and we were bffs
User 2: always happens with me tioo
User 1: but kind of lost touch
User 2: when
User 1: like not that much convo . small talk only . and she's not really active on social media . so . oh ya spoke too much about you . so i kind of miss you more now
User 2:  . tell me thoda . i didn't want to ask samnese
User 1: change your dp . whatsapp dp . to the pic i clicked . you look cuter in that . in this you look like a gunda
User 2: and is that a deal breaker . tel mee . hehe . i like to hear about me
User 1: omg ah i love this pic too much . legit you look so so happyy . cause you were baked
User 2: for me toh it was the first date so yeah fu
User 1: and it's so so cute . ah heart melting shitt . nope . uff . i told her about the gifts you gave . and our first date . and about last night . i told her that i like you a lot . i told her the situation . and why dating seems like quite a task at this time . but ya she madly ships us . she thinks we look too hot together
User 2: that was honestly because i was kinda happy i'm going on a date with my date . i'm not even lying i swear . yeah i started liking you wayy before you knew about it . aiyo pg-13 please . well she thinks what i know for to long . especially with that hair do . oh . so this is going to be our late night talk topic . for tonight . beforeafter cod . and . i'm leaving now . so will reply slow . but anyways, continue talking lel :)
User 1: okay don't make me blush i'll punch you . ya i didn't give details just said that it happened . hehehe . ugh feeling too nice nice about you in my heart . okay . after . i know cod turns you on .
User 2: okay we actually can't sweet talk so much omg anush . idm you explaining your friends how turned on and wet you were because of me :) . always same for me . ish . why do i need to turned on for everything man . girls just want one thing and honestly it's disgusting . so things are looking bleak . fml . one friends fua is critical . and if he doesn't come then we may not go only . so plan is for afternoon leaving . that also 50-50 .  gg
User 1: oh shit man
User 2: oh man . so not going on the trip is fine and all . but my day kinda got ruined so fast
User 1: what happened ? ? . all good ?
User 2: yeah i mean it happened on the road . we'll video call ! .  ?
User 1: just give me a few minutes . parents haven't slept yet . we were watching a moviee . one of my fav movies ever . wanna say on the call ?
User 2: yeah yeah laterr . idm typing . tell
User 1: saysay
User 2: but if we're video calling :p . yeah it's not fucked my mood that much . but yeah ruined the full happy day . ruined the happy day with something negative
User 1: tell mee
User 2: you watch movie no . tell
User 1: the grand budapest hotel
User 2: oh shit yeah i've heard it's too good . don't know why i haven't seen it . cool adding it to the list
User 1: hii . sorry . i was actually buying something for tibrewal
User 2: o . what occasion
User 1: idk dude . he gets me gifts
User 2: it was too cute last night
User 1: for no reason
User 2: he was like cool i'll go and you weren't letting him goonky
User 2: that's the best one .
User 1: but i put a message on it . "for all the thoughtful presents and the indispensable presence"
User 2: aw . okay yeah that's a perfect message
User 2: and so tru . i love music boxes . ah fuck
User 1: and it's beatless . his fav band
User 2: yeah you know the perfect gifts . oh fuck man i'm so pissed i broke harshits  . bro . so i had a phase in 5th sem where when i tripped alone . i would switch on thag orange light . and just keep playing it . oh fuck . you bring back memories . cutes .
User 1: ayy . shit . that's so cute . i didn't know . ong . omgg . oh bro . everything is always so connectedd
User 2: now anymore . honestly no . this semester has just been to weird
User 1: even sarthak has a music box
User 2: because it was ending . whichh
User 1: idkk . but one of his exes gave it to him . i forgot . oh bro . even v has one ! . hers is la vie en rose
User 2: i really hope i get bangalore dude i wanna really get to know tib better . surprisingly i do know that
User 1: even sarthu's is that one
User 2: i guess now i have to gift you one .
User 1: what a cutie . you've already gifted too many things . when i find something cool, it'll come your way
User 2: lol not exactly . just memories that you deserve . oh bro so like i actually don't know why i gave you specifically those things . like i know we had a story . but like why would i give you . we weren't close then . but well, universe just has a way . and i'm glad . stylus broo
User 1: hehehehehhehe . okay i got a great gift idea . like a cute one
User 2: for
User 1: like in general
User 2: honestly such ideas come in handy . like whenever someone's birthday is coming up . sometimes you just know okay i have to gift this to that . nice . tell
User 1: ya i just made a list
User 2: list ! ?
User 1: arey
User 2: you high no
User 1: like only one thing on it . no no :p . dude . that movie makes me v creative . and emotional . and uff . i just feel too much afyerbit
User 2: yeah i downloaded the imdb app . i'm adding all this to my list and finally going to stick to it . heart melting yeah i know
User 1: hehe . ay
User 2: tell me idea you got for the cute giftt
User 1: nope . lmao . okay wyd
User 2: yeah fine fuck you . wait for you to call me
User 1: why i just may gift it to you . that's why i dont wanna say . heres a song for you . watermelon sugar by harry styles
User 2: i've heard this hehe . i'm going to be saying this to people next semester
User 1: oh bro he's too talented
User 2: and pretty
User 1: and he's one of those guys that is so so masculine without acing the conventional measures of masculinity . idk that's what i feel . yess . and his voice phew . okay cod ?
User 2: no bro . he's still a bit boyish for me . fine this is nice
User 1: idk i find him vv hot
User 2: you know who this perfectly describes . chris martin . this too lol . he's attractive that true
User 1: he legit sings a lizzo song . and because he's so so confident . it's still so so hot . ya but his entire persona is so so sexy . and his sense of style fcuk . fuck
User 2: this i have to see wait . yeah man i really need to pump my wardrobe after looking at these people
User 1: dude he legit says, "somebody come get your man, he's lost in my dms" . sane . same . i diedd . those are the lyrics . but i didn't think he'd say . and when he did . uff
User 2: okay yeah he's too talented
User 1: i died
User 2: i'm not a snack i'm a whole damn meal .  .
User 1: omg yaas . uff
User 2: okay yeah i'm done let's cod . time to get nasty competitive
User 1: okie
User 2: clearly notifications are more important and you're not into so like . yeah
User 1: i clicked it by mistake bitch
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: oh so i'm the coward
User 2: you're scared of the little games we play . so oh well
User 1: bitch liked me for so long and still i was the one that asked for a date first . i was the one that messaged first on tinder as well
User 2: bitch was a hoe what could i do 
User 1:  .
User 2: because you got the matched notification first . 
User 1: ya but i never message boyz first . soo .  .
User 2: and yet you did directly said you have to hook up with me
User 1: yep
User 2: maybe i've been too hard on you
User 1: i'm cute that way phew
User 2: also too hard for you but we don't talk about that tonight . yeah no . nothing about hook up with you was cute . it was pure hot .
User 1: man why are you so good at this ihy
User 2: because that's what you are in the bedroom .
User 1: too many full stops, i se .
User 2: you don't know how to do it . you can't add so many ee . too many full stops, i see . isn't this hotter
User 1: yeah i'm gonna fuck off
User 2: goodnight partner .
User 1: yup, never said that i'm going to sleep right now .
User 2: the night is still young . things can happen . oops sorry . will happen  .
User 1: don't be so confident, jenit . ugh ihy
User 2: want to see me beg .
User 1: okay it looks like you're crying . cause of that dent on the specs . which i hope i didn't cause 
User 2: yep important side notes that were needed in this conversation
User 1: okay shush . fine man
User 2:  . you're a fucking cutie
User 1: dude i legit have a bruise . on the inside of my lips
User 2: i'm sorry
User 1: which i think is from that night
User 2: which that night
User 1: you know, just one of those nights that you claimed was one of the best you've ever had .
User 2: oh . well . i did realise i was beinga bit aggressive . but the sober me told me, yeah you can't stop even now . because of how hot the girl in from of you is . and how much you want to fuck her . and how many feelings you have for her . so i went along . i'm sorry .
User 1: well, lucky for you, idm a bit of aggression . oh . okay sorry . one sec . ughh . my brother is calling me
User 2: yeah yeah
User 1: hi . i'm back . sorry . ya, where were we ?
User 2: i was apologising
User 1: oh, ya, we were talking about how you wanna fuck mee . oh nvm then
User 2: or this . no no let's change the topic to this
User 1: me
User 2:  .
User 1: i listen .
User 2: you must be alone in your room . right . about . now .
User 1: yes .
User 2: and who needs a top anyway . so how about you do that .  .
User 1: cool .
User 2: but i don't really trust you . so i'm going to need picture proof .
User 1: yeah but you were pretty fkn ungrateful about it today morning .
User 2: that's not true . i couldn't see it with -5 number without glasses hence you didn't get the reaction you expected . maybe when i'm ready i'll have a different reaction . do you want to find that out ? . just . the . top .
User 1: cool . but yeah, small steps . you'll get what i mean .
User 2: i'll wait patiently to find out .
User 1: yeah you gotta be patient cause i'm not vv good at this and i take time to take a decent pic
User 2: it should be easy since the bra is on .
User 1: oh . no . it isn't
User 2: clearly . someone . doesn't listen
User 1: i don't sleep w a bra on
User 2: but since it's off . nothing can be done . you forget your decent picture . i'm not looking for decent tonight .
User 1: ooh . you waitt
User 2: i'm looking for more like filthy naughty ones but okay okay decent ones are cool i guess . well no . they aren't . don't be conscious . 
User 1: oh bro . ofc i'll be
User 2: but it's me . and i'll wait . take your time
User 1: rn i'm just building some self confidence 
User 1: trying to channel what happened today morning
User 1: oh what no no no
User 2: sensual things . nasty things . passionate things .
User 1: okay my dude . you gotta be patient
User 2: yeah
User 1: takes me time okay . deal w it
User 2: okay okay i won't disturb
User 1: ty . i'm trying to add something i had in mind . let's se . yeah you can scroll on insta till then i'm sorry my dude
User 2: yeah no i'm just going to stay right here . where i'm comfortable . okay yeah fuck i'm excited .
User 1: okay no no . reduce expectations . okay don't be mad at me
User 2: but don't worry my hopes aren't high for it because that will pressurize you
User 1: ty
User 2: i always know what you're going to say .  . i'm mad towards you . mean . and . dirty .
User 1: oh man i'm too picky . i'm too much of a perfectionist . 
User 2: are you wearing something omg
User 1:  . as inn
User 2: nothing i'm just going to wait .
User 1: okay oh god why tf am i nervous . like
User 2: like about this . you deleted this message . i don't even know about what
User 1: like . i click something . and then i'm like . ugh . need to change this a bit . that way picky
User 2: i'd fuck all those anushkas . just putting it out there
User 1: ugh ik this is such a turn off . but now deal w it
User 2: or putting it in there .  relax
User 1:  . omg i feel like such a nerd
User 2: i love every bit of this so dw about me . you handle you .
User 1: lmao . don't lie . okay i'm just gonna throw my ideas out and send a basic one only
User 2: and then you wonder why i'm ungrateful . i want to see everything . what is a basic fucking one . it is a turn off is what this idea is . like it'll still be hot can't deny . but oh well
User 1: how many seconds do you want
User 1:  . are you saying . or should i delete
User 2: no . i want full
User 1: yeah you can't even see my tit in this one
User 2: i'm here for all of you and not just a tit or tits
User 1: oh cool cool
User 2: your face is equally yum
User 1: okay i sent . okay . i'm gonna scream . bye . see you never . take care . have a good jight
User 2: i'm not even going bother with whatsapp . see you on sc
User 1: okay
User 2: hey you know it's okay right if you can't . lol . just telling you the obvious
User 1: ugh
User 2: talk here
User 1: okay
User 2: mad woman
User 1: umm . hi
User 2: good start
User 1: this is too embarrassing . oh shit i fkd up
User 2: and you fucked it up  . hehehehhe . jinx
User 1: jinx
User 2: double jinx
User 1: yeah i'm still embarassed . k
User 2: and i still like you thoda more than yesterday oops .
User 1: man . don't you fkn fuck w me
User 2: anushka it's fine . you couldn't be confident tonight for whatever reason
User 1: one day i'll be less awkward hopefully . okay okay you don't say anything now
User 2: even though you've fingered yourself on live chat 
User 1: or i'll legit want to ghost you . okay . stop . talking
User 2: okay . you deleted this message
User 1: see this is chiller . man i saw it . i'm legit right here . you're the only one i'm chatting w . no point deleting . go eat something
User 2: i know but now i dknt want ti xhange the topic
User 1: no . don't say that
User 2: i think i can understand why but still they are the same level
User 1: noo . okay
User 2: okay let me say one sentence . and then i'll change the topic . even i can read lel . but anyway
User 1: i have a feeling i'm going to cringe out like mad
User 2: yeah
User 1: okay . once you're done . i'll also say something . okay can you say
User 2: anushka trivedi, you've got a really amazing pair of tits and a really hot figure to go with it . i think if you think the time is right, you should really have the confidence in you to show off a bit . because damn am i impressed . but yeah you deal w it your way now . it's all chill . :)))
User 1: ok ty
User 2: go
User 1: ah i'm still getting used to the idea that i can be the 'sexy' one in a relationship (ok ik this isn't one but you know what i mean) . and sometimes there's confidence and sometimes there just isn't . like if i take a pic i just cringe out like omg anushka who is this this isn't you
User 2: sometimes you like this too . but today you just went in wirh expectations from yourself and like setting the bar or something maybe that's why it didn't improve . you know i've been in the same s too lol . so it's fine . and this also i know and you don't need to give an explanation . it's just not one of those days and it's fine .
User 1: it was more like it was someone else completely . like, i didn't know that person and didn't have the balls to explore that . idk if that makes sense . okay okay
User 2: yeah makes so much sense
User 1: we can end this conversation, right ?
User 2: you were scared of that person for tonight . i already can't sleep and i'm going to get a sugar rush
User 1: oh crazy i haven't had that in so long . how wtf . when did you sleep dude
User 2: 9-2 . and woke up at twelve once to fuck up your snap . wasn't a wise choice .
User 1: it never is . wow you really did fuck up your cycle
User 2: when did you sleep ? !
User 1: i barely did . i slept probably for three hours
User 2: divijs place oh right
User 1: from like 11-1ish i think idek
User 2: bitch
User 1: ya apart from that
User 2: it was a taunt
User 1: lmao . accha
User 2: you pass out and miss the best partss . okay not the best
User 1: dude what did i miss
User 2: but yeah . me caressing and kissing your head for one . loll
User 1: what
User 2: rest i won't tell you fu . when . you were sleeping
User 1: oh man legit don't remember anything . i was dead
User 2:  . yep stone cold out
User 1: say man . i feel like you're lying . there were so many people around . kunal pam divij
User 2: arre like i was playing with your dead body's hair head like caressing and then everyone was busy with fifa street and booze . and i was like hey this beautiful girl is sleeping so peacefully . maybe she'll get this signal . clearly fucking not . 
User 1:  . sleepyou
User 2: sleep with you . see how i'm more couply . you're just self obsessed . so like we have a big group on snapchat . with everyone . and the girl who does like the couple . is on e . only we two are awake . she literally named everyone on the group in one line and said y'all are fam jam . and left only two names ouy . woah . idk who but someone is going to get a lot of shit tomorrow . you stop listening to music and passing out . aw no . alone time is imp . yeah okay fine anushka i'll confess . i like you thoda extra then i'm supposed to like a random hookup . jk but yeah . fuck . i'm glad i have this connection with you . it's gives my brain an opportunity to release some good feeling chemicals . cutie passed out hehe . than . you make my fluids flow if you know what i mean
User 1: omg . i slept off . i wasn't even listening to music
User 2: long day . what to do
User 1: dude legit . idek when i slept off
User 2: just the second when i tried to be nice
User 1: ya dude . i'm such a meme . good morning btw . i'm meeting rishabh today !
User 2: first time this vacation right ? . gm . i'm still sleepy but have to fix the cycle
User 1: do you know someone who sells good  ? . yaa
User 2: bandra . but rn he has only indica . oo going to be fun
User 1: oh you mean strains strainsm .  ?
User 2: duh . local  is everywhere . so we never go far for that
User 1: accha we wanted to make edibles
User 2: or close to you :p . make ? ! . where !
User 1: ya . at home . i wanted to make brownies . w my cousins . for everybody
User 2: wait you do have that place lol
User 1: no no . at my place only . everything is here
User 2: i'm local i don't know .  . i can't wait to do this w my parents if it happens lol
User 1: shouldn't use strains for edibles na
User 2: fuck no . we ain't that rich
User 1: ya that's why i was asking . for good local 
User 2: come to my area . we are scoring this is we go . maybe we can meet . loll
User 1: han . we were planning to meet on sunday na
User 2: monday . sunday i'm coming back . you're leaving on tuesday
User 1: oh yeah . doubt i can meet on monday . we are cooking it on monday
User 2: oh fuck we are towards the end of the vacation like second half atleast and i don't think i've seen enough of you to let go just yet .
User 1: ya wtf man
User 2: hey i don't mind being a part of it
User 1: i genuinely thought we were meeting on sunday
User 2: lol jk
User 1: dude when tf will we meet then
User 2: if we leave on time which i doubt we will then idm
User 1: wtf
User 2: idek what's going to happen
User 1: bro . fuckk . okay
User 2: maybe everyday after you're back sounds decent enough . hey if i cry ever because of this don't judge lel
User 1: fuck . wtf ofc not
User 2:  . bro even arusha is not here for 31st . i can't go with school friends . i don't want to spend it with high school people because they don't party hard enough
User 1: i haven't even starting thinking about these plans . honestly hate new year's
User 2: last year's was actually so decent
User 1: the first good new years i had was last year w my cousins
User 1: otherwise i always cry
User 2: lols . you're never out with other friend groups kya
User 1: so 11th 12th not really
User 2: didn't ask purposely :p
User 1: so my good new years have been after third sem and after 5th sem . i was w just v for one of them . and it was the cutest night evwr
User 2: hehehehe .  . and last year ?
User 1: was w cousins . like i hatee new years
User 2: like out or where
User 1: the obligation . to have fun . and be happy
User 2: opportunity with the perfect excuse . yeah you taught me to be positive so throwing it back
User 1: and idk it becomes an anxiety thing for me where i'm constantly worried about how i wasted a whole fkn year . but yaa . i'm not that pessimistic now . so that won't happen
User 2: this year wasn't a waste and even you know jt . ppo . paris . jenit . going to hard in the last sem
User 1: ya def ik it was good . let's see . i don't want to force shitt . cause legit w v
User 2: hey if you are free and i'm free . do you want to spend it with me . like as a last resort
User 1: we had gone to her place . we didn't call anyone . she did some .bomb makeup on me . we dressed real slutty
User 2: ahh
User 1: and we walked around powai . cause it was all lit up . and went to this garden
User 2: i want to see wtf . i've never seen you without jeans 
User 1: and were lying down talking about life
User 2: aw
User 1: so so cute . okay i was wearing jeans then also . my def of slutty is vv innocent  . and we had like a photoshoot and all  . we were clicking hot pics of each other w the lights and all
User 2:  . okay yeah you need to show me some . wtff . i knew you'd spent one new year's with her . never did i find out about this .
User 1: so clearly i'm the best at clicking pics . legit . i clicked such hot pics of her omg
User 2: ahuja divij . these guys are throwing a huge scene . in bandra . i think they're gonna sell passes to people and all take you faz friends  . youve never had this much make up on . like even at the farewell wtf . oh bro . you actually look too fucking hot . holy shit . bro . why the fuck do you not post this shit on insta . no one gives a shit if you saw a cute lamp . mann
User 2: can you post this ? . because oh man . don't you want creepy dudes sliding into your dms . bro you have to post .
User 1: wow  . i'm standing on that thigy to be close to her height 
User 2: everywhere you try to pull only this thing off . and you're hiding your face great smarty
User 1: ya 
User 2: oh aushka you're hot .
User 1: that was the plan
User 2: fuck . yeah i'm not ready for next half of two thousand and twenty i have major separation issues . 2012, 10:41 jenit jain: either they got a prerolled ocb . i love how they have such similar energies . ah like jain is nice but i ship them too much .
User 1: how is it similar energy . omg i was looking through old pics . i found some baby pics of me 
User 2: idm seeing more flat chest pics
User 1: you really are a cunt .
User 2: they are looking just at positives and are excited about the future sessions .
User 1: why tf would i send the pics now ? ?
User 2: fine i'll send first
User 1: crazy shades . omg so cute . fuck
User 2: i was always in the car eye . so yeah after dikshita you're the only one i've sent this picture too ever for obvious reasons
User 1: there's nothing wrong w these
User 2: only this . i don't wanna be a meme contentn . which is the first thing that would happen loll . ah i miss the two ponytail two plaits days . oh dude . so i dreamed yesterday . after a very long time . like a proper dream . in that also i got caught by the police smoking  . like yeah that was the entire thing . what a bt i can't even be creative . it's happened in real life also so eh
User 1: saysay
User 2:  .
User 1: omg . wow . so stressful
User 2: bro . hostel daze on prime . fuckk . reminds me of first year to much . hahahahhahahah . okay i miss boys hostel thoda
User 1: yaa i also want to watch . no time only . aw
User 2: manual uff . oh man what a bandana . ill take that thank you . too cute . it's weird looking at them because you don't have a mountain of hair hehehhe
User 1: right ? ?
User 2: throwback to when your lips were red . loll . pink
User 1:  . that's legit you 
User 2: okay throwback to when your lips weren't bruised by bois . sorry .
User 1: much better actualyy . actually . i just got my eyebrows done
User 2: o
User 1: and idk if this happens to you
User 2: i must get mine donee . nope
User 1: but i sneeze all the fkn time
User 2: doesn't . wtff
User 1: ya dude it's too annoying . every time she touches my eyebrows i've to tell her to wait a second . and then i sneeze like five times
User 2:  . yeah you're weird . you're wired weirdly nibba
User 1: that thread idk tickless . and i start sneezing
User 2: show me beautiful
User 1: i agre . and today while waxing my legs . i fell asleep . bro i think i have a talent
User 2: how the fuck
User 1: i can sleep through anything
User 2: doesn't it pain . wtf
User 1: ya ofc it does . that's the talent
User 2: you should have waxed before rush's thing and prolly shouldn't have worn something hotter . but oh well . next i find you sneaking a power nap on a date
User 1: and she touched my shoulder to wake me up . and she started laughing . bro wtf do i do . why am i like this . 
User 2:  it's really more awkward for people around you so eh their problem . appt
User 1: legit . bro you should get the microsoft sms organizer app
User 2: show off your hairless bodd
User 1: it's too lit
User 2: i don't use sms . why do you use sms 
User 1: no it's great for otps . and idk . sidhant told me about it . and idk . it's so nice
User 2: nowadays many default apps show the message, show the otp separately in the notification bar and directly there's a button to copy it . in case youve used the same phone for a long timen
User 1: ya idk it isn't there on oneplus
User 2: i've tested on multiple phones . i have used only oneplus in manipal . lol . i don't use hangouts . bro . my friend is too lucky . so it was his birthday too yesterday
User 1: he's a sagi . ya he's lucky . wtf
User 2: yeah i'm not a sun sign dude
User 1: okie
User 2: are you a sun sign girl omg . i actually wanna know
User 1: not like mad mad . but i find them cute
User 2: oh mann
User 1: i sleptt . i feel good
User 2: i just spent the last forty-five minutes updating all the contacts to their full name and companies like manipal jaihind etc etc . for one hour ? ? . when are you going out
User 1: rishabh is coming at 1:45 . we going to suzette
User 2: never heard
User 1: wow wow
User 2: cafe or restaurant . and only whatsapp chats are done . lik . lol
User 1: suzette, powai . and suttas also . lmao . restaurant . we eating lunch there
User 2: why do you go to places three mintuees from your place . and thenn
User 1: i was thinking of going on the powai lake walk . let's se . cause i've actually been here only once really long back . and he wanted to go to suzette . okay going to take a bathh . see you soon
User 2: or see you now . hm . okay you won't see this until you're done nevermind . oh also so the trip is cancelled . so i'm free on the weekend
User 1: hi . oh
User 2: hi
User 1: why ?
User 2: friends family member is critical . so he can't come . so no one wants to get . go
User 1: oh shitt
User 2: hostel daze has a dialogue when the dude is on his first date . and bro . only few things touch my heart ever that much . and this was like woah . like i really wanna go back to like 35th sem with my current partner and just be in college again . man .  everybody please upload the certificate received for industrial training by dec 31st . this is required for the department records . this is internship completion certificate right
User 1: ayy . this is too crazy . ik you relate to it a lot . yaa i think so
User 2: ik you don't but ik yk i do . how's it going . too hot for a walk . so we might go to ambey valley . because that's closer . oh man noice
User 1: hii . come online . ya sick place
User 2: hi . tel me about your day . you sound too happy . plus to share
User 1: hey . yaa fuck . we spoke about so much stuff . rish and i . and dude we legit caught onto each other's wavelength immediately . and he told me that he think i've changed so much in such a great way . idk felt crazy good to hear that . especially from him
User 2: well that's what old friends are about duh . ikr !
User 1: cause he's seen me in that fuck all 11th and 12th phase
User 2: fuck i've felt the same recently . 
User 1: and he gifted me a book bro omfg .
User 2: this is why i'm with you with you . which . oh man i keep forgetting to give you my book argh
User 1: hehehe cutie . kafka on the shore - murakami . fuck what a cute day . we heard so much frank ocean together next to the lake
User 2: tbvs ?
User 1: so in 11th 12th . i would curse myself a lot . for being vv stupid
User 2: you still do
User 1: so he used to say . tbvs . t be very smart
User 2: ik the author . tell me how it is
User 1: and he wrote it in whitener on our desk in podar . yaa i had actually started reading it
User 2:  . hehege
User 1: uff . it was too nice
User 2: idek how you decide the merit of a book in a single read . because then i'm scared for you reading death of a salesman . lol
User 1: what
User 2: my book
User 1: by it i meant today . ya got that
User 2: oh that . aw . i'm glad . why you're back already . argh anushka time is expensive for everyone that's why everyone gets so less i feel . i want to know thoda more of what he said regarding thiss
User 1: we met at like 1:45 na . he had to meet another friend also . so truu . will tell on call ?
User 2: this . yeah fuck you . suree . why don't we ask people to take our pics ? ? . yeah you do with your mains only cool cool
User 1: yeah fuck you too . dude i rest it on a bus ka window ka grills
User 1: lmao . stfu
User 2: i can't wait to send the picture of all the s :')
User 1: hehehehehe
User 2: yum
User 1: lmao . kamikaze . wyd
User 2: hey . so we finally finally left :p . oh bro . so my friend smoked the malana cream . and he's like it's better than what we spoked on the entitee kasol trip . and guess whos 90 popping acid . i'm too excited 
User 1: oh sort ! . omfg . have fun be safe
User 2: we have a trip sitter and all decided . but no company is like yours man
User 1: ay that is fkn perfect so so necessary
User 2: and i'm kinda bumped out that you're not going to be tripping with me
User 1: ya man i'm sad i'm not w ypu
User 2: jinx
User 1: :( . but yes you have to tell me all about it
User 2: okay i might want to talk to you . i don't know what mood i'll be in . like talk or not talk
User 1: nah i doubt
User 2: and if you don't talk or text when i want . it's going to affect our relationship
User 1: oh ofc i'll be there . i totes understand
User 2: ya you sleep a lot cunt 
User 1: bro but i recommend being in the moment only . company matters a lot
User 2: yes yes
User 1: and they may feel detached if you are not w them w them
User 2: that's why said
User 1: haan . but tonight or what ?
User 2: so like it's not fixed if we'll stay out tomorrow . so well . we from manipal . we go hard or we go home
User 1: oh accha . in the car ? . bro hope they're driving properly 
User 2: yes so i'm in the pussy car . :p . so we safe safe
User 1: oh thank god
User 2: okay touch wood . actually
User 1: done
User 2: bro . so . i met this dude after  six years
User 1: haan
User 2: and like couple of people meeting after long . they all have said i've got an accent 
User 1: omg wtf . 
User 2: like indian only but not mumbai at all
User 1: omg . wow . south indian accent maybe
User 2: no
User 1: ya i'm jking
User 2: the thing is living in south india with mostly north indian friends . and i like that
User 1: ya
User 2: okay i'll text slow now . vn me what rishab said no . i actually want to know
User 1: i'll tell on call whenever we talk nextt pakka . it wasn't much . just general shit . ya was just bout to say . have fun and send pics . and tell me when you're back . did you notice i wrote a stanza from a really awesome poem
User 2: ik lol . you know that will happen anyway . i just changed in the road 
User 1: ya just makiny sure qween
User 2: you're not going to be left out jaan
User 1:  . hot
User 2: wait video is getting sent
User 1: also when are you back . tomorrow night ?
User 2: you know that i read it twice when you sent it righht
User 1: okay cutie ly
User 2: bro this smell
User 1: omgg crazyy . its lit
User 2: wydd . so i'm with  this dude i reapllyy hated in school . and the hate started late so went on for . but like idgaf anymore . and he's playing realyy nice  music . and i'm vibing to hard
User 1: ayy  does that 
User 2: bro . i was walking in a narrow lane before leaving . and then offcourse i was talking in hindi with this dude and abusing . and we kinda came in front of a bike because that lane had no footpaths . so like the passed and like the chick on the back like she  was 30ish looked at me pissed cos she thought i abused her . and then they went . but there was congestion . so i caught up . and i apologised . and she smiled acchese and then left . and i felt too happy . and i wanted to share it with you .
User 1: oh man . this is so cool ! . fuckk
User 2: hey imy
User 1: legit miss you more
User 2: i'm sober again . lol
User 1: why tf ho
User 2: we attee . okay ttyl . i'm the crusher of the car 
User 1: good gooe .  . yesyes see you
User 2: dude so this dude studies in boston . where it's legak . dispensaries there deliver  to your doorstep . listen to dil baro . we are driving with windows cold and i'm shiveriny . i love it
User 1: fuck . ugh . that's legit goals . goalsw . so i wrote a quick poem abhi . it's probably not the best . but yeah at least i wrote something . but i didn't wanna write about this
User 2: it's out of your system . that's always good . can i read
User 1: cutie alwayss . ya but no judging ty
User 2: yes . man my sister and j fought
User 1: ahh
User 2: and i became too mean . and deleted the message
User 1: what happened ?
User 2: and she read it
User 1: oh shit .
User 2: last message was . while enjoy with my parents at home . anywau . i'm not letting bad vibe get to ne . because she will do whatever she wants tomorrow when she goes to talk
User 1: you said this ? . you both will be talking na ? . why only her ?
User 2: send your poem i don't wanna talk more about this . idk how we decided this but i told her what needs to be told to mom from my end . let's hope she cares enough to say it .  .
User 1: we'll talk about this when you're back . abhi chill only . it'll all be sorted out . oh this mood you're in accha . how was the  ? .  more ? . when will yall reach ? . and how tf will y'all be back tomorrow ?
User 2: exactly why i want to read something written by you . hash
User 1: okay too many questions sorry
User 2: you know bbg . sc . we might might nog . it's thirty from lonavaka . so
User 1: oh no way my poem is this mood what is that music  . fav . kk
User 2: not that long a drive . it's fine bri . i'm not a  and i've been waiting for it kinda
User 1: ay sortedd  . ya . barely 4-5 hours na
User 2: 2-3 ish during the day . poem . don't irritate . how many times should i askb
User 1: safe driving omg i'm gonna  . okay don't judge the poem pls ty . i know there are like small small flaws . but if i sit and try to fix everything . i'll die . lmao i just fixed something . before sending the ss
User 2: good enough . wait i'll read . okau . why do you feel you wrote that today
User 1: yeah so i was thinking about that only . and i'm not sure . i was thinking about cute cute gifts that say you or tib or whoever has given me . or that people give to others in general . and idk i was thinking about sohan . and this one time . he legit gave me a store bought card idk i really hate those a lot . but it was def v cute and nice in the moment . and i was ofc grateful . but it's not my thing at all . and i started to think about what leads people to buying store bought cards . what led sohan to buy a store bought card . and idk i guess i exaggerated that a little bit . to write a poem . so legit the card he gave me was inside this red envelope . i know it's in my drawer rn . and i'm legit afraid of even looking at it . is . i wanna get pink hair . anyway i'm gonna go sleep now my cutie . see you vv soon hopefully . take care, be safe . don't do anything to stupid . little stupid is fine . bye bye 
User 2: hi . wait . i was reading your thing . sorry . we kinda got lost inside aamby valley lol
User 1:  .
User 2: bro . why is your sohan thi g so traumatic . he really gets the negative out of you . and that's really not cool . five years i understand . maybe you need to think about why his things bring it out
User 1:  .
User 2: and maybe try to build up on that
User 1: oh yeah 100 it was bad . that's why i ended it
User 2: maybe don't let the past affect you so much . like sort it out in your head no . like take your time
User 1: dude i swear i'm fine when it comes to the sohan shit . i wanted to write a poem . and i was thinking about random shit . and ya, i explained the rest of our . it
User 2: and do it however . cool cool
User 1: areeyy
User 2: i didn't read that . i just got all the messages . cool cool . i won't do anything stupid . love you . i miss you so much . cool popcorns . popcorns is your new name
User 1: pakka it is sort in my head . delete this . thank you
User 2: duh . that's how songs and movies are made
User 1: love you kiddo
User 2: why
User 1: no no no no no
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: yaas . okay i'll delete that if you delete this . pls
User 2: why tel
User 1: ugh i miss you so much more fuck .
User 2: fuck .
User 1: idk popcorn is a weird name
User 2: fine
User 1: okay we are having too many parallel conversations
User 2: no that's how we roll
User 1: multithreading amiritee
User 2: okay this dude is growing  in their house
User 1: hot
User 2: with lights and shit . and it's legal
User 1: lmao
User 2: okay yeah . anushka i miss you . did . jerk only me off okay thanks . okay we here here :') . okay the bungalow is sicko
User 1:  . okie . miss you too
User 2: what did you delete . tel
User 1: so i mainly asked you to delete this cause i dont want to hear a coolcool or anything like that after you tell me something nice like you miss me, simple . arey nothing . accha i'm proper going to sleep now . you have fun my lovee . i have no incentive to stay up
User 2: i won't use that from now on . noted . heheh . okay . all the best to me . night . happy 420 . hey i'm going to sleep now . i'm good . see you soon
User 1:  . what a baller
User 2: oh man
User 1: whatsup ! .  ?
User 2: bro . talking to you about it for so long was so helpful . okay so i fucked up in the middle . and like in the morninf i decided to have a small piece of edible . but it was from the us . so too strong
User 1: about what ? . what happened ?
User 2: so i got a bad bad trip for thirty mins . but then i tried to get myself out of that . and then i puked and felt a bit better . then i chilled for some and slept . but except that . yes fuck it's going to take weeks to yse
User 1: wtf . is haopening . did you do acid ? . dude about what ? ?
User 2: yes this . obviously no . otherwise so weird . i feel like the hungover exhaustion
User 1: wait when did you do it ? . i'm so confused .  ?
User 2: 1ish am . acid . like before
User 1: oh . okay . wtf you did an edible
User 2: dude hash is just mellow
User 1: all okay na ?
User 2: yess . i slept at 9ish . but yeah one intense trip . it was definitely once in a while
User 1: this ? . like health-wise ?
User 2: yes yes i'm good good . dw
User 1: okay cool cool don't wanna disturb . message me whenever . i'm here only
User 2: no . text . wyd
User 1: idek how you sleptt . oh sort sort . phew
User 2: i had to dude
User 1: yaa i agree
User 2: that bt shook me up . okay so throughout the night . in this weather
User 1: dude shit
User 2: i was feeling warm
User 1: tell me about it in detail when you're back . did you enjoy it tho ? . haan
User 2: definitely
User 2: we'll talk all about it if you talk to me in the future . 
User 1: ya ya . for sure
User 2: bro one thing good i did was keep seeing the times . fuck . pretty fun bro
User 1: crazy visuals ? ?
User 2: okay i'm not lying in the downer i was kinda 
User 1: omg hahahah i did the opposite in my last trip . omg 
User 2: so i didn't see a lot in the real world . like environment visual
User 1: accha
User 2: but when digital pictures were fucminng lit . bro i one hour screen recording
User 1: huh
User 2: i have
User 1: whyy .  ? ?
User 2: stimulating af . to see wtf was going on . yeah it was def a good experience
User 1: wait i dont understand
User 2: bro this will take hours
User 1: let it be
User 2: no wait i'll frame
User 1: tell me on the call later on
User 2: so like visual parts in real life like wavy walls and all happened but not to a level y'all described . but when i saw digital art on my phone . that changed a lott . like pictures were gif
User 1: oh . ya
User 2: more we saw at the same picture more different thing s we started noticing . so we were zooming in and all
User 1: yaa
User 2: and voice is there
User 1: yaa
User 2: so then that recording . yeah anushka fucking thank you to teach me whatever . you really made me make my friends also trip properly . but bro more than visuals . starting few hours . was just uncontrollable laughter
User 1: omg hahahahah i'm glad :') . ay cuteess
User 2: like i don't remember the last time for a very long tjme like this that my stomach hurt . you got that ?
User 1: not reallyy . omg hehehehhe
User 2: okay that's because many people . and i got one thing tii seriously . too . the vibe thing . so i told three sober people . okay this is very important
User 1: haan
User 2: so i'll tell later aramsr . but yeah
User 1: okay okay
User 2: fuck i was def  in the downern
User 1: idek how . 
User 2: yeah so i thought about you also during the rripn . trip . so perf
User 1: omg tell tell
User 2: nothing i was thinking about you and how i should pass out . so i started two times . and then stopped thinking that " just passout dude"
User 1: wait what . oh i thought you were nice thinking about me . :
User 2: arre that too . i clicked pictures of trees particularly to show you
User 1: oh cutie . fav fav fav . nature is the fkn best
User 2: this particular picture
User 1: now even i wanna do omg
User 2: yeah okay this range of time idk how long was only you . cos i saw thoda girlish thing in the trees . and since it's so wide . i was getting huge grand visual on the trees . yeah this def . getting sent
User 1: wait haven't gotten the pic yet . oh this is so so pretty 
User 2: oh wait for the pic
User 1: great place to trip
User 2: so you know that mi leaf wallpaper no . leaf ka
User 1: haan
User 2: so we decide over here also he had to do or . so it the downer, i didn't do . they did . but i was there
User 1: oh
User 2: rtrees . r lsd
User 1: accha
User 2: okay i smoked a bit . i feel better now
User 1: hehe . that's sort
User 2: proper post drinking exhaustion
User 1: this is weird thoo
User 2: smoked up a bit rn . maybe because i slept . so kinda in the system
User 1: but just drink a lot of water . and eat well . are your teeth fine ? . cause mg drops on acid and teeth get a little brittle . and you tend to grind your teeth . beware of that
User 2: yes yes i was trained by the fucking pro-est and the baddest bitch i know . bfly . i'm it's good
User 1: omg  . bflyy
User 2: you're putting it in my head now . now if it happens your fault
User 1: okay lmao
User 2: :') . imy .
User 1: i didn't know what was happening to me on my last to last trip with the teeth grinding okay . and i got a little scared . miss you too . you sound fine
User 2: i bite lips . dusro ke . no self hurting . yeah yeah i'm good
User 1: wow
User 2: guess which movie we wtshcing  . sanju . 
User 1: wow . you guys really trip vv differently  . while tib and i eat a hash brown and talk about a strand of my hair and cry . 
User 2: okay no so i realised this thing . remind me to tell you about this ysing thing vs the social trip i'm talking about . to much i thought you dw
User 1: okie
User 2: can't wait to read stephen hawking . i got it here . i want to tell you toh chut
User 1: ya ya tell, both types of trip sounds fun
User 2: why did you delete . don't worry anushka . you're not irritating me at akl . lol
User 1: ya but i didjt mean that i didn't want to hear
User 2: i always know what you want . mean . not wantn . so i was pulling your leg
User 1: okie
User 2: in my every line please just assume 20 of this is happening
User 1: oh accha 
User 2: except when i say cute shit . that is always serious .
User 1: ugh
User 2: and no kidding . like bfly, miss you . love you .
User 1: understood
User 2: which i'm also telling you rn but in a sly way :p
User 1: noted .
User 2: are you okay ?
User 1: oh ya ya ! . sorry . i sounded off over here
User 2: no too many one word replied . i get scared
User 1: ya sowy . i'm gonna be meeting my microsoft friend today
User 2: who
User 1: karan
User 2: i want to know your extravagant plan . hehe
User 1: man nothint . just cafe
User 2: i think you can't live without doing cute things and i like that about you
User 1: ive had too many one on one seshes now  . consecutively
User 2: do with mee . yeah true hahahahah
User 1: actually it's just two lmao . and today is 3rd . let's se . i still haven't told you about the rishabh things . fuck . too nice . in
User 2: add mee too to the list for the 19th night i also want to be included .  . today fel
User 1: oh damn . my grandparents are heree
User 2: ohh how come . now how will you make edibkes
User 1: we'll manage . we knew they were coming
User 2: naughty i love it lovee . oh
User 1: we're leaving on 24th na . so they came
User 2: oh right to many people are coming . alibaugh no ?
User 1: ya
User 2: where but
User 1: some cute airbnb . we've been there before
User 2: :')))))
User 1: it's too pretty
User 2: oh fuck same place . okay that's cute . same placeb
User 1: like not everyone as . has
User 2: i care only about you . so well
User 1: my fam and grandparents have
User 2: okay too much love for you rn
User 1: what happened suddenly ?  . what you thinking . also lookin cute
User 2: nothing . i'm like thoda exhausted . but awake . so i'm not thinking actually . resting a bit head wise
User 1: what you doing now . haan
User 2: i can't stop drinking chai . lol
User 1: hehe
User 2: and hungry af
User 1: dude
User 2: so biscuits
User 1: i've not been having my own coffee . i legit to out every evening . go
User 2: you toh send mann . you don't snap me enough . official complaint .  . t today also
User 1: i look uggo all the time
User 2: did you make today
User 1: no
User 2: you seen me ? . even o do
User 1: you look nice
User 2: but we find that cute about each other so it's fine . i love to look at you
User 1: but i look weird legit
User 2: official complaint dedi . ab aap dekho kya karna hai
User 1: okie
User 2: when you say this i imagine you kinda shrugging your shoulders, sinking your head thoda niche and say it with a cute smile blush type thing . to cute . i'm at tigers point . for food . i'm taking such nice pictures of people
User 1: omg wow  . arey sick sick
User 2: we ate so much hahahha . hi . what's up . did you meet up with your friendd finallyy . such shit net . okay i'm not texting slow . bad network . hi okay i got hotsn . are you out ? . so i kept this promise i think . okay so im too sensitive to dark green color . and our old yellow light
User 1: okay hi hi . omg tell . yas just got back from that . okay yum . finallyy
User 2: junk only
User 1: ya ya no problems here yet
User 1: whyy
User 2: what is this yet
User 1: why . 
User 2: arre like not sensitive like after the trip because these two were very intense nice for me . tel
User 1: oh accha accha tell mee
User 2: hiw was it
User 1: arey just kidding chill chill
User 2: arre no like i liked those the most and my friend and i were vibing and he induced those color by saying it . tell me
User 1: aw . it was nicee . but i think my expectations are too high after my crazy moment w rishabh . wait i'll message you in 5-10
User 2: you didn't tell me anything . i want to hear all this eventhough i'm on a trip . i'm enjoying here but doesnt mean i don't want to listen to you and have good conversations and have fun with you too . you know i'll reply only whenever i can so what's the problem . you don't say only . yeah this is what long distance feelswill always feel like . but anyway . tell me everything no . i want ti know the meaning of that "but" . okay i'm good . chalo text me whenever . okay sorry for being clingy i'm not like this okay . 
User 1: dude i wanna tell you on call like properly you know how in detail i go i cant do that on text and i cant call now also . omgg ugh i like you too muchh
User 2: fair
User 1: i'm sorry . reallyy
User 2: but mainly :p
User 1: ya ikk . ya this also on call . can i send voice notes ? . not now but later ? . okay wtf i didn't think this at all . but ty for saying and not deleting . promisee i don't find you clingy, i find you opposite of clingy . stfu ty .
User 2: yes wohi toh hum keh rahe hai . yep
User 1: okay done done
User 2: fu delete mann . okay no idc
User 1: dude i love this pic too muchh
User 2: good enough for me . hehe bfly
User 1: this toh too much . this also
User 2: i want to know storh behind the pictures
User 1: not always good opposite especially when you say coolcool after saying something nice . im so happy you asked cause there is onee
User 2: i like your smile here more . yeah no i said i won't do no
User 1: god .
User 2: i haven't done it a single time since then fu
User 1: best 
User 2: you know it's a joke because itna jaldi it stopped . i already know .
User 1: agreed
User 2: we vibe too hard bro . i know what's in your head . all the time .
User 1:  . dude i was in this building party thing . and i went to get some food for my grandparents . and legit at the chaat stall a dude started hitting on me
User 2: huh . o
User 1: some christmas party bs . like that's why i said i'll message later
User 2: how did the flirting go
User 1: he legit asked if id go for coffee w him . at the chaat stall . i said id message later because i was talking to dadi and getting her food fuck you . fkn sick . 
User 2: how would you have his number . elaborate
User 1: what ? ? . he was there . at the chaat stall . not via message . cause i wasnt flirting
User 2: id message later ?
User 1: cause i had gone to the chaat stall . to get the food . and was leaving my phone . cause i had to hold the plate . and get the food
User 2: oh j thought you told him you'll message later . oh okay got it got it . so what did you tell him when he asked for coffee 
User 1: no man . this is what i hate about texting 
User 2: tell me about the i don't like being left without knowledge and left being thoda jealous :p
User 1: i said i was leaving the city soon . and going on a fam trip . and don't have time at all . didn't send you rishabh's pics that i clicked 
User 2: hot . would do threesome with you 2 .
User 1: yaa
User 2: or maybe hey i'm kinda with someone .
User 1:  . in in in . oh shit sorry . like he was in my school . so i kind of knew him . not really . just spoke once or twice . and it was the coffee thing . so if i'd said this he could've been like, "oh i just meant to like chill and catch up" . and then i cant say the family rhing
User 2: cool . where are you drinking loll . since when are you a gin and tonic girl
User 1: bro . don't
User 2: message didn't get delivered i swear  . your story is actually what would have happened and you knew it . even i didn't think of that lol
User 1: since i drank w rishabh that day . you learn from
User 2: oh bro . i should have had with you . vidit harshit and i used to go to country inn for beer and gnt
User 1: yaas . so him and i had bombay sapphire . it's his fav thing ever
User 2: oo . nice taste . it's actually too nice
User 1: yas . i loved it
User 2: dude mid day tipsy followed by sutta at the lake . okay yeah i'm excited to hear about your day with hkm
User 2: where you drinking thoo . are you still at the party ?
User 1: house only
User 2: oh
User 1: with family
User 2: okay okay . aw . too cutee . saturday night plans oho
User 1: hahaha . i think i'll ask my dad for  .  . abhi nahi . a little later
User 2: oh man . my gie girl . i'm scared of her sometimes . she's too into s you know
User 1: yeah ik you're into it .
User 2: ish . why will i want such a long term partner . i need sundar and sucheel ladki
User 1: stfu . you find this hot don't lie . oh bro . i'm such a shame . i'm tripsu . check out apun bola by shah rukh khan, hema sardesai, anu malik  nitin raikwar on amazon music
User 2: too many times heard it last night . a lot of hindi music with my school peeps . we tripped on anu malik for a short time during the controllable laughter phase . hahahahhaha . still wanna do  ? :p
User 1:  .  . ofc
User 2: uncontrollable . oh man . okay i'll try video calling if i get decent net . or phone call . when you're free tell me . hehehe i want to talk for a bit
User 1: ya i got that i'm smart . nobody ever says controllable laughter . what a vutie
User 2: so this is post lsd trip feeling which isn't going and k don't want it to go because i like it, feeling is that imytm .
User 1: yeah i'm  drunk now that i talk to you . will do . ay my cutie . ugghh . meet me
User 2: idm continuing . hey sexy . 23fd confirm or after you come then i'll meet you a lot
User 1: oh shit . i'm so drunk . and i went to the kitche . and started making myself a drink . and papa started kaughing . and i put too much gin . and papa was laughing more . and he was gonna pour it back in the bottle . and guess what i said . "mama didn't raise no pussy" . he was sitting on the floor laughing .  . dude i have no filter . i'm such a cunt
User 2:  . oh man . when youre drunk you're cute . af . i love to eat that cunt . quite a yummy cunt
User 1:  . i can't believe i said this tho  . dude i'm really pushing this relationship w my parents  . oh bro . i'm so fkd . i get v hot hot on alcohol . and get a little sweaty . despite the fact that i was freezing and wearing a jacket . just a few minutes . ago
User 2: lol . yeah happens . i want that . too jealous . and cool for you . i'm so happy . haha skip the  . or you'll passout in the hall only . no no so everything . send me selfie . want to see your fucked face
User 1: no i will do 100 you wait
User 2: ha that's what lol . do
User 1: dude i just did kathak for them . they died 
User 2: you can't not dance anymore while drinking . that deetee is embedded in you now . man you haven't showed me your dance . i hope they're taking videos 
User 1:  . nah they didn't take but now they're screaming at me for not performing in manipal fuck what did i do
User 2: yeah you had so many years of practice . somewhere you could havee . fucking hell . you didn't because of aisec ?
User 1: okay shush . i don't really like performing as much
User 2: yeah man what did you do
User 1: i like smaller crowds . cause i've already done those huge crowdss . idk
User 2: you don't do it when we are alone also so kya hi bole
User 1: smaller crowds is more intimate . are
User 2: yeah youve told md
User 1: like i like seeing what people are feelingg . it helps me figure out what to do next
User 2: bro that day you started talking your foot and i lost it . yeah you're fucking good . oho too talented man
User 1: oh man no no . i barely remember . stuff
User 2: so many unique new new conversations with parents i love it . stfu
User 1: like i knew much more before
User 2: still . sab pata hai . ladki bright hai
User 1: like there was a song playing and i always follow whatever the tabla is doing . so i just caught onto that
User 2: ohh
User 1: oh bro . my mom and i are bonding too muxh
User 2: about
User 1: music and stuff . she's just as crazy . as me . when it comes to this
User 2: and you're crazy crazy
User 1: and this lyric came . and we both immediately looked at each othwr . and just hugged
User 2: oh man . alcohol is a beautiful bonder . chal you text when you're free you enjoy
User 1: and i kind of teared up . it was from this song . arziyan
User 2: figured :p
User 1: from delhi six
User 2: line ?
User 1: rn my bro and i are making maggi
User 2: tell this
User 1: o ek khusbu aatee the - (2) . these are the words . and we looked at each other . when he said . mujhe mein he woh khushabu the . we hugged
User 2: oo . bro . yeah . people smell the same . the same smell brings back too many things . okay good line to hug on . cute
User 1: it's not thatt . it's like . i was looking for god . and i found him within me . smell isn't literal . but could be literal . idk . i never took it that way . nor did my mom . like he was looking for that smell (that god) and he found himself loitering around and kept getting stuck . and when he went to god's lane that's when he saw the truth . or some shit . idk . but beautiful shit
User 2: okay i think i need to listen to the thing because i didn't yse that at all like that . never mind . accha text me aramse jaan . get free then
User 1: oh accha
User 2: @919769800994 how much i have annoyed you bitch  . he's trying to reminisce . give bhav toh poor lover
User 1: omg  . okay i'm drunk drunk
User 2: i was wondering the reason for love for parv but now i know  . you go back to the eott night . 
User 1: me drinking and vibhu watching the match on my laptop . stfu .
User 2: aw
User 1: and making maggi for me
User 2: look how you just sitti g hahahhah
User 1: posture zero
User 1: i look too bad 
User 2: still would fuck 1110 times
User 1: ty . needed that
User 2: bfly .
User 1: shit i would never send this pic to anyone . be happy . bfly .
User 2: dude just saying maggi was the first thing i had today in the morning before sleeping like in the downer :') . same pinch ? . you look cute only
User 1: same pinch .
User 2: i toh want a selfie but you'll say you look to fucked to send and look ugly so well . 
User 1: okay wait . i'll go to the washroom
User 2: why does he come tell you and then expects you to go to him . he should try harder . i hope it lasts . lol . the only thing he means by this is he gets to hook up with her when he sees her . lel . but too entertaining thanks
User 1:  . ya don't tell rush and all
User 2: yayy
User 1: idk if he's told her
User 2: yes
User 1: he probably has
User 2: am i getting a selfie or a selfie : . :p
User 1: fuckin slut man . hate ypu
User 1: legit . dont sexualize everything ty
User 2: okay fine noted . everyone is doing their own thing rn kinda . two are playing cricket and i want to get out because they hit me twice already since yesterday . lel . in the house
User 1: man chill don't be mad . oh
User 2: no i got scared because of the caps and meant like okay noted sorry sorry . yeah i hate texting fucks . bro that video on the group  . see me from 0:10-0:12 till i look away . that was me judging parv . and then i was like nvm nvm can't . 
User 1: ya dude same . wait . i told my dad . "dw you're a youth like me" . and he said . "more like a bhooth tbh" .  . cause he's old 
User 2: it's fun to talk to the drunk you  . you talk a lotta unique bs . you deleted this message
User 1: dude my dad is too teippy
User 2: i'm alone and ready for any vns . hehehe . cute . tell
User 1: this only is too trippy . we laughed too much  . cutee
User 1: happy 22nd december . now . i crushed . and he just rolled a j
User 2: oh man . oh man . okay text after the j !
User 1: oh yes . he said . people with fatter fingers can rool better . roll .  . for suree . fuck . i'm excited . bfly
User 2: who knows . you can't roll with your fat fingers
User 1: this means i have thinner fingers you bum . because i can't roll . bitch . hate you
User 2: that's cos you don't got the skill bbg . same pinch
User 1: oh ehit . i . so hig
User 2: yeah you can't type lol
User 1: dude . i'm so high
User 2: we are talking about intense shit . ai and end of the world kinda shit bro
User 1: omg lmao
User 2: we are tripping hard in strains
User 1: fkn
User 2: is your brother doing anything loll
User 1: match . dude . i'm . sohigh
User 2: you're crossfading . of course you'll be too high . hahah i'm glad . it's too much fun . let's see how much you remember
User 1: reply . oh bro . i am smart when i'm high
User 2: since, ?
User 1: i think i'm not as smart in reality . cause i have too many parallel good thoughts
User 1: that i'm never able to strealine
User 2: haha multithreading of course :') smarty
User 1: like today on several occasions my dad and mom legit were stunned . and agreed to what i said . and were so shocked . my mom was legit like wtf
User 2: oh
User 1: i'll tell you what the thought was . later . too much to type
User 2:  about time they think you're not stupid :p . we missed out on too many topics in three days only . to many things to talk about . add to the list lol
User 1: ya . dude . my eyes are so res
User 2: sorry i fell asleep for a second there . res ? . red ? ? . hahahaha
User 1: yds . good . proud . bro my parents and i got major munchies . bro . i can go out for sutta ? . we ate so much . fuck
User 2: nope . hahahaha
User 1: we were snatching food from each other
User 1: i had made maggi na
User 2: okay that's too beautiful
User 1: i kept it for later . to eat after i was high . my mom ate everythin beforw
User 2: didn't last ? 
User 1: so when we got high . she's eyeing my maggi . and we're legit snatching forks . and ims scremaing
User 2: haha
User 1: "i saved it"
User 1: and my dad slyly goes for the methi ka paratha . and my mom is screaming at him now . for taking the next thing she wanted to eat 
User 2: so much food
User 1: we somehow found some oeace . ya fuck . never like that in manipal
User 2: had to happen
User 1: don't be mean
User 1: if i go out i'll be able to video call you
User 2: you're fucked
User 1: i'll wear oversized microsoft jacket
User 2: and it 1:30 . no need
User 1: pls . i'll look ugly
User 2: tomorrow i'll call no
User 1: pls
User 2: shut up that's not the point . no bbg
User 1: man don't stop
User 2: i'll snap you
User 1: ive been out before . at this time
User 2: but on so much booze and  ? . alone ?
User 1: bro i'm better than you think . i'm actually better now
User 2: you do whatever i can't stop you
User 1: oh man . i trip so much on my eyes . crazy how out body reacts to things . in such crazy ways . so chemical
User 2: i can see your eyes bags so loll
User 1: ya man
User 2: so natural
User 1: they don't go . not like i do anything about it . so that's on me . 
User 2: so many messages hidden . behind just one thing . i got thag cream you should have applied
User 1: if you were in mumbai . and i'd asked you to meet me abhi
User 2: we can do it
User 1: would you . :(
User 2: if my parents were asleep and we continued this conversation and you pleaded more and proved that you were serious, . then yes .
User 1: phew tough crowd
User 2: someone's trying to be cute
User 1: someone doesn't really need to try
User 2: ah the drunk confidence . or should i say natural charisma
User 1: yeah this sounds hotter . i'll take one of that
User 2: yes ma'am then it's yours . lol i . and down to see what's the s ene . and everyone is dead . hahahahahha . too smoked out . ah it was a good bachelors
User 1: oh shit  . yaas
User 2: but i wanted better net
User 1: good going
User 2: so that fucking messages would go faster to you
User 1: yeah fu
User 2: and i could video call you for a bit
User 1: jen
User 2: fuk . hi
User 1: okay died rn this is cute
User 2: okay i'm smitten . khikhikhi
User 1: hehehhehe . we voth soosososoos 
User 2: i'm glad we're equally baked at least at the same time
User 1: when you sent that snap
User 2: almost as if i was  with you
User 1: i'd just finished the j
User 2: just not good enough . that was soo long ago
User 1: fuckk
User 2: fullstop . sorry i high so forget oops . i stupid
User 1: cute
User 2: wyd
User 1: i'm yhinking of meeting sohan . ya i think i'll message him
User 2: go . how come suddenly . oh i thought y'all were already talking
User 1: idk justy . i want to smoke . can't go alone
User 2: smarter . textt
User 1: but yeah it would be chill to meet him . the first time i ever snuck out of home . was for him
User 2: cutess . do . it will get high back too :p . and then home and music
User 1: yaa . ya
User 2: i love how you're drunk and high but still woh sutta toh chaiye
User 1: ofc yaar . banta hi hai
User 2: hehe and you'll have drunk convos too :p . my manipal girl :')
User 2: what did he sayy
User 1: ya he's coming . he stays like ten minutes by walk grom me
User 2: you wash your face and all and get ready
User 1: oh yeah i'm high . no dude
User 2: how suddenly
User 1: if i wash high will get mellow . idk . bro i like to look a ugly at this time if i go out . it's fuck all . but yeah i do it
User 2: next time meet also then when you look ugly don't hide :pp
User 1:  . okay fone
User 2: we called you ugly simultaneously
User 1:  . my life . is sad
User 2:  . i like the raw anushka . what is all make up and all . i like the one who hasn't washed her high face and has her hair all messy and is smiling all the time
User 1: ininin . if you likenit . and it's my natural state . that's peef . perf . yay
User 2: yeah this is perf .
User 1: hehe . dude . i'm high high .
User 2: the sutta is about to add one more high to it
User 1: i wanna eat more wtf .  . fuck
User 2: i'm having biscuits and loving it . hey maybe you should try jt . hunt the kitchen down
User 1: nah i'm goijg our abhi . maybe have there
User 2: check the shop . if something attracts your attention . buy the first thing
User 1: yesh
User 2: leaving ? . text me after he drops you back okay
User 1: will do . left . yo . where are you
User 2: hi
User 1: idk if your phone internet sucks or mine . okay it's yours
User 2: mine
User 1: oh fuck i really am taking risks being out this late
User 2: you still aren't back ? ! . sohan left ?
User 1: no no . just got baci . ya ya
User 2: haan toh fine . as long as you're in the house
User 1: yup
User 2: it's chill
User 1: what did you do
User 2: i took a power nap 
User 1: did i wake you up ! ? ? . fuck i'm so high even now dude
User 2: i kept it in loud in purpose
User 1: too intense . okayy cutiee bfly .  .
User 2: how was the outtjng
User 1: really chill . nice conversations . chill stuff . i want food dude . fuckk . what is wrong w me
User 2: you didn't buy anything to eat naughty
User 1: nothing was open . 
User 2: so are we directly entering the kitchen
User 1: i'm really thinkijg . cause its 3:40 .  . don't go offline . :'(
User 2: doesn't matter . we go to the kitchen . start hunting . must get food into youu
User 1: pakka ? 
User 2: yeah man food . and home always has something for four am night . trust me
User 1: hehehhehe . i want cornflakes . 
User 2: oh fuck . yes . perfect texture
User 1:  . really ? . 
User 2: okay yeah you're smart . yeah man . you won't be able to stop
User 1: yaa . wifey material right here
User 2: out
User 1: man hate you
User 2: but cornflakes man . i agree . my auto-correct acts silly sometimes oops
User 1: better . making it now !nn
User 2: no . have it without the milk . be that kind of glutton
User 1: omg . i already added milk and all . and am jeating ait
User 2: bon appetit
User 1: i'll watch modern family okay ?  . love tjay you understand
User 2: how come modern family
User 1: i don't have to think too much . while wtaching it . and it's cute
User 1: and wholesome
User 2: sofia man . she kills me . argh . okay . watch chalo
User 1:  . aw . oh man sounds like heavenn
User 2: man one day . hey let's stay out cool thanks .
User 1: hehehehhee . tu wahan mai yahan
User 2: tum na meri bahon mai, . 
User 1: dead . hi fuck . i think i should sleep  . chal gn ! 
User 2: hello
User 1: talk to you kal
User 2: goodnight
User 1: oh you're here !
User 2: on call man . always ready for some anushka time . i'm greedy like that
User 1: heheheheh
User 2: you sleep bbg . 
User 1: ya fuck . finally . all your fault
User 2: fuck you
User 1: bye gn . tc
User 2: sorry i didn't let you complete oops
User 1: safe driving tomorrow also
User 2: yes yes always
User 1: goor . good . see you soon
User 2: hopefully sooner then soon . bye
User 1: dude . i had an idea
User 2: tell
User 1: idk if it's cool . or stupid
User 2: this
User 1: in modern family they never explain why these people are talking to the camera na ? . i was thinking . maybe they reveal later . that there is this family tradition . where each of them . record themselves . and at the end of they . the year . they watch these clips together . and laugh
User 2: oh fuck . i hope they give some kind of reason like in office . but yeah
User 1: ya
User 2: families me liye this makes so much more sense
User 1: i thought this would be too cute
User 2: it's over na ? ? . aww it is .
User 1: idk . accha i'm gonna sleep now !
User 2: yeah you think cute little things . gn
User 1: exactly ! . that's why i thought . it's barely ever intersecting
User 2: haley might be watching it every year and must have been like ah maybe next year i won't be stupid and then lol . how do i wake up so early everyday
User 1: i'm up to
User 2: you ought to be still intoxicated . or your body is too pro
User 2: the helper here just made chai
User 1: of wowowowow
User 2: it's not a competition, but yeah i win :p
User 1: so pretty . omfg
User 2: someone been naughty enough to use this for crushing . video call for 5 ?
User 1:  . should put as insta story . nah w the fam . house is too crowded now
User 2: o yeah too many people lol . i like a chirpy house during breakfast . hehe
User 1: yaa . and my house ain't that big also . lmao
User 2:  that's why the bathrooms exists, like the drunk high you figured out last night :p
User 1: okay wtf was last night 
User 2: fruitful conversations that at least i remember
User 2: oh we already crushing . just me and maaz are up lol
User 1:  . bro
User 2: gmm
User 1: i was trying to do too much last night . i wanted to play cod also
User 2: your night was long long so you need to specify times 
User 1: that's the only thing i didn't do :'(
User 2: you actually did achieve a lot in the last 24hours . hehehe . it's fine . today
User 1: oh bro . i'm bored
User 2: before . after
User 1: hehehehhehe
User 2: and then when i was done i told him i'm a jain and he was stunned .
User 1: omg  . looks too nice fuck
User 2: how's it goingg . sup
User 1: those are what flakes
User 2: the diet ones :
User 1: ya sucks to be you . i slept to much abhi . mom and dad tried to wake me up . and i almost cried . 
User 1: and i told them . "i was up till late and eating corn flakes cause i was so high pls let me sleep" . and they didn't know about the cornflakes thing . so they were damn shocked  . wheat . too . after i said this . they asked me what else i did . i told them, "i was eating something so i had to watch something, so i watched modern family"
User 2: and i met sohan for sutta . and drunk called jenit . lol . hello . we leaving from the bungalow niw
User 1: omg no way i can say that  . safe journey my boy
User 2: what sunday plans . grandparents are over so what are y'all doing as a fam
User 1: we were chilling abhi . random stuff . at night my dad's cousin sisters family is coming over . to meet my grandparents
User 2: wow . are they cool or do they not do sm  . oh your social battery . is going to go to shit  . argh love it
User 1: na not cool . i'm playing cod rn to revive it
User 2: oh man you cheater . i need to increase my level fucks . i'll do tonight . and when you're on the trip muhahahah . food mall has all the cuisines i'm so confusedn . i want coffee . ganga jamuna . chaats . subway . kfc . arghh . okay i'll become sick i can't . do you say chikki
User 1:  . fo i'll also play then w my cousins . they also love cod . yaa wtf . huh ?
User 2: like . yeah be that anti social bitch in family meets . ew turn off . spend quality time talking and not cod . let me increase my level 
User 1: nah legit hate chikki 
User 2: oh man . you no fun only . break up
User 1: :( . mango
User 2: okay fine nevermind i don't like this game
User 1:  ?
User 2: because you're right in the first go . and that's not cool
User 1: omg  . hahahhaha so cute . oho
User 2: i'm ten mins away from homee . oh got kill that cod
User 1: omgg .  ? ? . walking ri rn
User 2: gotta kill that cod . where to
User 1: lmao . try me
User 2: come bitch . i shoot your face bitch in one shot one kill . fucking come at me bro
User 1: heheheheh hott
User 2: where you going butt
User 1: walking rio . back now
User 2: dude i feel you get most alone time without question only when you walk him hahaha . i'm homee . this is during the downer so thats why i look thoda worn out
User 1: w vibhu . ay how does it feel . so cute . na you look fine only
User 2: yeah but with brother is fine . good enough internet to talk to my luv . i look ten years older . the t-shirt man
User 1: ya ya . the more the daddy feels the better amirite 
User 2: not for me .
User 1: ya dude wtf 
User 2: if it works for you then well
User 1: i'm jk-ing chil
User 2: good for me . okay so just recapping what we missed: . cool cool i ready whenever and free finally
User 1: wait what's the first one ? . so cute man
User 2:  . like if it didn't mean mean anything it's fine 
User 1: idek how you remember this . after so many s  . i don't 
User 2: tumhe bulahna payuga . aur tumhari baate . it's chill then only three things
User 1: okay cod w my vro
User 2: can i play i'm online lel
User 1: ya i was trying to add you
User 2: send . sorry i
User 1: you're not getting my invite it what . fine add me . i'll add my brother
User 2: last game was so bad . omg . one kill
User 1: shame on you 
User 2: yeah you wait now arghh . don't embarrass in front of your nro
User 1: okie . oh bro . i played too bad . leaving now okay . like leaving the cod lobby
User 2: lol
User 1: don't you dare lol
User 2: noo . like i was embarrassed enough . good to know about of us are bad enough . thanks for not leaving me :p
User 1: what do you type
User 2: both  . arghh swipe typing sucks . sorry for . that
User 1: swype
User 2: swipe
User 1: swype . but i played well in the beginning . and you played well in the end
User 2: oh all of us are using the same games  . finally
User 1: huh
User 2: guns
User 1: sometimes i think i'm stupid . yaa
User 2: okay i'm not using swype typing
User 1: and then i realise you can't type
User 2:  . but you'll still like me if i can't type right
User 1: legit i've sent so many huhs and  ? ? . umm i try
User 2: i'm telling you it's the phone . before you didmdtt .  . don't try then . easier for both of us to move on from there
User 1: easy for me . not so easy for you
User 2: it's fine now i know probable hookups in blore already . shouldn't be a problem . you're free .
User 1: if you mean dikshita i'll legit not talk to you . yeah i'm not talking to you . bro fuck off .
User 1: nah . not cool .
User 2: i didn't even mean that  . wtf 
User 1: okay .
User 2: okay ?
User 1: yeah, bye .
User 2: bye . okay i can't act cool and not bothered anymore . hi i'm sorry . i was joking noo
User 1: okayy
User 2: well that was easy . where's the fight
User 1: yeah
User 2: chalo i'll talk to you at night . text when you fre
User 1: no no talk to dikshita . : . such a cunt yaar jen . we gon stone today . okay you don't get to be mad at me i didn't say i was gonna hook up w my ex
User 2:  . i'm not mad guests are over so i just thought it would be easier
User 1: shutup . i wa splaying cod
User 2: i wish . i'm still blocked what to do .
User 1: it's so many people
User 2: oh man whatta snake
User 1: man . no w you only man . they were there
User 2: bfly  .
User 1: when i was playing . bro . i'm actually pissed .
User 2: oh
User 1: actually . don't piss me off more .
User 2: with grandparents to wooho . okay okay . pakka won't .
User 1: you don't want me to get started .
User 2: sorrs
User 1: no way pagal hai kya
User 2: maybe indo ? . i do ?
User 1: yeah cool . i'll keep that in mind
User 1: unblocked . i have a cute date idea . we can scroll on askreddit . and answer the questions . to each other
User 2: woah . i didn't expect something so nice but yes . in
User 1: yeah i'm back to being a bit pissed .
User 2: after getting unlocked i mean . i thought i would still have to apologise . arre i didn't doubt the idea 
User 1: you give me shit if i talk about naveen or whatever .
User 2: i expected you only to be agitated . noo . oh man . no
User 1: and i did stop overal
User 2: which i asked you not to . because i just had a doubt that is it weird so i asked you . and we cleared it . ishh
User 1: ya . but it did hurt you
User 2: i don't want you to not talk about your ex's and friends . no
User 1: fine fine
User 2: i felt at the start you kinda compared me a bit . like not compare that better or worse just that oh you do this thing this way, my so and so ex did it this way . and that's still weird lol .
User 1: okay sorry that was a  move on my part . shouldn't have said that
User 2: but normal talks i told you don't stop, because that makes things weird for me because of this  . na there ain't to  moves . but id you've ssaid something then you listen to everything i say about it koo . lol . yeah that's it i'm done . it's chill
User 1: huh
User 2: it'll just make things clear that are already clear so no harm
User 1: sorry it came out that way
User 2: like you have to listen to me rant lol . about the topic . ranting done :p
User 1: oh bro you've compared me to dikshita so much when it comes to sexual shit
User 2: yeah now it's fine :p
User 1: can you type this again i still don't get it
User 2: no i said i do this with her and i want to do the same with you because that's what i have always done during sex . so not exactly compared
User 1: okay co . maybe you don't remember
User 2: na there ain't to  moves . but if you've said something (like start the naveen thing rn) then you listen to everything i say about it (the clarification that i gave you have to listen to it all) .
User 1: okay
User 2: tell me  . maybe i actually don't and yes it's not cool to compare especially sexually . so i want to apologise
User 1: oh i'm not bringing that stuff back . not now . how do you not remember idek
User 2: what exactly  . maybe i do but in my mind it was normal because you didn't react
User 1: i didn't react
User 2: which is why it's not there on the top of my head
User 1: because i thought i shouldn't be reacting . like it hurt me but i thought it shouldn't hurt me
User 2: i want you to be you man . don't hide shit . oh man . okay fine yeah i'm sorry  . i really am . i wouldn't compare you in such a way and try to insult you even unknowingly . i'm sure i was joking but yes i shouldn't have . at the start i did pull your leg too much
User 1: dude you've always been that way when it comes to sexual shit . v off about me . like, ik i'm kind of weirdstupid most of the time, but if that doesn't work for you, i'm not gonna hold you back . i kind of mentioned this that day outside homemade . yeah .
User 2: what does
User 1: oh god i hate talking about thiss
User 2: i love the weird awkward you what are you saying . just like couples . talking
User 1: idkk like an air of "yeah ik shit you don't know anything hope you know that" idk . yeah i can feel that now a bit but it was worse before
User 2: okay yeah i definitely remember this but just so you know, that was the purpose over confidence that i was trying to show and hoping you see the "extra" part and have a laugh and mock me back . oh man . fuck . i'm really sorry .  . bro you stupid or what . you think i know everything in bed 
User 1: how tf can i mock you ?
User 2: have you seen my ugly face
User 1: when you're being confident . and i'm not that person . yeah i cannot do that
User 2: oh okay so i swear one more reason for this was because you found it hot ? i thought you did a bit
User 1: i can't mock people's physical features, like i dont even look at that or think of that
User 2: arre just mocking in the moment kinda thing . but okay i get it
User 1: nah i just can't do it as a joke either
User 2: man when i did think you were just a hookup of course i wanted to be more confident than i am . and spending so much time with me now you know we are at par in the bedroom
User 1: man idek
User 2: but yes, for before, i'm truly sorry 
User 1: yeah let's stop this conversation . yeah but we don't need to have this fkn conversation cause we're not even that . and it's so pissing off .
User 2: i kinda wanna continue this later to clear it out from my side and want to know your side that you didn't show it to your hookup (me) at the time .
User 1: pissing off that we're not that . yeah you've legit told me on a video call that you preferred it w dikshita . idk if you remember that
User 2: bro why would i tell you that directly and not mean it as a joke . a fucking lame ass shit joke that i am actually sure i laughed after, but a shit joke without a doubt . but yeah . fuck . that's not cool at all
User 1: yeah you joke a lot .
User 2: yeah i need to grow up there . okay anushka this wasn't cool at all . i agree with you . i am quite embarrassed rn . and i'm sorry that i hurt you .
User 1: and as always, i thought i should be the person cool w it .
User 2: if you aren't you aren't, if you'd reacted do you think i would tell behind your back to my friends oh man she's getting clingy and annoyed that i talk about dikshita . of course not, it's not nice to be compared to anyone . and that's why i wanted to know your side . yeah i completely fucked up there and today as well .
User 1: i thought it was something i should be cool w
User 2: i would never fuck her over you . if that makes a difference in the middle of this convo . don't jn the future with anyine . don't think wrong things . and i'm sorry anushka . it's not cool . moreover it's very derogatory . and i'm sorry .
User 1: and i thought it was stupid insecure of me to be hurt by it
User 2: true but if you're hurt then you are . that's who you are .
User 1: but i think the insecurity stemmed because of how it was in the beginning .
User 2: and today i said it because you said you'd get over me and i wouldn't . that went outta hand . fair enough . and i'll change it in future .
User 1: to clarify, i was joking . sorry if it was misinterpreted .
User 2: off course i knoe . that's why i joked as well . i know you like me as much as i like you and you're really invested in us . because same . but yeah i'll keep such jokes for bitches . and treat princesses like they ought to be .
User 1: lmao
User 2: i can assure you dikshita jokes will happen in the future but i promise i won't compare you in anyway because honestly, youve beaten her personality in every possible way since day 1 .
User 1: okay
User 2: and personality matters for me at the end . bfly .
User 1: yeah let's stop this
User 2: this is fun next convo
User 1: yeah
User 2: now you know the reason why i was having the "fkn conversation" .  ?
User 1: noo
User 2: because of this . parv gets to meet sarthak and you don't 
User 1: yaa
User 2: react nibba
User 1: idk what to sayy
User 2: then let me show how much i like you now . by this meme
User 1: oh god . im gonna throw up . dude i'm legit solving the physics stuff my bro is solving  . it's so much fun but he's flexing like a bitch . cause i dont remember so much
User 2: okay i hate that you aren't continuing this . but is okay . which chapter . like topic .  . tabhi bhi nahi aata tha 
User 1: tru . ya cause you are continuing w a meme  . a shit meme that too . check insta
User 2: you see the message . i'm using the word mohsbbat
User 1: that's the cute stuff you should send . chee
User 2: uf you hollywood breaks . fine i shall communicate in english . okay fuck fine .
User 1: no
User 2: you're better at cute things so maybe just teach me everything ?
User 1: lmao . i clearly am not 
User 2: i can't compliment you or make fun of your or kiss you on the cheeks in public places . karu kya behen mai bata do . i want to see physics questionss
User 1: oh god .
User 2:  . bro man . are you caught up on hotel transylvania
User 1: stopped solving now lmao . it was current stuff . nope
User 2: told mom i'm going to sleep . she's like sleep here only if you want
User 1: bro if these people don't leave in the next two seconds i'll push them out
User 2: because dad isn't here . 
User 1: aw
User 2: you just want to stone
User 1: ya man . and they've been here since 6 . so not my fault
User 2: yeah but a no came out of my mouth oops . reflex i swear . i want my bed mann
User 1: you should sleep w her . man you really are a cunt . be nicer .
User 2: bro i sweat in that room . like when i wake up in a pool of sweat
User 1: it's okay . one night ain't too bad
User 2: arre i do sleep with heree . but i need to charge myself . exhausting trip . acid trip heheh
User 1: ya recharge tomorrow . or be w her till she sleeps off ?
User 2: she's watching big boss and it isn't going to change and i can't sit there anymore . i was in her room only kabka . she asked me if i spoke to jheal . oo
User 1: okay don't blame you  . omg ya i was gonna ask you about this
User 2: yeah that's not happening . i need my personal space man . i'm not going to entertain anyone when i'm dead inside . she didn't tell me anything . we'll find out later . dude . how do you ask your dad or make a plan to stone . like i would diee . and feel shy lol
User 1: bro from what i can see and tell . they legit don't do it otherwise . and they get excited to do it w me . so i dont ask on weekdays . weekends it just happens . if you've noticed
User 2: you're always high anushka no i haven't noticed . hehehehe . it's eleven man . what are these people still talking about
User 1: finally leaving
User 2: about time
User 1: dude before yesterday when did i stone
User 2: arre you do with your cousins and all also randomly in the middle no . so it's hard to keep track . you only don't stone with me . you just use me to get to s and then bounce
User 1: ya so that they don't know about 
User 2: ik . start crushing . ain't no time to waste
User 1: it's already rolled  . some mad patience
User 2:  . when
User 1: idk today toh i disnt even ask for it
User 2: aw
User 1: bro this is some good shit . yesterday i was so fkd . i hope i dont do a sutta run 
User 2: thats because alcohol to
User 1: yeah let's see today
User 2: stay at home like a nice girl and don't smoke cigarettes . uf . i'm ready for the only high anushka hehe . jk
User 1: man you just got back from some major bender
User 1: oh yes
User 2: sorry no . chalo do your bye byes and crack the j outty . oh man . i'm jealous
User 1: bye byes done . okay leaving my phone for charging
User 2: you already know what time it is
User 1: brb after 
User 2: ok . okie
User 1: hi . it's britney bitch . come online you slut
User 2: oops i passed out . please be there love
User 1: :( . fuck i had a crazy dream . you nupur sohan were there and more i cant remember . there was some event idk what . and we were at my grandparents house in nagpur . you and nupur were on the top floor . in this one room . and sohan and i were in the kitchen talking about something . now it gets weird . kitchens is on the ground floor . ya so he tries to kiss me  . and i'm furious . i start storming out . and i'm screaminy at him . and i was going up the stairs to reach you . nupur was also there
User 2: gm
User 1: and she was dressed up for the event . in some black top black shorts top tucked in the shorts and she had polka dots all over her . like the dots were on her skin also
User 2: avatar . same wtf
User 1: colourful dots . it was really cool . but i didn't notice them and i went to hug her . and we hugged . but then even she remembered she has dots all over her . and she pushes me away slowly . and whispers in my ears
User 2: why the fuck am i still just standing
User 1: "they'll be all over you now" . and im looking at myself . getting enveloped in these dots . so weird . bro i'm surprised i remember all this
User 2: like sexually ? or like emotionally over you ?
User 1: the weirdest shit was seeing all of you in my paternal home . the dots that were on herbwill be on me
User 2: and me no kissing you and just standing there ? ?
User 1: ya
User 2: oh dots
User 1: that's also weird .  . so weird omg
User 2: ya you go kiss sohan only uff
User 1: ya that's your take from the story . fuckk . i feel so tired after waking up . and apparently my brother tried to wake me up twice . and i told him . "yeah i'm busy can't talk now" . 
User 2: cutiee . what exactly should be the take 
User 1: no take from the story
User 2: oh man . fucks . beautiful
User 1: this dream is legit so shitty  . what's up w youu . oh oh . gm . 
User 2: gm  . so i kinda got startled in the middle of the night
User 1: what happened ? ?
User 2: like i woke up and my mom was just sleeping next to me . that also ulta
User 1: okaay
User 2: so her legs were at my face level
User 1: haan
User 2: and then in the morning also she left early . i think she was trying to be sneaky . that oh i toh didn't sleep only
User 1: you slept next to her only ? :')
User 2: has but in my room
User 1: acchaa . okaay
User 2: and i spoke to my sister . she didn't talk to her
User 1: haan
User 2: she may come over today
User 1: oh what . okaay
User 2: because of the protests her area was fuckedn
User 1: accha
User 2: okay i wanna go and check if the  is there 
User 1: what about this ?
User 2: time for some spy shit
User 1: omg . 
User 2: idk just observation . man i kept my phone on loud . next time call me . last night . i wanted to talk to the high you . chut
User 1: jealous that you can actually wake up like that . oh ya . why didn't i call . i thought you proper slept off
User 2: you sent me britney messages shithead . toh ?
User 1:  . you needed sleep alsp . that's why
User 2: arre toh i wouldn't wake up now . i would have woken up at 12 . aisho . tell me about  and then after that
User 1: wait wait
User 2: okay okay
User 1: hi . dude . i get too smart on  . legit . we spoke about papa's career thingy
User 2: hahaha you've told me
User 1: and how he feels less driven for things he loved at one point
User 2: cos he's remote ?
User 1: like he loves reading and poetry and physics all . but he's always so tired . at the end of the day . so we were discussing what he can do . the options . and we spoke spoke . mom slept off she was vv tired . dad also slept off . then i spoke to my brother a little bit . he doesn't know we stone okay
User 2: huh how
User 1: like he doesn't know about smoking it
User 2: dont y'all stone in the hall
User 1: no . never
User 2: wtff
User 1: in my parents room . never ever have we  in the hall
User 2: according to your brother you've never smoked a j with your parentsm  .  ? . oh
User 1: no no . he knows we have . but he doesn't know how much . 
User 2: even your parents don't know how much you have lol . continue
User 1: okay  . so somehow even i pulled off the sober act . and we had fun conversations . and he remembered there was ice cream that the guests got . so we go and get it
User 2: oh man
User 1: and both of us don't know how to open that box  . i watched a youtube video .  . and i'm laughing so much . apparently there was chocolate ice cream that these bitches finished . only chikoo was left . then we watched modern family for some time
User 2: fucking guests man hate them . oh man i didn't want to miss out on this last night
User 1: wyd . did you check the  ?
User 2: nah mom and dada are in the room doing some work
User 1: acchaa
User 2: man my dadi is such a shit human . like she doesn't know how to talk to someone whose so sick and old like my dada . she's so discouraging . like oh you can't do this oh you keep forgetting oh shut up . that bitch . she's literally hated in the society because she sits outside the temple when she has nothing to do and torments kids . like it's his fucking choice . cod wootwot
User 1: omgg . wtf . paternal grandparents na . this is too sad . i think all you can do is be extra supportive on your side
User 2: yes . my maternal ones are to chill . like they are very religious but at least i laugh with them
User 1: aw
User 2: i've been nice only this vacation
User 1: ya ya
User 2: my mom asked me rn do you know i came and slept next to you last night
User 1: i'm not saying you've been horrid  . okay this is too cute
User 2: you've been to me  . i said oh . when . i didn't know
User 1: aw don't cry
User 2: and she's like yeah i woke up early and left
User 1: what a scam jen . 
User 2: ab tum aise treat karoge then how to smile . i'm telling her what she wants to hear man
User 1: maybe you do that w me also
User 2: duh . thank god you know . no i can't be mean after yesterday
User 1: good idea
User 2: no anushka i mean everything i tell you . truly . okay just asking . like were we done done with the conversation or were you done with it and hence we stopped .
User 1: no no i'm pretty sure we were done done from my side, wby ?
User 2: yep . man not her
User 1: okie . hehe . so when i went to walk rio w my brother . i took some pics
User 2: shokw me
User 1: it's kinda scary naa . we were just looking around for snakes
User 2: maybe if you had my camera . uff . all these bad phones i tell you . wtf . why 
User 1: cause these places always have snakes 
User 2: oh oh we saw a snake egg outside the bungalow
User 1: ooh
User 2: so does aamby valley
User 1: you know rishabh loves snakess
User 2: but don't be a weird mogli
User 1: like loves snakes
User 2: ew . like they don't do anything
User 1: yeah he'd kill you if you told him that
User 2: well i like parv . now will rishab like me . cos i'm liking a snake ? ?
User 1: ooh . dude . you know how i stand . while smoking . w one leg up
User 2: ha . of course lol . while anything tbh but go on
User 1: hehe . guess what happened . when i was smoking w rishabh that day . the moment we reached the s . and started smoking . we both lifted our leg up simultaneously  . he also stands like that . 
User 2:  . that's so weird 
User 1: ya
User 2: oh fuck okay so we talking talking today
User 1: and we're just vv surprised
User 2: i'm happy
User 2: well yeah !
User 1: and he's like, "everyone makes fun of me for standing like this in college also" . and i was like, "omg same !" . and we died
User 2:  . aw . bffs
User 1: cause i legit don't know anyone else who does it 
User 2: it is comfortable but you need support da
User 1: ya but that's the fun part . once you have the support it's perfect
User 2: oh man you look like a hot ram dev baba when you do it
User 1: okay . wow
User 1: idk if i should be happy . or sad
User 2: the ram dev i'd fuck so well
User 1: yeah i'll choose sad
User 2: no
User 1: ohkay . imy . forty-seven boulevard de la republique
User 2: imy2
User 1: oh bro i'm getting like chillss
User 2: oh man everything is 20mins awah max ! . whhy
User 1: cause i'm so close to going to pariss . yeah but it's twenty mins by car 
User 2: so you run fast okay  . okay then get only the good chills . it's going to be soo fucking legendary next semester . please don't forget to snap me .
User 1: o . ofc i won't
User 2: i'll make sure we have a streak till you go so you will have incentive not to break it
User 1: i'll keep taking cycles . and go around . and see what's around
User 2: because when you find a toy boi then who is jenit
User 1: yess
User 2: buy one i suggest . how far is work ?
User 1: actually makes sense . thirty minute walk
User 2: yeah fifteen minutes if cycling is fine
User 1: yepp
User 2: oh shit you'll lose weight also
User 2: oh fuck someone is coming back looking like a treat . dessert if i mau
User 1: omg lmao . wowowoow
User 2: bro .
User 1: i'm gonna get up early and sleep not too late . so that i dont waste the place
User 2: sure  . that's true
User 1: yes
User 2: atleast try to see ten sunrises while you're there 
User 1: omg . way more than that pls
User 2: nothing i'm just to excited for you to be there . and kinda sad you're leaving too . but mostly hapyy . ghanta 
User 1: dude too many people on my insta are in paris
User 2: wtf lol
User 1: at least four people . okay that isn't much . but still
User 2: four at the same time is a big number . fucks
User 1: yeah
User 2: i'll have one person on my insta in paris sonn
User 1: and all are vacationing only . omgg . i wonder who
User 2: not everyone is as talented as you anushka that they'll get a job there . my girl .
User 1: okay smd
User 2: hoping to reach till that stage soon
User 1: okay im gonna take a bath now . i've just been in the bathroom . all this time
User 2: you didn't even snap . ya you're just wasting time . just have a bath ppff
User 1: ep
User 2: hehe cutes . 
User 1: oh hro . bro . remember that dress . white and golden . or blue . what colour did you see
User 2: only blue . you ? . blue black
User 1: samee . oh wait . no no . i saw white and gold
User 2: very clearly . very . man my mom too . do you actually see white and gold ? . not even a time of blue ?
User 1: like the white is slightly blueish . it's like a white that was put in the washing machine w a blue top . and the blue top stained it a little . but if i had to put the colour in a category . it would be whote . white . the gold is too evidejt . bro . my cousin . had read a few of my poems . im dead . another friend of mine from bits goa
User 2: what did he tell . you . woah . wowo . fucks . do it . your voice ohoo . might as well get the words out of the poems you don't mind letting out . fucks . okay also main agenda, can you please read me my poem before you fucking leave . how tf . i can't even tell where you're seeing gold lol
User 1: i think where you see black i see gold . also asked if he could recite my poem during a fest . i think he was sure of this after he heard my acid poem  . have i told you my acid poem
User 2: yep . okay send it to me now . first time i remember i couldn't relate . now i wanna see . you havent told me my poem motherfucker . which one but
User 1: i doubt you'll relatee now . idk . it isn't vv acid specific tbh . so after my first trip, it took me a good week or two to get back into a relatively more normal state . poem i dont remember but he wanted to perform it for waves their cultural fest . but then he decided to bunk the fest altogether so he didn't :0 . :p . i told you that story na where i told this to my dad and cousin brother and my dad straight up asked me if i do psychedelics . cause of how hippie-ish this sounds 
User 2: yeah i felt that something happened for two days . and since it was so mind specific, my brain wasn't thinking for two straight days . i remember this . loll . hahahahha yeah you told me that . but he didn't ask you no if you do . didn't he just say this sounds like acid pooem
User 1: naa he implied that i've done it . and i was all like, "omg no i haven't, i want to though"
User 2: bro i do kinda relate now . the breeze . the closing eyes . a journey i actually never even knew that could exist . my gie baby . okay yeah i definitely relate to it now . you're only a hippie . just need to put bad clothes in you and you'll be good to go . wear one of your oversized tshirts for it lol
User 1: lmao . glad . idk it was a v ethereal feeling idk
User 2: that detached feeling from reality when you are sober the next day and you're just like okay woah that was a freaking ride .
User 1: yeaah . lot of reflection
User 2: yeah i need to discuss it with you so even i grasp everything . i don't want to think everything alone and try and understand it all .
User 1: yeaah you have to
User 2: while i rested
User 1: wru
User 2: in the corner lying down . i had just puked no
User 1: omg
User 2: but dude it wasn't going only hahahahha
User 2: and we took it as soon as we reached the bungalow at night . fuck bro it was too fucking good . okay are you making edibles today
User 1: ay  . use s don't abuse s . yupp . cousins are coming at 3ish
User 2: i wouldn't abuse if you were there so maybe you should always be there anushka . o . okay tell let me know if you're free for a call before that . okay fine the sparrow is lit af
User 1: i'll try calling when it's time to walk rio
User 2: lol was just going to text you . sounds perff
User 1: hehe ya
User 2: manga leta hu
User 1: omg lmao . don't invalidate the few that i have
User 2: i'm not . the only reason i didn't send my face at that time was because i did this to my glasses . paap hai yehh
User 1: oh
User 2: dude finally i'm using a laptop . after exactly one month . 23rd november  . oh fuck i have technology . man i missed this . argh i have to get my shit from the backup . uf . tedious work . that idek how to do . lol .
User 1: omg yay .  . aw . i wish i could help . but i'll be too busy making some brownies 
User 2: oh man . but it's takes too much time of you not doing anythingn . like how many hours are you going to boil it for . or microwave ?
User 1: omgg  . why you so cute huh
User 2: how much  are y'all using . okay so i've never made it seen someone make it . so i wouldn't mind snaps :)
User 1: yeha a lot
User 2: o
User 1: i'll snap the entire process ofc !
User 2: fuck . who knows . you tend to forget me during fun stuff so just putting it out there . m
User 1: bro im too excited now . see the comments of this video i died 
User 2: fuck it's going to take the entitee day . you'll have to make the brownies tomorrow na . i want to see how much  y'all are using
User 1: oh bro . i'm so excited .  !
User 2: that so much  ! . oh my god . is it the normal kind ? . and why did y'all crush it with sieve . you make it small after roasting na
User 1: bro the whole kitchen smells too much
User 2: hahahahahhaha
User 1: just to remove seeds . mainly buds only . yes
User 2: oh man oh man .  ? . yeah you the pro . you know everything . please teach me and make with me someday 
User 1: i saw one video man . 
User 2: but you have the art embedded in your hands . yeah y'all should have left some to stone with .  . rn hahahhaha . tomorrow on the trip who all are coming who eat edibles
User 1: ofc we did
User 2: oh man . too smartt . fucks
User 2: your parents cousins you and ?
User 1: cousins parents . hi . you sleeping i'm guessing . roasting over . gonna do the final crush
User 2: o . don't finish today only hehehhe . hi . no
User 1: we're not having today
User 2: so i think my hard disk is fucked and i'm losing all the backup so that's cool . yes but i know everyone in that house . you say once and everyone will have thoda thoda lol . hehehehhe nicee
User 1: what . fuck . did you have important stuff ? . like something way too important . noo we saving it for the trip
User 2: yeah lol ripp . some is backed up on gdrive . but yeah lol that's why i got the hard disk in the first place . did y'all smoke :p . or everything after the work is done hahahah
User 1: nope . oh sory skry . sort sort . now it's just simmeringg . bro i'm in a mood . to get really dressed up . highlighter and all . but legit i look too bad rn  . but yeah
User 2: hence you must dress up .  . how come . you don't even bother applying when you're actually going out clubbing and shit
User 1: i do
User 2: but yes dress up . stfu barely
User 1: i dressed up so much for my bday . 
User 2: sure
User 1: i really did . so much highlighter . lipstick . kajal . i legit retouched my lipstick also . 
User 2: i came late that night remember
User 1: oh ya . you don't care only about me .
User 2: who took it off hm because it wasn't me . 
User 1: yeah it wasn't . okay it was noop 
User 2: man . you were busy making out with her the entire night literally . 
User 1: bro we just kept pecking that's it
User 2: you should have given me some pecking to i meant :p . divide equally anush .  . how's the kitchen smelling
User 1: you didn't deserve it tbh .
User 2: okay .
User 1: okay don't be madd
User 2: no tell me no why
User 1: areyy . for coming late . okay i'm jk-ing . bro the butter looks too good tho
User 2: i know but i have to give you the panic of being thoda mad obviously . i will in the future too
User 1: man . hate you
User 2: fuckk
User 1: you really are a cunt yaar .
User 2: that snap with the torch
User 1: dont be kate . late . yaa . i died
User 2: i'll always late
User 1: legit . no . i won't meet you only
User 2: ininininin
User 1: cool .
User 2: okay can you save us like one brownie each ? i would love to try it with you when you come back
User 1:  . okay jk . umm . i can't guarantee . if after the trip . there's stuff remaining . i can try to get it
User 2: there won't be any for sure you're mad or what . you don't think i know you . like if you remember before y'all leave then maybe . m . or else i'll get brownies that we ate that time lil . or i'll try to get hash . or something
User 1:  . idkk
User 2: but yes we have to be high together it's been too long
User 1: this stuff is going to be too ent . ya man i really miss it
User 2: oh trust me i know  i'm seeing all the videos dw 
User 1: i sent the videos of sarthak and i dancing on my bday na
User 2: okay i'll try to get us j's . if not then briwniesn
User 1: okie
User 2: to me ? . oh wait yeah i remember . loll
User 1: i didn't know i took a pic of it
User 2: last seen: the night i should have kissed you .
User 1: oh my cutie
User 2:  . how do you find all this monthss later
User 1: i just checked :p . oh bro this video is the fkn best ever . i love drunk noop walkinh . and i love when i'm throwing money at sarthu . and he's spinning 
User 2: hahahahahha
User 1: and you're just super awkward 
User 2: what else will he do . he the hot one we know it
User 1: ofcc
User 2: yeah i don't do well in front of camera
User 1: what a cutie
User 2: i don't know what to do if i know someone is recording . sorry jeez . heheheh . why aren't talk  . y'all have to wait a lott now
User 1: "play mi trance dude i'll lose my nuts" . why do i talk like this  . doing some work and all now . every fifteen minutes we stir . dude the smell is too strong .  . some bank dude is coming for my kyc . i love how we look at each other, you look up and i'm looking down and we're so excited that mi trance is coming up  . thirty-eight second mark
User 2: the reason i find you so hot . my god . only way to know it's going great hehehhehe . oh . dodo
User 1: pakka na
User 2: hey i just wanted to look at my drunk "hookup" in front of people . it was hard enough not to pull you down on the sofa so you can sit in top of me . but yeah let's say i was vv excited for mi trance too :p . yeah like i said i've never made it before but everyone complains about the smell lol . lets hope
User 1: heheheheheh what a cutie . okay done
User 2: but oh well cheek kiss is too much too 
User 1: shush . pls don't . it's not nice
User 2: sounds like the my next girl's problem . why is the current one concerned 
User 1: lmao
User 2: so much annoyance hidden behind that lmao
User 2: okay i'm sorry to say this . but . that liquid that came out of the cloth . looks yummier than you naked on the bed . my god .
User 1: don't be a meano . shutup
User 2: it looks the perfect color . bro
User 1: oh i thought you'd say it looks bad . 
User 2: y'all are going to get fucked . that's you in bed . don't insult the 
User 1: omg .  always wins
User 2: ishh . not like this . you aren't that behind . but butn
User 1: aw . it looks damn nice na
User 2: now that it has to cool what are y'all doing
User 1: i'm so excited
User 2: oh bro . it's going to be too ent . i already know it . and tasty affdd
User 1: we ate it w bread dude  . the remaining stuff in the pan . we scooped it w a bread and had . too nice
User 2: i saw
User 1: we're too desperate 
User 2: what if only that gets you high ? ? . fucks
User 1: let's see
User 2: the only way i like my girls . desperate for  .:')
User 1: hehehehehe . always . don't know how you dated dikshita and i dated sohan 
User 2: yeah man none of them do s properly . and we do thoda extra . hm maybe that balance was needed lol . hmm if we date maybe on of us will od and die on some  . my money is on you
User 1: shush
User 2: no man they actually were the most toxic things to happen to me . yeah that shit wasnt balanced for shit loll
User 1: bro
User 2: you balance me tho . pretty well at that :)
User 1: we're so bajed
User 2: from the fumes or the breadd ?
User 1: break . bread
User 2: aee you look like a chick today . nice . how tf do yall smoke in your building wihtout being scared
User 1: thsi isnt . the huilsing
User 2: oh man if you can please save a brownie for me . okay so you high high . yeah record thats better lol . ae multithreading . stop copying me man
User 1: yesh . hehe
User 2: her place to stone more :') ?
User 1: it was awesome . no no . getting her stuff . to hone . bro
User 2: for the night ? . hi
User 1: i sent this vn from the auto . and my cousins . after i finsihed the voice . jote . they said . "i love your equation w this dude" . i was like, "me too"
User 2: why . like how
User 1: idk
User 2: me
User 1: just the vibe
User 2: oh man . okay yeah i feel warm inside .
User 1: heheheheh i feel too
User 2: tell your cousins that im saying thanks because i love the equation w the chick too . it's pretty close to being solved :
User 1: awiee
User 2: so i realised i use my hands very weird when i'm lying and my voice because very flat like no modulation . hm . must improve fucks
User 1: aw . we smoking again 
User 2: ew . okay i really hate cats
User 1: same . fkn hot .
User 2: don't devalue full stops by calling that hot
User 1: yeah my fault . i'm attractive to you no matter what you do . attracted
User 2: meanwhile o call you a girl once in a while  . but yeah, same .  . i'm alone lol waiting for someone to show up .  you look nice and frreshh today
User 1: i'm so bkd . what even . idk
User 2: hahahahahahah
User 1: it's v sativa feels . bkd eyes ?
User 2: you had onlylyyt the bread ? . starting 
User 1: yes
User 2: oh man . okay so we know one thing . that the trip is going to be lit . fuckks . alibaugh bro i miss that place . okay i'll control . hi . how's it going . has the butter set yey . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . 2312, 21:49 khubeb koradia: should i get a j . stupid friends
User 1: haven't gone back home uet . leaving jow . ayy . cutie . what did you delete
User 2: i forwarded this by mistake . you have to copy paste it . oh man check on your butter . it's your babyy . you can't just leave it
User 1: it said leave for two hours . 
User 2: uf what mother you'll bee
User 1: love that you aren't deleting senti stuff
User 2: but you're an indian you have to keep checking . never now .
User 1: did that for the stirring thing . legit internal alarm i had . every fifteen minutes . muscle memory . i'd go and stir  . favv .
User 2: anything jaann . cutee . finally thoda caffeine . dude okay . so i'm baked . baked baked to go back . arghh
User 1: oh shit . ded . wyd now
User 2: i came back up . you weren't replying so i got bored in the car . the door was locked . normally it is never . thank god the helper was awaken . awake . otherwise now toh i'm extra scared to be high in front of parentss . so i found proof that yeah my friend did burn me which is how i got the bt . more on that later :p lol . hello
User 1: hi . oh thank god . of course . show
User 2: my friend had started voice recording the bs convos we were having when trippig and he started one two minutes before it happened . and like you can clearly hear the lighter click before both of us started shouting and panicking . so yeah . messed up . but nothing happened except me dropping my phone from the roof . so well . bro it looks fucking perfect . and too fucking deadly . yeah yall are fucked . you took a small bite out of it didn't you
User 1: not yet  . what . sorry i'm not replying properly . baking rn
User 2: so that happened too . yeah yeah it's fine its fine mad kya . expect and hope nothing less from you . come we'll have high conversations later if you're alone and free
User 1: baking the brownies 
User 2: oh man . your sister hands  . if you like that also you'll get high hahahhah . fuck . okay baking brownies is funn . atb
User 1:  . i was laughing too much at her . we did . off her hand . real ugly shit
User 2: y'all licked it off her hands ?  . oh i'm sure you naughty girl
User 1: ya  . and had it w roti . so i'm baked again . it's too ent dude . fuck
User 2:  . ew .  . okay you are actually lit lit . like with rotis ? ? ! . i'm telling you to tell your dad to adopt me toh . those are a lott brownies door five people . omg
User 1: it's not 5 . it's like ten i think . brother agreed to do a bit . ya  . so we tried using a spoon to scoop it off her hand but it was too thick . and i was legit like, "i'll just lifk it off that's cool ?"
User 2: ohh so many cousins ? ?
User 1: she's like, "ofc bro"
User 2:  . yeah ew
User 1: my parents, their mom (maybe dad) three of us (if vibhu also then 4) . and grandmom maybe . she has done bhaang before
User 2: wtf . wah
User 1: grandad no . cuase health issues
User 2: i want this fam
User 1: bro bhang has always been peace w my fam . can't say 
User 2: truee . taboo
User 1: like,  is vv traditional on both sides of the family
User 2: woah wtf
User 1: my paternal granddad even though he's a shitty person, was a daily stoner . my mom recently got too baked in her maternal home
User 2:  . i love it man
User 1: oh bro i'm high . i was holding my inhaler to pack it
User 2: i wonder what everyone will do on the trip
User 1: and i'm asking my mom . where my inhaler is
User 1: and she legit just gives me a blank stare
User 2: cutiie
User 1: and she's like, "that bad ?"
User 2: hehehe . she didn't do ?
User 1: no no . not after that bread . we shared three small bread pieces among five people
User 2: done with packing ?
User 1: and we all got fkn baked . yaya
User 2:  . okay too cute dude these stories are . i'm jealous i don't get this . arghh
User 1: omg hahahaha
User 2: anushka man we have to bake soon bro wtff
User 1: ya man
User 2: okay imy and miss baking with you too much
User 1: omgg . we have to man . so for the trip . my cousins and i bought like fifteen suttas
User 2: hehehe
User 1: and we are taking books pens and colour pencils . to sit on the beach . and get artsy . carrying swimming costumes . to swimm . we're too ready . 
User 2: oh man please swim in a pool . sea has poop in it . but yes . needed . fuck
User 1: no no
User 2: even i'm excited for you trip
User 1: beach only
User 2: ew
User 1: don't care . sorry
User 2: don't touch be after that then . me
User 1: okay .  !
User 2: what movie are y'all watching tonight . they are staying over naa
User 1: we have to wake up at five  . sleeping now
User 2: oh man . manm . okay at least say goodnight . bitch come back
User 1: you know . i went to the bes . lay down for five seconrs . then realised . i didn't say gn to my boi . bro i'm too high . 
User 2: ruladiya
User 1: so i came back
User 2:  my heart you are
User 1: to where my phone is charging . i'm too cute uf what to do
User 2: man . okay yeah i really like like you too much anushka .
User 1: my snap series was an adventure . hehehehehhe guess what ? . i like like you too much too . heheeheheheh . okay daddy can i go now ?
User 2: yeah i'm driving a lot after you come back .
User 1:  ?
User 2: yes you may . to meet you as much as i can
User 1: okay drive till paris
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: okay but vv cute
User 2: no man . i'm being serious .
User 1: okay .
User 2: i do get thoda separation issues .
User 1: done .
User 2: yeah i don't know the words rn .
User 1: oh . i
User 2: so i'll just let you sleep .
User 1: don't knwo what to say
User 2: exactly .
User 1: i can't think about this now
User 2: same .
User 1: i don't want to . but yeah have to at some point . umm . not now i'll die
User 2: we can talk later when we know what to say
User 1: my heart is already pretty mush
User 2: same . yeah i want to kiss you right about now .
User 1: yeah, me too . fuck . meet me . on 27th .
User 2: you're coming back on 26tg ?
User 1: yup
User 2: okay then .
User 1: okay .
User 2: man . we need to take a room .
User 1: that may not be possible on 27th
User 2: 31st night if you don't have plans or anything . yes yes
User 1: i don't
User 2: cool .
User 1: but yeah, let's meet more often when i'm back . way more often . and ya, let's find the time to fuck .
User 2: qui ma love . qui .
User 1: okay i'm gonna goo . gn gn my cutie
User 2: d'accord . after saying this you say gn . what a  .  . but yeah, okay . done done .
User 1: purposely . chalo
User 2: you'll pay for it
User 1: see you v soon . gn .
User 2: goodnight . pakka . bfly .
User 1: bfly . going now .
User 2:  .
User 1: dead af .
User 2: same . you're going by car right
User 1: ya
User 2: loll . atbb . okay i'm sleeping again . i hope i dream about you . gn . beauty
User 1: hehe
User 2: ae . your lips looks fresh and unbeaten by your chewing . gm . pretty woman
User 1:  .  . gm . omg  . we almost reached . we took some brekkie break . but i wasn't hungry then . im so excited for the brownies :p
User 2: should have had for breakfast lol . anushka you're on a family vacation and all you're excited about is s . uf . bad very bad . like i love it . but what kinda lesson will you teach the kids . 
User 1: shush
User 2: got into my first reddit fight in the morning . heshe was literally talking about astrophysics the part which i'd read recently only . and oh man did i whoop some ass
User 1: oh god . you like fighting . such a turn off
User 2: with facts fuck yeah
User 1: will reach by 12:40
User 2: ae man i'm winning with my brain what are these allegations i'm sorry no . read later if you have time . maybe if you're actually a sapiosexual you might get turned on . if not, then we know why you picked vaibhav  . reached ?
User 1: will read later . yup . terrible internet
User 2: hahaha . yeah welcome to the non city life . show mee the place you're staying at
User 1: will show . laterzss
User 2: ae . nicee . nice . make your brother chill properly and don't let him study . lol . text when free or doing a sutta 
User 1: yaa . he's gonna do a bit of the brownie
User 2: thoda aur than a bit sounds perfect
User 1: everyone raised a glass for me . for driving the cousins 
User 2: i was going to say for a good year you had but loll . how many suttas did you finish on the way only lol
User 1: none . too scared mad . brother was also there . so no way
User 2: oh . right . time to tell the young child just how gy older the sister is . hehehe . ruin him on the trip
User 1: noo way . sure, a month and a half before the mains paper
User 2: oh fuck yeah they have two attempts in one year now . thats actually pretty lit bro . fuck . touch wood but i can feel him getting some insane score . fuck
User 1: so sweet bfly . dude texting may not be too fluid okay ?
User 2: yes yes i already know that . you enjoy there aaramse . just please send me snaps of cute things and the beautiful nature and of course them suttas . have fun love :
User 1: hehehe will do . miss you, man .
User 2: bfmy .  new
User 1: hehe . out
User 2: oh man . sike . how was the taste
User 1: v nice
User 2: hehehheh . how the high girl doing
User 1: good . phew
User 2: haha nice enjoy the clean air
User 1: hehehe yes . ty my luv
User 2: i gor bangalore
User 1: congrats . perfect . 
User 2: i want to make jokes but i won't you're on vacation . but i'll be with arusha :') . at least someone i know . i'm glad
User 1: say . yeah nvm don't . cause i know what it entails . many people dw
User 2: arre i was talking to class vaibhav and all they are like people can't stay over wale restrictions are theren
User 1: it's okay . for meeting it's peace
User 2: so have to figure that . not like i'm going to have girl guests over night anyway wink wink
User 1: good .
User 2: bro i love when leaves do this . oh man you should have been the one walking . reminds me of the pictures you used to post on insta . lol . so possessive omg uff .
User 1: noo . free for some time . what's up ? . how do you fel
User 2: oh fuck stop turning me on . hi . just had some chai
User 2: i feel hapy
User 1: we three just ordered some cold coffee . i know
User 2: fuck i actually wouldn't be able to stay in mumbaj . :'))))
User 1:  !
User 2: so maybe in your remote internship if you wanna travel you can come :)
User 1: look at the red things on tjis . ya
User 2: is it a flower that never came to life ?
User 1: yeah i miss you . idk . we smoked hehe
User 2: awie
User 1: on this wallk
User 2: oh bro
User 1: others are sleeping
User 2: so even i'm meeting a friend today
User 1: ay nicenice
User 2: and i know the meet will be nice but like karan like 
User 1: omg  . love this
User 2: we used to like each other in 9th grade and then idk what even happened and then we became bro sis
User 2: and have been wishing each other on bhai duj and rakhi ever since 
User 1: wild . ok ew
User 2: yeah but during manipal i've meet her like two times in seven sems
User 1: should i be worries . worried . if she hits on you
User 2: no too platonic 
User 1: i'll hot her . hit
User 2: oh man the way her dentistry is going i really think she's become rio jitna sexual . ah my little soldier with a big temper . love jt
User 2: man you said you smoked now even i wanna get down and go for a smoke wtf
User 1: hehehhe happens . bro
User 2: yeah not good
User 1: after watching once upon a time
User 2: tel
User 1: we smoked so muxh . 
User 2: oh man that night . wtf . was
User 1: cause that full movie was too much sutta
User 2: happening
User 2: i'll ttyl in five
User 1: okie
User 2: don't get busy bitch . okay hi . sorry i was trying to call ff21 . arusha is like it might be booked . the one i want
User 1: yeah . i saw the group . crazy
User 2: i'm talking to a dude . who lived at ff21
User 1: accha
User 2: hahahahah
User 1: oh cool cool . cute
User 2: dude he looks like the generic mallub . 
User 2: like india is like mallu aise hi dikhne chaiye . fuck . but he's too nice
User 1: accha
User 2: so much who answers . i'm going for sutta now :p . what's up with you
User 1: have fun . chilled at the beach . for an hour . back now . will go tomorrow early morning . fun fun
User 2: beach again ? . no drawing today ? ? . bro my mom makes magic without garlic onions and basically everything
User 1: hehehehe ya . we playing taboo . too funny omg
User 2: hahahahha . i'm sure you're just laughing and shouting . 
User 1: yes ofc .  . wyd
User 2: doing thids
User 1: okay i'm jealous .
User 2: like for dinner or not being here ;p
User 1: latter . i wanna go out w you . oh bro
User 2: heyy . i'm so sorry . i have been driving . sorry . hi . same man .  . son . tell tell didn't . sorry
User 1: hi hi
User 2: hi . what did i miss
User 1: bro idk how i'm surviving . i'm gonna sleep now
User 1: dude
User 2: stop early
User 1: you know . last night . i had a psychedelic experience
User 1: w the  that i used on my roti . so we went to sleep on the gadda, us cousins . and i lie down . close my eyes . intense visuals
User 2: wtf
User 1: like i was seeing blue stringy patterns . and it was forming different faces . familiar faces . and more such visuals . others way more abstract . and suddenly i opened my eyes . and got up . it was too overwhelming
User 2: bro whenever they are familiar faces it's not exactly visuals you know . this no idea
User 1: abbey
User 2: fuck . yeah sorry
User 1: it was blue strings
User 2: lol
User 1: forming faces
User 2: oh like that
User 1: i think i know what normal thought is
User 2: yeah wtf
User 1:  . so after this . i called out to my cousin . brother . and asked him if he's able to sleep . and i told him about my visuals . and he was having visuals as well
User 2:  .
User 1: like the moment i got up and said his name . he got us . up . like before i said his name . and we're just discussing visuals . and then i asked this random fucking question . "do birds have feather fall like humans have hair fall" . and do they worry about it . yeah anyway . that was last night . so i didn't get any sleep . vv sativa feels
User 2: should have texted me no wtf . i was up till 3 . loll . oh man
User 1: i was just in my bed dying from all these random thoughts
User 1: omg . too much
User 2: tell me about todayy
User 1: too much . i'll tell later
User 2: was fun no
User 1: yes yes too much
User 2: did you brother do . haha enough said then
User 1: no, i'll make him to tomorrow . do . how was your evening
User 2: yass
User 1: w that girl you used to like
User 2: baas bahut miss kiya tumhe . 
User 1: good . maine bhi
User 2: yeah she's still in the school phase and didn't grow up like the tenant in my first year room . so it was me talking about you and other manipal stories and her cribbing about her life . :')
User 1: omg . wow
User 2: i like when you're a bit jealous . hehe
User 1: dude . i passed out an hour or so back i think . for like forty-five minutes
User 1: during which my brother tried waking me up
User 2: did you just wake up or something
User 1: and i have him so much shit . no
User 2: oh man everytime  . it's dangerous fucks
User 1: i woke up an hour back
User 2: ha say
User 1: i told him he's the most annoying person i've met . 
User 2: yeah i'm not waking you up . fucks what if you told me this before end sems in the morning 
User 1: so he started pulling the blanket off me . wrong move
User 2: cutiee . so violent
User 1: i pulled harder . and now he's hitting me . so even i'm hitting him like mad . and then he gave up . and dude i went back to auto . sleep . 
User 1: idk how
User 2: you have issues . fuck your sleep is dangerous .
User 2: and weird i've noticed
User 1: yes . 
User 2: what plans now baby
User 1: i feel like the wiring in my brain is to fkd up
User 2: itne s of course
User 1: shutup 
User 2: short circuits everywhere
User 1: don't be mean yaar . ya
User 2: i want to hug you and lift you up man .
User 1: soon soon
User 2: send me snap of your face i am starting to forget it . been to long
User 1: wow saw your ex and already this is happening chutiya sala
User 2: what ex
User 1: idc . you liked her
User 2: we didn't even hold hands man 
User 1: that's equivalent to an ex . 
User 2: okay i remember your face now . ew thank god your face is better than this
User 1: thanks, best compliment ever
User 2: i tried sending cute flirtatious memes but this is your reply hence had to meet the ex
User 1: did you hold today
User 1: k . say
User 2: you send more dots na  . no man why will i hold a friend's hand that's so weird
User 1: nikal . ok cool just confirming
User 2: you sound like a guest at my wedding :) . cool
User 1: okie . (p .s hope you know this is just me doing the flirty jealousy)
User 2: prolly then you should be jealous jealous . so that i feel better
User 1: man . that happens easily . if you're a little mean also
User 2: but you don't show it !
User 1: i do . too much
User 2: oh man just remember the driving force for any mean insult is a boost of crush on you . hahahahahha . no problems from my end :p . yeah even i got jealous when you were asking naveen for the blots specifically that's why i was like dw dw i'll get it you don't have to do any work . tmi
User 1: accha fine . you don't show ever legit . i'm always showing
User 2: and that's how our relationship will be . and that's sounds perfect
User 1: no
User 1: be jealous . and show
User 2: i am
User 1: pls ty
User 2: what is this request 
User 1: it's vv nice . for e . me
User 2: save my ass or lick your ass . first please
User 1: ugh . ihy
User 2: heheheh . ily . bfly . it's better than ily fyi for us .
User 1: you first say that you'll show the jealousy
User 2: stop talking like a gf 
User 1: thanks for not deletingg
User 2: never
User 1: agreed . okay
User 2:  . where's that reaction
User 1: nah not like i'm trying to hide the fact that i'm acting like your gf . so no reaction necessary
User 2: acting hmm . cool .
User 1: acting
User 2: but i like to see itt
User 1: out
User 2: sounds cheesy
User 1: you don't show jealousy
User 2: love it . so even you'll start hiding ? ?
User 1: yup . legit not even using emojis . or fullstops
User 2: okay so this getting serious . hmm . cool . you do you . i'll do you too .
User 1: don't be a cunt
User 2: arre isaid  i'll do you how an i being a cunt . even when i'm trying to act cool . my love always shows anushka
User 1: okat
User 2: what is everyone doing theree
User 1: everyone is too sleepy . bro idk how i'm up
User 2: sativa feels only . like yesterday . plus the atmosphere . demands some attention . how cold is it
User 1: bro i drove for 3 .5 hours . slight . slept for three hours
User 2: the road becomes shitty also na
User 1: ya too bad
User 2: oh man
User 1: butt was hurting
User 2:  . yeah actually after no sleeping, drinking  smoking driving . after so man ings how aren't you sleeping
User 1: i'm a wild child . phew
User 2: i guess i like wild children then .
User 1: now do you understand why i was who i was to my better when he tried to wake me up . ew
User 2: cool i know my type now .
User 1: brother
User 1: using swype na
User 2: is okay i'll understand . i'm not dyslexic like you
User 2: i got thag nlp shit sorted in my brain . it will be easier in the future to shortlist among prospectives
User 1: man, got it the first thirty-seven thousand, eight hundred and fifty-one times . don't go
User 2: it will be more easier if the original specimen is on the list . and the list consists of only one name .
User 1: betterr . 
User 2:  . oh sorry for thag
User 1: honestly, guys just want one thing
User 2: ive made a mess . oops . you . can't blame the guys also . aiyo . tum kya karte ho
User 1: kya
User 2: dil ko dhak dhak zor se karvate ho
User 1: accha . lit
User 2: awkward fuck  . so if i flirt so much . and so nice to you . i should be allowed to hide my jealousy . hainaa
User 1: no . this is ganda flirting . i don't count this as flirting . this counts
User 2: fine you posh bitch you'll get stuff delivered in english now . i'm trying to go 70s bollywood . uff no respect only . cool .
User 1: okay fine
User 2: idm trying harder .
User 1: omg haha
User 2: you seem like you're worth it .
User 1: eep . in in in
User 2: you seem like
User 1: good one  . 
User 2: don't send the zombie
User 1: i backspaced it 
User 2: thank god for learning how to not ruin a moment 
User 1: this is my weak in the knees face
User 2: dw . i know
User 1: okay . cool cool . umm . dogs are pretty cool
User 2: how many times i've felt you become heavy in my arms . it felt good each and everytime . and i miss that . yeah stfu ?
User 1: yep .
User 2: you type whatever you were typing
User 1: felt good this side too  . was looking for the right emoji
User 2: that's the best you could come up with 
User 1: ya
User 2: low-key i see
User 1: that's my face what to do . awkward smile
User 2: isse zyada sundar toh hai
User 2: i'm still waiting for a snap of your face . or anything else . :p . eyebrows are too on point
User 1: ty
User 2: okay i'm jealous now
User 1: lmao . yahan mari jaa rahi hoon
User 2:  . i love how you put "i'm too high" in these terms
User 1:  . imyy
User 2: yeah anushka can we spend one night together before paris
User 1: yes we can . you make me this:  . cause
User 2: ew
User 1: i don't wanna sleep when i talk to you . cause i dont wanna stop
User 2: oh fuck . okay good flirting . jenit approves
User 1: so yeah
User 2: yeah but same .
User 1: no more shitting on zombie emoji
User 2: i read this somewhere . fair enough
User 1: don't need you to tell me that bbg
User 2: that you know you really like someone when you start sacrificing your sleep or change the schedule for them . god knows i have . you do it once in a blue moon so thought i should point it out and commend you . 
User 1: yeah i have a guilty conversation a few messages north . confession
User 2:  ?
User 1: kk . sorry . o tired sir . i typed absolute shit
User 2: what confession
User 1:  .
User 2: oh
User 1: how did i type this
User 2: yeah what is this quality broo
User 1: wtf is wrong w me
User 2: i like baked anushka conversations
User 1: i'm legit a psycho
User 2: because neither of us know what's coming next . 
User 1:  . dude i keep thinking . i'm completely sober . and then i start tripping again . and my eyes are too red
User 2: baked eyes . yes i miss seeing them close up . i miss everything about you
User 1: hehe
User 2: we are fucking weird
User 1: let's do 27th28th pls thanks . samesies . ya man wtf
User 2: everytime we meet we distance like cool cool we friends no touching
User 1: ya .  . and then on text
User 2: and within ten minutes i cave
User 1: "yeah let's fuck when we meet"
User 2: and then you cave .
User 2: and then we're just in middle of no where . i can smell you rn . in in in . kissing .
User 1: hehe
User 2: fuck idk what happened outside tap
User 1: ya . i was thinking about that hahahahah . oh god that was good
User 2: i was most tipsy then
User 1: same
User 2: so what changed that morning anushkam .  .
User 1: i cannot believe they asked us to go in separate autos . 
User 2: chutss
User 1: dude i've never been that persob . who does so much pda
User 2: same . like hand holding i have no problem .
User 1: ya same . like it's never been to a point that people can tell 
User 2: yeah fuck . with you i kinda don't mind . so i roll with it .  . everyone could tell that day my
User 1: oh god
User 2: yeah sorry
User 1: bro even at ottomans . while playing ludo
User 2: we were opposite ok
User 1: parth kept telling you
User 2: nothing we did
User 2: what
User 1: arey . they were giving you shit . for being distracted by me . during uno . how tf do you not remember
User 2: i think i was so distracted that i didn't hear them giving shit . because i was definitely not drunk . 
User 1: ohh good one . but remember . i was basically holding your cards . and you had no idea what was going on in the pile
User 2:  . who asked you to sit next to me . and then you expect me to be productive
User 1: you sat next to me . okay i remember everything
User 2: yeah well sounds like a me problem then . oops
User 1:  ? ?
User 2: at divijs place lol
User 1: lmao . idk how you got so chill so fast . i was like pacing in the washroom 
User 2: wtf . why
User 1: cause i was v panicky
User 2: hahahhaa and your tits were out
User 1: thinking if they saw anything or heard anything or whatever . or they can tell
User 2: i know they didn't
User 1: and also
User 2: they could
User 1: it was a sudden change . my heart was racing
User 2: i told you i'm a good actor
User 1: yaa for sure
User 2: and my  was hard and i was outside . i had it worse . oh i had boxers also that day
User 1: yeah idk how you were so chill
User 2: man we should have just gone to the other room . you know they wouldn't have said anything
User 1: true . but . i'm not good at doing that
User 2: not like we didn't show case what would happen in front of them
User 1: i feel damn weird . omg . no if we had a room . it would be much much more
User 2: eh i had enough alcohol in me to not care then . i had my girl in front of me bro . aur kya chaiye . you don't say . much much more happened in that room only
User 1: hehehehe
User 2: except someone didn't allow me south of the equator but cool cool
User 1: ya definitely lmao . k . no stopping next time
User 2: like you have a choice . cute .
User 1: ooh col
User 2: 27th we're meeting . staying out we'll decide then
User 1: yup
User 2: and decide how fucked you get before you leave for paris .
User 1: okay yep . cool . ya
User 2: ya so .  . hello
User 1: hi . 
User 2: i hate this . i get turned on taking about things with you
User 1: ya man same . this is not okay
User 2: it's not fun . since clearly i can't complete . without you . but you can stay chill for hours
User 1: i'm not used to being the person that's so easily turned on . like wtf jen . not cool . this and i'm dead
User 2: i would give so much for you to be in your room rn with a full charged phone so you don't have to sit in the corner like a dr . df
User 1:  . same hehe
User 2: not dead . i just hope to make it difficult for you to walk .
User 1: hm . yeah i really don't have anything to complain about
User 2: i seem . message received . okay i kinda want to fuck you rn under a yellow light . cool cool cool .
User 1: legit chills .  .
User 2: okay can we not talk about this because this is just not doing anything good for either of us . unless .
User 1: ya .
User 2: jkjk
User 1: omgg
User 2: no i won't say you dw
User 1: yeah but i want to . but . it's a little too difficult
User 2: yes i know that's why . nothing doing .
User 1: yep
User 2: it's not like we don't have time after this . i meant not much but have to be positive . so well
User 1: shush . ya
User 2: oh man i love we are always on the same wavelength . tell your brother this is true constructive interference
User 1: omg hahaha
User 2: deep convos or chill convos ?
User 1: chill . binary options
User 2: where are y'all planning to roam tomorroww . i now knowhow to handle you
User 1: kinda new since when we planned the first date . idk let's see
User 2: first date . fuck  . yeah that seems like ages ago
User 1: ya
User 2: that innocent day changed things up . glad i sat through the movie with you without making a move
User 1: oh god . agreed
User 2: chill at the radisson property it's too good
User 1: dude dude . so there was this really cute dude from hfs
User 2: hfs ?
User 1: my school
User 2: okay
User 1: like him and i were on chill normal talking terms . and he's in mahindra ecole . but staya like five floors below mind . mine . and when i was w sohan . somewhere during that time . he started hitting on me . like normal whatsapp chat . and then random flirty messages
User 2: oii
User 1: ofc major ego boost . cause legit everybody liked him at some point
User 2: girls i tell you
User 1: including the girls from my girl gang
User 2: okay fair enough then
User 1: and sohan knows of him . same school na
User 2: ha
User 1: i'd told sohan . and now sohan recently joined insta . so he's sending me all his hot pics from insta . on insta . 
User 2: who he . how's that related to the dude
User 1: yeah you won't find him hot . cause he recently started following everybody . and we're losing our mind on his obvious he made it then . about wanting to hook up . how
User 2: oh the dude is sending you his old picture on instagram in your dms ?
User 1: no . sohan is sending me his pics
User 2: i'm confused
User 1: and sohan and i are remembering . all of this
User 2: oh that dude was also there in the pictures
User 1: ya
User 2: fuck okay show . show
User 1: it feels chiller w sohan
User 2: i'm glad
User 1: no you won't find him cute
User 2: i'll give honest opinion . better than a toxic ex bro count yourself lucky
User 1: wait my brother is next to me and knows him .  . yeah man
User 2: send me on insta . 
User 1: okay he saw . i think
User 2: yeah no . like give videos and all . but face is like . boyish
User 1: boyish is cute
User 2: i don't see a single beard hair . ew no . men gotta be men . joey boyish is cute . cute
User 1: uff
User 2: this is me being jealous okay i'm sorry . yeah shouldn't show it . cool cool cool
User 1: ininin . shush
User 2: kuch bhi 
User 1: listen . carefully
User 2: listening . carefully
User 1: i'm not fuckin w anyone else
User 1:  . you're two hundred and ninety-three thousand, seven hundred and twenty-nine times better . fuck sorry
User 2: good to know .
User 1: two hundred and ninety-three thousand, seven hundred and twenty-nine is too small :(
User 2: try long long data tyoe then . what is this short int
User 1: pagal that's too big for short na
User 2: i miss kissing this tongue . tera gpa better hai you tell me
User 1: it's like five digits . 31k or something . idk
User 2: relax . no test today . dw . don't get ptsd
User 1:  . 
User 2: yeah anushka even when we are sober around people i'm kinda just maybe going to kiss you on the head or cheek . eh . don't feel like hiding it
User 1: okie
User 2: can't wait for you to be weirded out again cos you will hahahhaha
User 1: i know i will be . and don't piss me off when we meet
User 2: and i will respectfully backk off . how 
User 1: no fkn way
User 1: idk by talking about dik in that way or by fkn being cocky . i'll slit your wrists
User 2: damn . cocky toh i can't stop . you'll have to make me shut up
User 1: jkjk 
User 2: other thing yeah sorry lol . have to say that you pyschotic bitch
User 1: have to
User 2: okay my heart feels kinda warm rn . i like being with you .
User 1:  ? . mine too . genuinely
User 2: won't talk about dik . i'm not taking it but coll
User 1: like i dont mean at all you know that
User 2: ikik . you know i know
User 1: and me you
User 2: still you'll clarify . such a turn off
User 1: why .
User 2: uff
User 1: phir nikal bsdk
User 2: faking it
User 1: k
User 2: kidhar jaunga chodkar . tum jaisa kaha milega .
User 1: i legit felt so much  for you i flirted so much and i was jealous and shit . so yeah . lick my clit . 
User 2: soon . oh you fucking don't worry . you'll be asking me to stop licking . you deleted this message
User 1: ya we decided against this stream of conversation . phew .
User 2: yeah but i still have a boner and you started it . i'll actually just thinking about your clit .
User 1: i get a little too speechless in these scenarios . big oops
User 2: you are allowed to use the cool cool cool
User 1: yeah don't need your permission kiddo
User 2: mast flirting reply you gave rn
User 1: haan
User 2: then why do i have do many restrictions hm . girlfriend like behavior i see
User 1: bigger oops
User 2: i love how you have nothing to say . i feel like i won the conversation
User 1: yeah cool . listen . i'll gonna sleep now
User 1: i just slept off for a second abhi
User 2: ha haha
User 1: while holding m phone
User 2: okay . cutie
User 1: oh man
User 2: i want to kiss you goodnight . yeah i miss the pragati nights . nevermind .
User 1: hate leaving
User 2: yes let's sleep
User 1: hate hate hate
User 2: fyi i'm coming to the airport to drop you idgaf
User 1: yup cool cool
User 2: okay then . we done for the night . not really
User 1: cutie
User 2: but okay . bfly .
User 1: you sleeping as well ?
User 2: we'll find out
User 1:  ? . oh
User 2: never done with yoh
User 1: oh
User 2: what do you think  . is happening
User 1: i thought you're gonna go fap
User 2: gotta hit up them hoezz
User 1: oh that
User 2: youre not helping
User 1: always get it mixed up
User 2: how the fuck am j supposed to do that . jk no . the fuck
User 1: brain
User 2: na live is always better . so i guess i'm going to sleep unsatisfied and depressed tonight
User 1: oh god
User 2: col
User 1: fuck . ugh . hate you
User 2: goodnight then 
User 1: shit
User 2: you sleep
User 1: sleptt off shaon . again, z .
User 2:  .
User 1: chalo see you v soon ly . good night my cutie
User 2: see when you were going to sleep . same . goodnight
User 1: ugh . you also sleep
User 2: i'm going to try to be creative for a bit . since that's my last option . see you in my thoughts son
User 1: see you
User 2: like in two mins
User 1: in
User 2: ok i shouldn't give you this satisfaction . no i'm not thinking about you at apl . gn .
User 1: yeah i'm not touching myself at all
User 2: fuck of bitch . stop doing that . then you'll say gn . argh
User 1: lmao . gn . i may be idk
User 2: wtf . okay you can't do this to me
User 1: schrodinger's cat thingy
User 2: you know it's too rude . not when my  is on the line . you're too mean i'm not opening your chat
User 1: okay fine sorry sorry  . have a good time my lovee . maybe think about what we would've done if divij and all hadn't come back . gnn . say gn
User 2: that story line is over
User 1: then think of something else man
User 2: gn
User 1: okay . don't be mean . now . if i keep my eyes town . open .  . any longer . i may die . and i cant leave on a trash goodbye . pls . okay . i guess trash goodbye will have to do .
User 2: next time you'll know not to fuck w me
User 1: huh
User 2: you're supposed to be supportivee . nothing nothing leave . gm . merry christmas anushka . bro before sunrise sequel is before sunset . have you seen that one to ? . i mean i'm sure you have but is it god
User 1: hi . gm . had a crazy morning at the beach
User 2: oh . sunrisee ? . tell me
User 1: ya it's a trilogy . no haven't . i feel like before sunrise is the current stage of my life . i'll see the others when i'm in those phases of life
User 2: but you don't know the story ! . okay sometimes you scare me . with the way you just leave series in middle . like so many of them . pyscho . but anyway tell me about the beachn
User 1: hi . i'm so higj
User 2:  . when did you havee
User 1: i wish i had a better camera
User 2: omg . where are y'all sitting . world from different eyes . oh man . you look beautiful . and so fucking baked . argh . yeah since when do you wear necklaces . too fucking baller is what you're looking rn
User 1: it's my cousin brothers
User 2: babe where are your eyes
User 1: ty . yes  . gonewe . i had four brownies at once
User 2:  . . wtf . are you mad .  . yeah you're going to be high for till sunset . so this is your "before sunset" . i would watch this for sure . or participate with you
User 1: yeah . oh yeah . fkd . and i got my period today morning . so i'm getting mad cramps . it hurts too much
User 2:  . i just love reading this line . congrats baap nahi bane . aisho . first day na . it's alright . it'll get better . drink lots of water . the dry throat and you being high makes it worse ?
User 1: this pic is too ugly oh god . 
User 2: normally look is the camera and smile for once . you have a nice face and a nice smile and you look to crisp today . finally you're not in dude clothes at least  . eyes on the camera ! . but yeah four brownies 
User 1: i wanted to dress up today
User 2: good you did
User 1: i genuinely don't know what to do w my face . i'm so bad at this
User 2: dude . m . it's beautiful . fuck . yeah that some insta shir . post when you're sober . yeah i can't stop zooming in on your face .
User 1: seriously ? . omg
User 2: yeah let's just say you look "nice"
User 1: i look high tho
User 2: only those elite few will ever know . when you post it :p
User 1: hehe . really high oh god . oh god i'm clicking too many pics today . i'm never like this . and ya i feel nice about myself today . all this  really helps
User 2: okay in this you look like a mom taking a selfie  . but cutee . i'm glad now you know how i feel 247 . about you . too much you stone . love it . i can't wait to stone all night with you . oh man . how do you look so clean ! . i think chopping off that extra hair helps 
User 1:  . agree  . i feel so good w this necklace . it's got hanuman on it . im legit a meme some times ifs foo funny .  . i think i'm alone responsible for how humoured i am by life . cause i'm so so humoured by myself . i'm a funny weird person who does weird things
User 2: i mean i was going to say it looks lit on you and then you get god in middle so well . 
User 1: someone gave it to him to wear and even though he isn't religious he wears it cause the person asked him to wear it
User 2: but my dude you look so clean and cute and high i just can't take you in a funny way today
User 1: heheheheh . i hate that you say clean 
User 1: i'm clean only man
User 2: don't forget to give others credit
User 2: always . don't fucking stop  .
User 1: little bit yes
User 2: i have to say clean
User 1: i sneeze when the lady is threading my eyebrows
User 2: wait i'll show you not clean pictures of you . and fall asleep when someone touches yiu
User 1: no pls
User 2: you are quite the menace in a salon 
User 1: i beg you don't . i'm kind of body positive rn  . yeah . ya  . bro dont send the pics . beg you . oh shit too much pain . period pain . fuck . legit can't movie . move
User 2: i'm gladd
User 1: i was clesn yhen also
User 2:  . well the pictures can't stop . clearly doesn't show hahahahah
User 1: phew . i'm so high yo
User 2: take something for it ? . hahahha i know . because you forget how fast the time is going . and keep saying it . and i love it . i want to be with you man when you're this high argh . imy .
User 1: eep . bro my dog is awesome . rio
User 2: oh man . he's too aesthetic . if he were in a pack,  he'd be the fucking alpha . no doubt . oh thanks for reminding
User 1: so focused, he could hear dogs . this is him curious . alert .  .
User 2: he just finding whose ass he needs to whoop next . he more baller than you bitch . why is this hooman acting so weird today and taking so many pictures . i remember da idk why you were telling me lol
User 1: okie ly
User 2: if this is your meaning of you're weird then fine . i'll try my best to adjust to this degree of weird . unprecedented but not unwanted .
User 1: hehe
User 2: hi . whats up
User 1: i'm bakey baked
User 2: i just booked my place
User 1: wanna smoke
User 2: wooho
User 1: tryna find a way to
User 2: oh man . fuck . noo . later . yall have only fifteen cigs . save till it decreases . and then pump it up with two cigs . uf . strategy anushkaa
User 1: oh that was quick . leaving tomorrow . five happened yesterday
User 2: the only way i know how  . sinha is in mine . oo . so i guess you have no option other than to smoke . :p . hahhahah . go to the beach again or find a chai wala
User 1:  ? . ya
User 2: soumya sinha is in my ff21 hostel . don't naughty . and here, naughty is used as a verb
User 1: accha
User 2: just incase your nlp has gone for a toss
User 1: k
User 2: yeah you look to comfortable . fucks . i want to snuggle inn
User 1: oh god . don't say all this . my heart . breakss
User 2: but we shall be united soon .
User 1: yaa . soon
User 2: guess who got jealous of you . and is about to stone
User 1: hehe . fav . we'll be high together
User 2: bandra
User 1: this sutta is proving too hard
User 2: hopefully together together soon . whyyuu
User 1: hehe . everyone is awake
User 2: so we are going to bandra . like the churches there . to see the decorations . and hopefully get  on the way . yeah i don't want to drive so i'll give it to my friend . and hopefully text you . if you're online  . bro it's drizzling in mumbai 
User 1: hi . shit this is too beautiful . fuck . okay . i'm jealous . wowowowo so cute . what . mumbai is crying lmao
User 2: you aren't here no . even it has separation issues . like me . you see your paris bitch . but you know you don't have to be jealous . just stay over when you come . which  you have to .
User 1: hehehehe . hehehehehehe . okay cutie . ly . i'm again baked yaar . bro what a trip
User 2:  . yahi you sunana hai jaan . because even i'm hehehhe
User 1: aw . best
User 2: okay imy2 .
User 1: need
User 2: you .
User 1: haha . omg  . so cool
User 2: chalo let's catch up properly later . too many things we are doing . be fre sometime
User 1: hahahaa
User 2: hehehe or dont . enjoiyy
User 1: just did sutt . hehehehe 
User 2: just ordered a shit ton of dessert
User 1: bro . my period pains are too bar . bad . like . i can't handle it
User 2: normally it isn't so bad no
User 1: some periods are bad . dude . it's too bad . like can't walk bad
User 2: oh fuck . ask mom for some tablet no . if it's that bad . is your back hurting badly too ?
User 1: na don't really have . i just got my allergy medicine . ah it's fine
User 2: that's also needed . not really
User 1: noii . it's just my stomach
User 2: sexual arousal helps with pain
User 1: ik
User 2: go whip your  out and go at it ! . yolss
User 1: lmao
User 2: aiyo cramps uff can't do also anything about it
User 1: phew . too bad
User 2: how high are you thoo
User 1: pretty
User 2: nothing can be done about the pain what to do :
User 1: yeah ik
User 2: hehehehe
User 1: drinking hot coffee
User 2: can't let it go down
User 1: ya dude  . ik
User 2: we've asked two times already
User 1:  . lmao . omg . k fuck off . we're so close to meeting
User 2: iron it bro
User 1: bitcu
User 2: hello . oh man i feel it . yeah kinda too excited . so much traffic today omg
User 1: we had such a dangerous sutt sesh
User 2: oh man i'm finally home . took two hours fuck . hi . where 
User 1: hi hu . so glad you're online . ly . i swam so much today morning . so nife . i'm so bkd jen . too bkd
User 2: what . that's why you said crazy beach morning . oh man
User 1: yess
User 2: bfly . 
User 1: oh man . missed talking to you
User 2: yeah i'm sober aiyoo . aw . i'm here
User 1: hehehehehe too happy
User 2: off my crotch . hehehhe
User 1: wish i could
User 2: send me more snaps . oh man . yeah i like you face . a little
User 1: cutie . miss you . glad you do . it's vv convenient that you do . haha
User 2: yep yep
User 1: hehe . imy maan . ugh . telling you too much ik
User 2: otherwise it would have been an issie
User 1: but it's tru .
User 2: ik . no . idm at all . i'm always ups up for that gay shit
User 1: hehehehhehehe . you send me your hot face . oh wait a snap
User 2: already did . yeah i'm fast . i know what you want
User 1: okay fu . fuck tou . you always look good .
User 2: always one step ahead
User 1: ugh hate this .
User 2: i like surprises but you're so predictable uff .
User 1:  . nikal
User 2: oh man thanks stop it . hehe
User 1: my mental breakdown was a surprise
User 2:  . yeah i never said good or bad . coolcool
User 2: you winn
User 1:  . tytytt . wru . don't fo
User 2: snapping you baby . all time is for you only you know
User 1: thanks . owe you one . oh dude too high
User 2: ya maybe make up to me finally ? too many you owe me . ish
User 1: done
User 2: did you count how many brownies and suttas youbdid . sure .
User 1: tu ruk .
User 2: aww you're on the table too many people . and you're talking like this . yeah that's not . hot . i've made you more naughty i feel .
User 1: yas
User 2: oops .
User 1: ya you have man
User 2: i'm having nutella cheesecake and tomato soup simultaneously . yeah i might be baked still
User 1: wtf
User 2: that's actually surprising . maybe the confident anushka is ready to be unleashed . or already has been . clearly .
User 1: hehehe
User 2: what are yiu even doing baked out of your head in middle of so many adults . abhi tak nothing . we'll see how the night goes  . no expectations only 
User 1:  . rude . i don't want to be here man
User 2: you know it . who stopped you
User 1: thought i'd send you my tits
User 2: oh man . have you not been wearing a bra ? ! . oh my man . yeah hot .
User 1: ya :p
User 2: yeah okay . fuck . yeah .
User 1: sorry
User 2: didn't think you'd pull through . idk about what but whatever . yeah i'm still a bit dazed . in my room now . just putting it out there . casual . noice . yeah i kinda want to fuck you . right . now . you can't ghost me .
User 1: hi . hehe . sorry . yep me always tbh
User 2: tbh hm . zyada honesty hogayi . i like . are you still on the table only
User 1: now ya . went to change my cup
User 2: why aren't you and the cousins just chilling . and showed me two cups hehehhehehehhe
User 1: chilled abhi we played cod . hehehe
User 2: oh yeah i'm coming up . almost at your level . tomorrow should be enough to catch up :p . yeah idk how i'm going to survive next semester . without you there . plus time difference . or the future anytime soon . yeah sorry no bt . how's the painn
User 1: ty . too bad rn . my while body is shaking . whole
User 2: dont sit no . walk it might be better . go around for a walk . call me if you want lol i'm fre
User 1: brb okau
User 2: yes yes
User 1: hi
User 2: salut madamee . so wholesome :') . such perfect post dinner thing
User 1: oh bro too much pain . in lying down . i'm . and i googled some positions i should be in . to relieve it
User 2: oh it's not stopping only my god . i wish there was something i could do . aiyo . is it helping . i had a cookie to . stop copying argh . without  na ? 
User 1: ya . kidhar ho . dude . i did this google search in incognito idk why . that's pretty shitty
User 2: in my romm . why . reflex of purposely lol . whyy
User 1: cause i still don't want it in my search history
User 2: it's not a big deal but . and you need it . so why
User 1: which indicates that i'm also subconsciously a slave to the mentality that periods should be a shush
User 2: yeah i thought you were getting to that .  . maybe because you're on a trip and not at home ?
User 1: na . anyway fk that
User 2: if you say so
User 1: ya . wyd
User 2: dude i can't deal with headaches . too traumatic since i have migraine . argh i can't function only . don't know how i dealt with dik loll . yeah i think i'm going to sleep . it's hurting bad now . i bfly .
User 1: hey
User 2: hi
User 1: oh shit bro . did you take a medicine . fuck . why are we both in pain simultaneously . so romantic
User 2: and high . na . i ate food
User 1: ya
User 2: should be fine
User 1: yeah
User 2: okay show one last time before i sleep . your face i meam
User 1: wait really to me . talk . pls . pls . don't go yet . i'll send
User 2: hi . sure
User 1: my face that is
User 2: itna please not needed
User 1: don't sleep . is the pain badm . sorry
User 2: yeah i'm getting really tired i think i should head back
User 1: i'm such a cunt 
User 2: if you're texting then i'll bare
User 1: oh extortion
User 2: like worth it type bare . 
User 1: yum
User 2: i'm dying in the head but never less 
User 1: perf lmao . wyd . if you're gone i'll murder you . oi . so my best friend wants me to spend time w one her friends from college . he's in mumbai . and she's telling me to meet him on sunday . and oh god . he's vv cute
User 2: show . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . i've told you to call me . wait only you and the dude or all 3 . there's a solar eclipse today ! at 10:45am don't miss it
User 1: what did you delete . also gm . i did . you didn't pick up . okay it rained like mad . and the internet isn't working
User 2: gmm . i didn't get any call bro . hehehe yeah ! it's crazy . aiyo . show . tel :p
User 1: only him and i . but it's too weird idk if i should go . but she feels bad that he's alone over here . i told her that if this is some weird way of setting us up it won't work cause i'm kind of w someone . like i clarified that he doesn't think it's some hookup thingy . so that's peace . sorry the messages are sending late
User 2: i mean new city so i guess yeah . good . sounds like could be fun . but show his face tohh . hehe yeah been there lol its okayy
User 1: hi
User 2: lol even my messages arent getting delivered together so if it looks like im stuck on the previous conversation then well the messages weren't sent only lol
User 1: ya give some time cause internet is bad . i'll send when i reach an area w decent internet . also again, you may not find him cute 
User 2: lol okayy . kinda hoping for it . what if he's cuter than me . cause for concern . lol . nevermind . cant show my jealousy . cos there aint bitch . fuck first time this vacation i was up and awake at 7am lol
User 1: like, i was messaging my friend, and she asked me this, and i jokingly said, "yeah i'll meet him only if he's cute no uggos" . and she sent the pics . and then i'm like . pic . shush . how was it ? . that's him
User 2: okay he has a jaw line and all . okay have fun
User 1: lmao . 
User 2: wait i have a perfect reply to this
User 1: yeah he's cute def . no
User 2:  . same feells
User 1:  . ofc i am
User 2: ya go have fun with him . okay
User 1: i'm jk-ing man . always
User 2: have fun .
User 1: okay man . sorry sorry
User 2: no its fine . im studying actually . for quantiphi . se ya
User 1: yeaah whatsapp web na . ly
User 2: yes . ya
User 1: shush . okay i'm jk-ing really . you're one hundred and three thousand, eight hundred and eighty-two times cuter
User 2: cool . ttyl
User 1: ok serious ttyl driviny . but i will message you . waiy
User 2: okay . drive safe
User 1: hey . pee break for everybody
User 2: hi . what about lunch
User 1: we'll reach home and eat . we'll reach by 3:30
User 2: oh . 1 .5 hours is fine . chips on the way . you're in the kids car right
User 1: yaa . had an early brekkie . late . four of us and ri
User 2: how come only you're driving lol
User 1: my cousin bro gave me my first nicotine chewing gum
User 2: too bitter no
User 1: nobody else can drive
User 2: but with music you need snacks passing around the car too
User 1: or don't have a license
User 2: hahahah okayy . don't lie . he about to snot some linez . did you get a head rush lol
User 1: oh you think if there was line i'd let anybody else do it, cute . a bitt . not too much . we're meeting tomorrow ! . you still hate me ? . don't hate me . bfly
User 2: you have to drive so understandable . surprisingly
User 1: okie
User 2: yeah i'll keep you updated
User 1: huh . what does that mean
User 2: if we're meeting or not
User 1: why what happened
User 2: i'm hoping some plan pops up for tomorrow :)
User 1: pls don't say thaat . okay come back online . i'm gonna start driving in 5 . 2
User 2: sorry i was completing my movie . the rebound 
User 1: okay driving now
User 2: drive safe . text soon . we are da you don't worry . but you're coming to town . lols . i'll get my car so we'll drive around . i'll think of more things to do
User 1: always like this na jen . mean . yaya for sure
User 2: no i actually saw the entire thing . i liked it
User 1: haan haan . i'm just saying . back to you calling me a rebound now . we lost all progress . cause i tried to make you jealous
User 2: lost all progress here only :p . lol . no da . this i cant even joke because of how untrue it is . thoda true hota toh maybe i would have tried to get out also no . haha
User 1: good one
User 2: yeah and someone succeeded marvelously smh
User 1: okay omg cutie . phew my heart
User 2: no . its not allowed
User 1: what
User 2: what is this power i've given you
User 1: hehehe
User 2: me getting this jealous and you making me and taking advantagee of that facg
User 1: i didn't take advantage
User 2: why arent you driving bbg
User 1: the other car got hungry
User 2: hahahahah
User 1: so we stopped somewhere for them to pick up something . you got too jealous too quick, there wasn't any time to take advantage . okay sorry last one . maybe . okay come back . don't go
User 2: chipss . no not going here only . first thing i read in tnhe morning what to do
User 1: honestly loved it sorry to sya . say
User 2: hahahah i'm glad . but you dont know a lot about me because well obviously . wait you do, you saw me after the breakup, so remember how im vengeful . hahaha cutiee . you won for the day . ab ruko tum :))) . nah its fine . its your day to enjoy . din khatam bhi hote hai anushka :) . or maybe it was all part of an act and im kinda hoping something happens with the cute dude so that at least i can wash you off my habds
User 1: woah . woah . fuck . shit you got a little hurt didn't you . at least he's cute tho . accha sorry for starting the day on this note . wydd . i just got baci . okay talk . to . me
User 2: na i'm good :) . well at least that's going to well for you . na is all good :) . just woke up . wdy mean
User 1: hi . phew i took one peaceful bath
User 2: clean
User 1: yes . now i want sutta . to get dirty again
User 2: why .
User 1: wyd . okay what do i do to make it up to you
User 2: was talking vidit about where my money disappeared last sem . too many money problems that will extend into next sem . love the student life . you don't have to anushka . are you mad . you have fun and show your new friend around thats about it  .
User 1: omg hahahahhaha . hahaha
User 2: you don't have to caps it bro . im feeling guilty for feeling the way i did which obviously wasn't jealousy
User 1: okay don't feel guilty . he's cute but he isn't you . also, i told my mom i'm meeting you tomorrow . so don't back out now . because you're pissed
User 2: im not
User 1: and are 'hoping some plan will come up'
User 2: i act sometimes da .  . i was eating lunch and doing tp then  . oh oh someone's getting serious 
User 1: hehehehehehe . i was toh always serious . yeah, when i get a feeling i kind of go for it
User 2: sure . o . hookup se we both started you don't lie now . omg will you be extra cheesy today because you think you've to make up ?  . when i get a feeling i kind of book a flight to paris and go for it :p
User 1: okay fine . yeah but i got a good feeling about it first . ya . you can't stop it . oof . hello anushka, do you prefer to use your own laptop or do we need to provide you one  ? (we have an extra macbook air, it's just to know if we need to set it up)
User 2: like with all boys last sem man .
User 1: i didn't you know
User 2: set it up . sure 
User 1: it's tru . what
User 2: you don't have to baby it's all okay . we just exclusive till 8th jan you know .  . i guess i trust you then :) .
User 1: fine
User 2: yeah okay eventhough you were the first after break up only reason i went along with it is because you're too lit .
User 1: man you're telling me i hold you to the same level as jassil and vaibhav
User 2: after the first dates hey maybe . jassil was funny enough to get you into bed . vaibhav idk . stay overs 
User 1: stfu . i'm not talking to you . change the topic asap
User 2: hmm . nothing to say . thought so . lol sorry for cutting your day short . i kinda become too savage i'm sorry . yeah i feel better now tho deff  . okay other jenit is back online . hi anushka i bfly . 
User 1: this wasn't savage at all tbh
User 2: yeah okay but i don't want to be mean to you anymore . so we'll deal with it . okay let's start the day fresh cos i didn't exactly like our conversation up until this tbh  . helo . how was the drive back ?
User 1:  . you can never be on the losing side na
User 2: na i am not a sour loser . but all these specific things like making jealous and all, yeah this i would prefer being in the winning side . idm continuing . i won't even be mean now . threshold se zyada if i become mean then i won't stop . no girl of mine deserves that no but . so eh fine i lose
User 1: wait ttyl . w bro . walking rio
User 2: okayy
User 1: hii . yaa you always are winning . let me get a few wins . lmao . phew . dudee . i want my house back to how mu house was . few people . just the nuclear family . it's mean of me to say it . but
User 2: grand parents you mean 
User 1: shush
User 2: yeah you won today
User 1: cousins and all also . i'm tired now
User 2: i was more hurt so well .  . social battery 0 . oops
User 1: yaa
User 2: yeah damn mean
User 1: idk how i'll do the party at night . shushh na pls
User 2: i'm driving right now i'll text you later
User 1: okiee
User 2: oh wait you're going for it hahabhaha . i thought you canceled the plan . oh man . yeah even idk how you'll enjoy 
User 1: dudee
User 2: how many people do you know . there
User 1: yeah they're from my school . a lot of them are not my type tbh
User 2: oh school people no . then it's fine . podar ?
User 1: noo . hfs
User 2: oh . why da
User 1: yeah for them i'm still the girl w sohan .  . they don't know me at all . and i dont know them
User 2: they don't know ? !
User 1: like . for them . it would be a shocker if they found out i drink
User 2:  . bata manipal ki ladki hai . bc
User 1: they probably know but like never spoke to them na . bro i was a goody two shoes only
User 2: sure, hoe .  . this ?
User 1: i ofc was .  .
User 2: oh i thought this was for drinking . sohan is going to be there right . at least some company lol . so i'm at doolally . and they have a dog here . like the shop dog . lol but it's old so it's just lying downn
User 1: jelly . jealous . don't have fun withoutme . simple . i'll ask him abhu . jealous .
User 2: how the fuck have you not spoken to him lol . he'll be the one keeping you entertained . let's see if you get bored :p . wish you were here :
User 1: bro i wasn't even thinking about this party up until now  . ya he's coming .  . let's see . ya . omg we're meeting tomorrow . it feels like ages wtf
User 2: too many things to do . sortt
User 1: noo was driving only na 
User 2: yes .  . on trip
User 1: phew i'm so scared dude
User 2: man you don't meet inly
User 1: these people are a little judgy
User 2: what am i supposed to do . whhy in what way
User 1: and i feel a little out of place w them . idk . they're thoda weord . still stuck in that time . of 9th 10th . acchaa . after one small win you were ready to ditch tomorrow . i get so pissed off every time i look at dikshita's storiesposts . idek why . ya i've noticed . why do i get pissed
User 2: oh fuck i hate those people . even the 11-12th oness arghh . okay j know how you feel
User 1: ya . like i feel like i've to be someone else . which i hardly ever feel w people
User 2: it's the worst feeling isn't it
User 1: ya
User 2:  no da mad kya . you think i'd miss an opportunity to see that flat chest again ?
User 1: ya ya jk-ing
User 2: noo
User 1:  . fine
User 1: no tit touching allowed
User 2: they are with an another dude . i was tapping it till now anyway . nothing to grasp as such . 
User 1: fine, no tapping allowed also
User 2: because you've fallen for me . wasn't fun anyway .
User 1: ya twas a rhetorical question . haan nikal fir bc . no
User 2: i'm an engineering studebt . can't leave a question blank . thanks for the permission was waiting for it . tell why then
User 1: ya now i dont wanna meet tomorrow
User 2: if it's not thism
User 1: def not this  . or maybe . hm . nah dude i just find her annoying . like . i've never really spoken to her . but just . her face, her stories, her posts . okay yeah . zero explanation i have
User 2: explanation . period . prima facie :) .
User 1: okie .  ?
User 2: google
User 1: oh
User 2: host is hot . okay nice . must go
User 2: hi
User 1: i was just giving an example
User 2: dinner over . hii
User 1: i'm legit postponing going
User 2: okay you don't say all this without meaning .  . what time are you supposed to be there  . birthday is in an hour  . did you go . i want to see how dressed you are . yeah same babe  . let me know :)
User 1: oh you still thinking about it love this . 9:30 . just left . his bday was yesterday . today is the party
User 2: na na just putting it out there . don't be that happy . oh my god . oh then it's fine . but still . you're too late . you'll have to catch up with the drinking  . can't imagine you're going to have shots after so much driving and full trip . hope you're having too much fun . good night cutes . call me if you want to talk idm . might not see the text . drunk dare time
User 1: hi
User 2: what's up . hello . are you fine
User 1: hi . i'm fine . reached baco . oh god . phew . i'm drunk . imy
User 2: how was your night !
User 1:  .
User 2: imy2 .
User 1: too fknncrazy . so weird . phew
User 2: whyy
User 1: but fun . dude it's too crazy . i'll explain tomorrow . pls make a plan . just tell me where to come
User 2: what weird shit happened tell
User 1: i don't wanna talk about the party . i'll tel you . hat . in person . rn . i aanna . talk about you
User 2: what happened at the party tell . 
User 1: nothing it was peace i'll tell you
User 2: what was peace tell
User 1: ugly snaps for only you . everybody . dude this one guy . apparently has liked me since 1st grade
User 2: i'm only into sexy snaps . wtf
User 1: and dude i was w this group of dudes
User 2: i don't think that's a possible
User 1: and he was there . and they started talking about hwo much he likes me . and he's telling them to shutup
User 2: aww he still likes you ? ?
User 1: and they're like, "whichever girl came after is just timepass for him"
User 2: haha
User 1: they're like, "first love first love" . and they're telling me to apologize to him
User 1: bro i was telling them to dtop
User 2:  . m
User 1: and they just weren't . and i could see him getting too uncomfortable . and i tried to comfort him
User 2: aiyo
User 1: dude it was a  move on his friends part
User 2: was it fine then . ya wtf
User 1: dude whenever we both would talk someone or the other would come and make a big deal . so we didn't talk at all
User 2:  hate when that happens
User 1: and this one time he legit screamed at one of the dudes for something trivial . and walked out
User 2: what are we like ten years oldb ? ?
User 1: dude idek
User 2: oh man
User 1: and turns out that dude also liked me  . it was too weird for me . legit . i was just there . so i left
User 2: because everyone liked you at the party . and you can't count on one set of hands . hehehe . oh man
User 1: and they're all comingnto me individually . that i'm one of the most real girlnive met . major ego boost . but ya vv weird
User 2: and saying this ? 
User 1: yaa
User 2: loll
User 1: legit four people told me this today . ya hfs has lot of fakes
User 2: real because you do get a different vibe to the room .  . welcome to  rich mumbai
User 1: phew . ya legit
User 2: hahahaha
User 1: bro legit they were doing this one relalt fake thong . i'll tell later
User 2: okay
User 1: and i was just staring from the outside . in shoxk . legit mouth open . andnaryaman comes to me . and he's like, "ya that's how fake we can get" . and i died
User 1: like they're sentient fakes . they know they're fakin .  . shit that hsould be a term . sentient fakes . it's a whole nother level of fake
User 2: you haven't met me tipsy at deetee before ? ? 
User 1: fuckk . fkn dik 
User 2: haha yols that's college
User 1: college was bette rthay this school 
User 2: oh man . okay haven't gottent to that level
User 1: okay talk abour you . and how cute you are okie
User 2: tell me about the good parts of the party too . thanks man
User 1: shush about the party . dude i'm bkd now . v less drunk . majorly baked
User 2: that's how it's supposed to bee
User 1: okay . i like you a lot . fuck . legit . its so annoying
User 2: i like you a bit too much too .
User 1: it's hard for me to imagine anything else rn . i can't
User 2: i was just thinking about our first kiss tomorrow .
User 1: fuck . ugh . bro i died . i was telling myself
User 2: anhthing else ?
User 1: "don't stop him from kissing you ever"
User 2: yeah fucking please
User 1: like w anybody else
User 2: oh . oh .
User 1: "he wants to kiss you in the middle of a cafe, okay, no complaints ."
User 2: cool i'm not blushing at all . i'll control itna dw
User 1: but just saying . yep in for any kind of pda . don't care anymore . i'm meeting my boy
User 2:  ! !
User 1: if the world can't accomodate for that . it can go fuck itself
User 2: okay you're making me too happy
User 1: yeah . that . bfly
User 2: bfly .
User 1: a lot . phew major heart meltign is happening
User 2: oh man i don't even know what to say . same . kind of lost for words
User 1: crazy . how we're so far . yet feeling the same fkn thing . ah blows my mind
User 2: from it lab end sem day
User 1: huh
User 2: yeah i might be feeling thoda more so not same same .
User 1: i don't think so at all . you don't express it then .
User 2: i thought you meant how far we've come . and i meant what we were the day you came to the hospital . and then from leaving me alone with parv to now .
User 1: okay phew that's rough
User 2: you don't even know what you're getting for 31st khali khali you want to blabber . haha worth it now . that we've come till here .
User 1: what . yep . i love when you put hindi in the middle . i can legit imagine it in your voice
User 2: you know it's already related to our short history and related to the things we share . dw it lit .
User 1: okay why tf are you this nice to me
User 2: bro i felt like i was hearing yiu talk after so long when you called
User 1: it's kind of hot . fuxk . oh i was fkd then
User 2: you deserve it . nothing less .
User 1: but talking dast . phew rhis is heavy
User 2: you kinda hot sitting baked with that polka on
User 1: dark circles darker than my soul
User 2: yeah and i had been sleeping for forty-five minutes when you called . understood each and every word . kinda needed that for my ears
User 1:  . lyy
User 2: and lips softer than a rose .
User 1: umm what about the anxiety chewing of my lips . yeah i'm fkd up
User 2: bad meets evil . 
User 2: baked baked . jk
User 1: yes
User 2: i didn't know what to say
User 1: tru . 4:20 . ayo . im baked at 4:29
User 2: happy four hundred and twenty
User 1: 4:20z
User 2: i'm j again
User 1: you too my love
User 2: how many times in twenty-four hours will you make me feel jealous
User 1: what time we meeting . you also made me feel .
User 2: when will you wake up
User 1: dw about that
User 2: with food
User 1: babe for you i'll be there in a heartbeat  . chilling w friends
User 2: uber won't . you're not a friend .
User 1:  . okay i'm being weird eep
User 2: let it all out . i woke up for this only . raw anushka
User 1: lmao . you got it
User 2: what time do you want to come 
User 1: oh bro today these peeps saw manipal anushka . manipal anushka is too cool dude
User 1: any time you say
User 2: i did know only one she was lit lit during my time with her . afternoon we can meet
User 1: okie
User 2: video csl
User 1: no no
User 2: fine . don't tease like this then . 
User 1: by mistake i called sorry bbyy
User 2: what is this behavior . now i'm angry . now someone has to make up to me .
User 1: yeah btw . you're still not touchign my tits
User 2: cool idm only fingering you too .
User 1: on my period . 
User 2: oh man .
User 1: so unfortunate . i know . i was thinking . that only . lmao
User 2: no
User 1: one  mf for you for sure . okay yeah
User 2: we can pretend we don't know and we can repeat few past events . you get it out of me ! . not my fucking fault
User 1: let's not really talk about you fingering me . 
User 2: yeah i can't talk about my dreams either . wow
User 1: liar
User 2: such a nice partner . i thought i'd send you my tits
User 1: it's cause i dont wanna get  at 4:30 am
User 2: who does that
User 1: i did that once
User 2: fine .
User 1: sorry
User 2: yeah man . kinda not accepted
User 1: cool
User 2: if you've started then it must stop
User 1: no more tit pics, noted .
User 2: mustnt .  .
User 2: cool  . yeah please don't stop me tomorrow .
User 1: alreay decided
User 2: i kinda can't stop thinking about kissing you and hugging you .
User 1: will stop for fingering tho . oh bro same . fuck
User 2: i'll still try you know it
User 1: ik
User 2: yum
User 1: fuck that was too funny
User 2: i haven't had the balls to tell anyone in mumbai
User 1: even though it was too fkd up for me in the moment . low-key glad it happened . too iconic
User 2: you squealed like a bitch . omg
User 1: ya . bro when i saw the blood
User 2: only because of this no . 
User 1: i legit was thinking of there was any way i could get already with is . it . away . like clean your hand without you notifying . noticing . and then i saw how much . and i was like . fuck
User 1: have to tell him . 
User 2: first day no
User 1: didn't tell you this
User 2: oh you thought and all also
User 1: hehe
User 2: yeah wtf
User 1: ya . hehe
User 2: i thought it was your first reaction
User 1: nope
User 2: dont lie
User 1: yeah . i'm a good liar when it matters . 
User 2: matters it seems . wow
User 2:  little slut .
User 1: bro it was too awkward for me . phew
User 2: love . it . first period with me . fair enough .
User 1: ya you only made me like this man . now deal w it .
User 2: i didn't sign . up for this butt
User 1: ya you didn't sign up . sure . your slut, you're ready for sexy time whenever . you
User 2: i'm still ready rn just saying . also
User 1: exactly
User 2: because . of . your . sexuality . oho . okay . like you're a bomb in a mini package .
User 1: cool cool cool
User 2: and i find you too attractive .
User 1: let's fuck soon pls ty . sorry i'm a little impolite
User 2: and like in a cute way . and then suddenly it's a hot way . please .
User 1: but sometimes you gotta be . to get what you want . i feel the same about you wtf . like you're this super cute dude . and then fuck
User 2: dual nature of anushka . like the electron .
User 1: hot
User 2: yeah that one line turned me on . fuck . i hate you have a switch over mw
User 1: eazy peazy . yeah i love it
User 2: i guess i'll just be myself tonight too sigh . hey do you want to volunteer .  . jk . you high high
User 1: what shall i help w tonight . oh cool
User 2:  .  . yeah okay nevermind .
User 1: yep pls pls make my periods go away and fuck me thanks . okay sorry . little too direct
User 2: no
User 1: but yep . umm . it's tru . so what to do . 
User 2: stop saying it
User 1: saying what
User 2: i guess nothing to do but bang your brains out . take the sexy anushka and put her in the closet
User 1: yep let's go . okay
User 2: or
User 1: she's waking to the closet . walking . almost there
User 2: tell her to go the the washroom instead
User 1: opening the door . no . not me
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: wrong gif boy . i don't wanna see a baby . when i'm talking about fucking you . 
User 2: but you are hiding that sexy body from me
User 1: or does this mean you want babies w me
User 2: how can i fuck you virtually also then . hmm . hidden messages . maybe maybe
User 1: maybe maybe . 
User 2: yeah i'm too hard for you rn 
User 1: ikk . yo this is a great combo . i'm drunk enough to be confident and high enough to fkn enjoy it and not think twenty-nine million, seven hundred and thirty-nine thousand, two hundred and seventy-one times before stupid things . sending stupid things . get whay i'm saying ? . why you offline
User 2: i do . hence i snapped you before only . i'm always one step ahead anush
User 1: wait seeinf . so cute . fav face
User 2: i'm kinda done with whatsapp .
User 1: lmao . hey . it's too early in the morning :p
User 2: why are we always  at this time
User 1: hahahahaha it's late . we're alone . simple
User 2: sounds like how i want to be all the time . oops
User 1: samesies . phew tjay was some major confidence . from my side . be grateful
User 2: i'm still masturbating thinking about you so well
User 1: i hope it helped
User 2: it's over ? . um duh . fucking hell
User 1: i'm sorry but yes
User 2: last
User 1: we've been at it for an hour i think
User 2: pleasee
User 1: okie what do you want say fast
User 2: i'm not ordering food
User 2: how many pictures to you delete every time we do this i want to know that . but later
User 1: so this time it was actually like max 34
User 2: anything jaan
User 1: i didn't really think
User 2: nice good .
User 1: dude i just got in my bed
User 2: okay okay . it's fine text me
User 1: all of that tiredness is hitting . yes
User 2:  . aw . cutie
User 1: but wow
User 2: yeah we are the naughtiest just before sunrise . okay you can talk to . i'll agree and never disagree now
User 1: dude remember when we fkd like thrice in a row or something ? when was that . was it my bday ? . idk . say
User 2: yes . why
User 1: oh thank god i remembered . na was just thinking . that was the last time we fkd in manipal na
User 2: yeah we haven't fucked near enough . no . last day also da
User 1: wait when i slept over ? . acchawa
User 2: it's okay you don't need to remember everything
User 1: yeah it's been some time
User 2: highlights . too long ? ?
User 1: ya
User 2: maybe we should get together real soon . yeah i can't wait to be in you . fuck .
User 1: okay legit this made my stomach drop . yk what i'm talking about .  ? ?
User 2: dw your panties drop next .
User 1: hahahhaa . yeah cool cool
User 2: okay anushka you're too hot . and you need to hear this as often as i think it . so well . i'm thinking about you rn .
User 1: ya dont knwo whay to say . but thanks hahaha
User 2:  . don't say that lol
User 1: ya i am too ofc man . idk whay to say . but it's cool thatbyou think so
User 1: cause ya def same page . lmao . ya i'll remember this when you call me flat again 
User 2: even you want to do  ? ? wooho
User 1: notice how i said when and not if
User 2: exactly . 
User 1: omg in
User 2: you know me too well when you know you have clothes on . oh really
User 1: ya you mad attracted to me yo
User 2: too late to deny
User 1: hahahaha ya ofc my dude . it kind of is . oopsies
User 2: great fuck let's go
User 1: wait are you serious serious ?
User 2: it's fine i don't have to deny it to anyone . i started as joke tbh
User 1: like do you wanna ever try it in your life . ya thats what  . perfectt
User 2: seems too painful for the girl tbh
User 1: i like how we're having parallel conversations about how you're attracted to me and your views on  . kind of perf
User 2: apan multithreading ke saath marege . like us . anushka i'm excited to meet you tomorrow .
User 1: yeah sorry sorry . i went offline . finally phew . all i had to do was send some nudes phew . okay jen . i should sleep so i don't sleep when i'm actually w you . take care my babyy . gn to the crazy boy i like a lot . and sleep tight . hope i'm in your dreams
User 2: no da .  . yes okay
User 1: i'm jk-ing
User 2: it helps but can't deny . always
User 2: goodnight anush
User 1: byee
User 2: gmm
User 1: hi gm
User 2: how do you sleep so less it bothers me
User 1: bro i'll die when i meet . hopefully today's plan involves a ton of coffee
User 2: of course your addictions are  considered
User 1: oh dude i'm still kind of drunkhigh
User 2: exactly .  . a bath should change it . have breakfast
User 1: yeah . just told my dad also i'm meeting you
User 2: andd
User 1: ya ya all peace
User 2: sounds like you, sounds perfect .
User 1: bro idk why i ended up  yesterday . and dude i got that funny walla  . wala
User 2: because you're a stoner ? . hahahhaha
User 1: and everyone is laughing like mad
User 2: ae good only
User 1: at whatever i'm saying .  . i was legit speaking shit
User 2: but you aren't that funny . i'm sure 
User 1: yeah you wish i wasn't funny so you'd be the funny one in this relationship
User 2: i'm glad you had a great nightt .  . we both are the weird ones in this . no space for funny
User 1: i'm pretty fkn funny . like . situational humour type funny
User 2: hahahha okay fine
User 1: ty . for . givint . me . that . ly
User 2: bfly . i'm excited to meet youu . too much we have to talk about . i don't think askreddit will happen today lol
User 1: omg hahahaha . what time we meeting . and where should i come . we can meet at your sutta place first ? . and decide from there ? . bro i swear to god terrence is the nicest fkn guy
User 2: will you come from the eastern freeway ?
User 1: he's too perfect
User 2:  . i feel you'll end up breaking him and his gf up itna you love him 
User 1: died . fuck . idk whatever google maps says is fast
User 2: wait . yeah he's actually too nice
User 1: he's the perf person . lmao . i want to learn this from him dude . he's too balancedd . i get such a positive vibe from hin . he's always so chilled
User 2: that's his job tbh . but this . bro we have to grow up and learn this properly . because we clearly don't do it well . also yeah closest route is eastern freeway . so cool we'll meet there
User 1: eep too real .  . i'm just suggesting if you have something in mind we can do that also . what do you have in mind . we can do kala ghoda cafe also ?
User 2: anything is fine . i was thinking we'll do bowling and go karting at smash . but like anything whatsoever is finen . then we'll drive around of course . but anything
User 1: okiee . that also sounds cool . what time we meeting . saysay
User 2: no no you decide whatever because we can sit and talk for hours . too much left  . one hundred and forty-five will be peaceful at least . you say man
User 1: yaa dude . i don't mind meeting early
User 2: someone is to desperate to meet me
User 1: how close is cst to your place
User 2: 20ish mins . you dw about sobo
User 1: my grandparents are leaving . thought i'd meet them before they leave . sort
User 2: yeah i can pick you up from cst
User 1: from smaash how far that's the real question
User 2: cst se we'll go to one hundred and forty-five
User 1: no mid way of being w you i was thinking i'll say bye bye to my grandparents
User 2: oh then one hundred and forty-five only because it's at fort
User 1: what's one hundred and forty-five
User 2: oh wait you mean kalaghoda cafe the small place . yeah yeah it's there only sorry . another cafe
User 1: can do that also
User 2: yeah so no smash
User 1: let's do bowling not go karting
User 2: smash is far from cst
User 1: accha . some other bowling place then
User 2: only at smash :p in souuth . idm smaash cst and then kalaghoda . what time but
User 1: 6 . ish . i'll confirm w papa also
User 2: tell time first
User 1: bro you say . pls i beg you
User 2: this time confirm
User 1: ya that only . i can not go also . i'll spend time w them abhi . that is also peace . brother also isn't going in the station . i'll check tho once
User 2: confirm grandparents scene then tell me . because smash will be done in an hour max
User 1: okie
User 2: yeah you should really meet me fast . i bathed in coffee
User 1: i just drank coffee omg
User 2: tel
User 1: ya don't really have to go
User 2: okay perfect . then we can do smash first
User 1: okie
User 2: the blue tokai cafe or kalaghoda . and then we can smash .
User 1: blue tokai will be a first for me . lmao kidhar pagal
User 2: even i havent been to their cafes . but their coffees are too good . in my dreams
User 1: okay done . i'm sold yo
User 2: or like while driving nininni
User 1: let's go
User 2: hehe
User 1: pagal
User 2: you park in shady places where people walk and see and i cant do that . what i can do, tried and tested, is while driving . just saying . lool
User 1: k . yeah that don't work for me tbh
User 2: then just keep your hand on top of mine on the gear
User 1: let's see
User 2: yeah go fuck yourself then . howaboutda
User 1: lmao . bro say when should i leave
User 2: lol . are you having lunch at home ?
User 1: ya ya . i'll leave from here at 2 ? . or 3 ?
User 2: plis . i  want to spend maxx time
User 1: okiee
User 2: im greedy like that
User 1: dude alcohol totally fucks w my stomach . i don't feel hungry at all
User 2: oho
User 1: like the idea of eating makes me wanna throw up
User 2: throw up . and then eatt
User 1: wow
User 2: drink water
User 1: great advice . ah good idea . dude i drank anything that was on the table
User 2: ive actually done that aftrer alcohol lol
User 1: and there was only good alcohol bro . you're mad
User 2: so you clearly didnt stop . haha nice
User 1: rich people things
User 2: lovee . non manipal people things
User 1: yaa . so i'm meeting one of the girls from my old school who i met yesterday . tomorrow
User 2: arusha could smoke all of them . still she respects it enough to call for old monk first lol
User 1: for yeah you're a rich fuck as well
User 2: oh you made the plan yesterday only ?
User 1: she insta dm'd me
User 2: arusha . sliding in hmm . time for some girl on girl . been to long for you
User 1: her accent is too much tho omg
User 2: kaha se lata hai yeh
User 1: oh she studies in lancaster
User 2: dude if you get an accent at this age after such a short time then you're just pretentious af
User 1: she's been there for three years almost . 2
User 2:  . yeah you should really hang with normal people who have studied abroad
User 1: dude half the room was abroad only . dude i met one really cute girl dude . i died . and our music taste just clicked like mad
User 2: everyone was just competing who is the most possh
User 1: we were legit fangirling togethwr
User 2: yeah thats true . this happens . we meant of the white life . lol
User 1: and then she talks about how much she loves  and hates alcohol . and i came right there . she studies in cali . so legal  . she was legit perf . studies microbiology . and i dont remember her name bro . i'll ask the dude who's bday it was . legit . she was so sweet
User 2: she insta dmed you no
User 1: no this is another girl
User 2: ohh
User 1: the insta dm one i know from before
User 2: aw . yeah yeah got it
User 1: like, people that pretty are not that sweet .
User 2: must fuckk . they dont have to be :p
User 1: she was too cool dude . legit goals . i got too excited talking to her and she was just laughinh . so yeah . embarassed myself there also
User 2: no . she also liked you . i'm suree . 
User 1: ew you're mad
User 2: i'd fucking pay to watch . i like a nice movie for me
User 1: pagal
User 2: hi anushka only few hours till we met . oh man . the christmas market at pheonix kinda shut down . like it was only till 25th . opps
User 1: huh
User 2: arre the pheonix mall was decorated and they always have like extra stalls set up . cute decor . argh . okay i'm asking a friend where all we can go . because . i realised . i've been away from sobo for too long
User 1: okiee
User 2: okay so you'll leave at two no ? . text me when you . do
User 1: yesyes . tell me where to come . i'll come to that school ?
User 2: just get down from the free way and i'll be waiting there
User 1: man . what do i put on the uber
User 2: dockyard road . yeah i got an awesome plan in place . i'll tell you when we meet . and then we can adjust itt
User 1: omg . ojie
User 2: what's the scene
User 1: leaving in 10 . pakka
User 2: okay .  ?
User 1: in the car . yo . dude i owed you something . some money . i remember . but idk how much . or for what
User 2: good
User 1: bro i forgot my earphones fuck
User 2: time . 
User 1: no . i remember telling you . to remember
User 2: time value of money
User 1: yeah i'll slap you when i meet you . fuck i'm too mad about this . i had songs i had to hear . fuck
User 2: had to ? . 
User 1: i hate this
User 2: it's fine you listen in my car
User 1: ya some new stuff
User 2: aww . how many minutes is it showingg
User 1: 3:30ish
User 2: perfect . your boi will be ready for you .
User 1: i'll tell you okay . generally this timing is thoda unreliable
User 2: m .  ? ? . what are you even doing in the car lol
User 1: hey wait a sec . chatting w the guy . lmao
User 2: lol
User 1: how far are you from where i'm getting off . so the moment i get off the freeway
User 2: ten
User 1: where should i go lmao
User 2: just stay there . oh you reached ? ?
User 1: nono . i will hit the freeway soon . will tell you
User 2: send your location da
User 1: live location shared
User 2: oh you're going to take a nice while
User 1: lmao . i'm on the freeway only
User 2: okay i'll be ready w sutts . yas
User 1: cutie . oh you reached .  ? . shit
User 2: no no i'm at home only
User 1: acchaa
User 2: i'll leave accordingly . you relaxd . excited to meet you . see you 
User 1: okiee . see you . ya hope you left
User 2: yep just did
User 1: yo . i'm waitinh here
User 2: how did it go . you good ? . i'm back
User 1: hey . they haven't notcied i'm high yet . sorry i replied late . yes, you ?
User 2: yeah you're a good actir
User 1: although i'm being weird
User 2: of course . mom liked quadratini too loll
User 1: ep . mom came back . and she's forcing to sit w her . but i'm too high . indont wanna be here . i'm getting my room after so many days
User 2: lol that's why i left my mom's room too . i said it was too hot . kikkl . finaly . haha truly . hey anushka . i really had fun today .
User 1: omg yay . i really wanna leave omg . i'm too tired . i need space . need to go back . to my room
User 2: the drive back was so good omg
User 1: and my eyes are getting red again
User 1: oh man, me too . agreed
User 2: wash your face please . :') . idk you kept apologising . maddo
User 1: i had too much fun haha
User 2: okay today you were nastier than me . and that was very surprising . good surprise
User 1: haw i wasn't that nasty also . okay
User 2:  . ? . were you with someone else . or was i with someone else . because oh my god . we just didn't stop ? ? . yeah you out did yourself .  . fuck .
User 1: lmao . 
User 2: yeah i don't want to lose this either .
User 1: omgg . dying
User 2: we should really talk about that later . how baked are you
User 1: yeah . v . baked . even now . bro
User 2:  . 
User 1: the brownies were in my bsg . and paranoid me
User 2: i know
User 1: is so smart . i mixed it w the other brownies 
User 2: put it with the others . 
User 1: i remembered :') . i'm so proud . of myself
User 2: i wanted to taste yours mann
User 1: okay okay let's talk about how shit i am later on
User 2: smh we are too forgetful . i love how we have so may issues while saying bye 
User 1: ya . never feels right . something is always missing
User 2: more time . and yeah that road is so much better than all your other ss
User 1: agreed . yeah
User 2: i need more time with you . i need to cuddle and watch a movie with you
User 1: omg . asap
User 2: we're spending 31st together)
User 1: hi . yess . wru now . wyd . jenit . i'm gonna go sleep
User 2: sorry sorry
User 1: i'm kind of dying rn
User 2: even i kinda feel asleep
User 1: aw .  babies
User 2: fuck need to remove lenses
User 1: omg
User 2: fuck . you need to be asap . talking like yoda lol
User 1: bro i'm so shelly
User 2: yeah i want to spend the night with you
User 1: sleepy
User 2: aw . okay okay let's sleep
User 1: dude i'm dying . see you tomorrow morning
User 2: see youu
User 1: hi . gm
User 2: good morning anushka . are you still intoxicated from any 
User 1: low-key feeling baked
User 2: fuck bro yesterday we basically spent the entire day . like woke up got ready and then directly went to sleeo . 
User 1: hahahaha omg too real
User 2: dudee . like i didn't find the lighter . but i just realised . we could haves stilld one the sutt
User 1: how
User 2: cars have that push to heat coil for cigs . and my car has an ash thing so im 100 sure its there . fuck
User 1: ya i thought about that . i didn't know if your car had it . lmao
User 2: i showed you an ash box with a smoking sign on it . omg . you dumb dumb . ah . needed that last sutta of the night . we had to throw it
User 1: shitt . okay . :(
User 2: that hurt
User 1: how was the ride back bbg
User 2: oh man . so fucking good . so i was scared that i could doze off . paranoid
User 1: han
User 2: so like i turned to nirvana acdc and led zeppelin, full volume . and didnt go under 4th gear
User 1: omg . omg . wow
User 2: i reached inn forty-six mins
User 1: sounds too cool
User 2: oh man . yeah it was too fuckiing good . and wouldn't have happened if i didnt drop you . like a stupid girl you kept apologising uf . yeah i had too much fun
User 1: lmao
User 2: sorry if i scared you with my driving loll
User 1: yeah man samee . legit . too much fun . no no not at all . dude wtf that arcade area was too trippy 
User 2: as soon as that pool game got over i was like okay im highh
User 1: and omg even that was so trippy
User 2: yeah i missed being high with you
User 1: lmao
User 2: would do that again one hundred
User 1: me too . yeah man for sure
User 2: stop being so naughty all the time i cant keep up
User 1: oh accha . you asked for this anushka . so you fkn got this anushka . can't complain now
User 2: oh man . oh man . yeeah maybe i got greedy and asked for too much . what to do now
User 1: hehehehe . wydd
User 2: yeah i kinda have to study everyday now . they have given too much to study . like the python shit obviously i'll skip cos mama idnt raise no df . but yeah . so many new things i dont know jack about
User 1: omg . 
User 2: they've literally given links to study from so many topics
User 1: ay
User 2: omfg
User 1: sounds cool
User 2: i'm drowningg
User 1: chal even i'll study today
User 2: you have notes to study from . or just like general topic names
User 1: links mainly . of general topics
User 2: aws and shit ? . fuck bro amazon is too lit lol
User 1: you started studying without me . dude
User 2: yeah . sorry ? . lol . they gave it so fucking late man . kinda have to catch up before i go . they are taking a test when we join it was said in the email like wtff . hi . yeah even you should start studying from today :p . when are you meeting that friend
User 1: bitch . what . that is too weird wtf . shush already ik . idk she hasn't replied so . dude . i feel like i forgot small stuff from yesterday . dude . i cried na
User 2: no questions asked man . do something about it . not exactly
User 1: doing now pakka i'll try
User 2: like you just breathed really deep so that the tears didn't come out
User 1: no i remember wiping away tears at some point . oh okay 
User 2: okay ha then this . i'm sorry for that . m
User 1: ya you said some hard stuff then . and you were on a roll
User 2: im sorry . 
User 1: like i think i was in a super emotional high and then it was suddenly so many technicalities
User 2: i just wanted to get my point out once and for all . fuck . sorryy
User 1: i remember saying
User 2: really .  ? . i'm sorry anushka didn't want to upset you that badly . i was just putting my thought forward as clearly as i could keeping the feelings aside .
User 1: yep yep
User 2: and i'm so glad you said the middle ground thing because that's a must for me . tell
User 1: ya this only . that why does it have to be so extreme
User 2: it doesn't truee . i don't want it to be
User 1: and ya, can't forget about you that easily na
User 2: same . but i'm really sorry for upsetting you and going on that talking spree
User 1: omg . don't apologize
User 2: it's really hard to see you cry
User 1: i cry all the fkn time . it's my thing
User 2: you do it for some other reason idc . not because of me . 
User 1: yeah but whatever you said was right only . so don't think that my crying means disagreement
User 2: okay okay . sad acceptance . yeah for me too
User 1: it just means that i agree with what you say but i cant help feeling bad about the situation . ya . jinx
User 2: yeah it's fine you win :) . man can't . hehe we becoming known .
User 1: yeah i got awws as well
User 2:  . fromm
User 1: lmao . idk why w each person i'm talkimg about some nasha
User 2: literally all chats  . my . muslim girl didn't text me wtf . argh . but hahahah
User 1: ya lmao  . i put it first na
User 2: we just those kinda love birds i guess . need to be intoxicated max . cheater cheater cock eater
User 1: guess we kinda aree . okay this is disgusting
User 1: don't ever say that again ty
User 2: hahahah . okayy . you sort out your plans for the day . study
User 1: too difficult . i don't want to meet people any moree
User 2: and must play cod with me . 
User 1: i wanna stay in my room and cry panic . or chill out
User 2:  weird options . why butt . paris is so close that's why 
User 1: did you upload the pic for the yearbook .  ? . ya . dude i'm so sad that i'm leaving india . even if it's for three months . i was taking a shower today . thinking . why i wanted all of thiss . it's so oberwhelming
User 2: oh fuck must do i'm too picky because it will be in the yearbook ! . idk what to upload you show yours
User 1: ya vasvi dmd me . you think i know wow . i hste every pic of me on the planet . how to pick one idk
User 2: because that's the next step . lol she just texted me too . 
User 2: you're putting a nice one only na . not like proper formals and shit . bro that google drive from farewell . something on that hass to be good enough . fuck . let's see what others have put no 
User 1: send what you are putting
User 2: i'm seeing what pics others have put and will decide . sahil cropped a random picture of him without white background and all . i'll do the same
User 1: us cousins baked a little . and this was happening
User 2: oh man this is so cute . a little sure . i can see the high eyes from the side loll . dare you to upload
User 1: lmao .  . you can't even see my eyes in this 
User 2: there aren't any
User 1: shush
User 2: supposed to be in formals 
User 1: amrit put a laughing one . i'll crop most of it . dyuti is wearing lipstick
User 2: but these are really pretty pictures why the fuck do you no upload anything .  . i saw 
User 1: if i crop this it'll be fine i guess ? . the next best one i can think of . are the ugly ones i took for the microsoft id
User 2: bro if it's allowed then it's to good .  . show . bro put this only it's to nice
User 1: my hair looks bomb here tho . no facial hair
User 2: bro your hair looks too good here to ! . i can say the same for your pussy so clearly we both don't get what we want . 
User 1: looks better in the other one, cold weather does wonders for my hair .  . but look for another one . maybe from the wedding
User 2: shall remember that . but i think it happens to everyone :p . hair itself doesn't like humidity . in cold places i look too nice . nothing . you deleted this message
User 1: no for most people they prefer sunny weather . like most of my fam hates their hair in the winters . chal we'll stay in a cold place when we get married . bro apparently jan is the coldest month in paris . i think i'll die dude
User 2: maybe they've never lived all their life next to the coast . fuck in summers i look like a labourer
User 1: lol same
User 2: date toh ho nahi raha yeh ladki ke sapne dekho .  . perfect . noo
User 1: i get cold in the uber .
User 2: arre toh there you take proper jackets no
User 1: the thing is, i get cold fast but can sustain it for long lmao
User 2: bro its going till 3degrees hahaha . noicee . okay so everytime your nipples get hard you gotta snap me . just like a mini deal . coolcoolcool . please to get annoyed
User 1: okie that will be a little too often if the temp is like 3 . yeah don't care sorry . i asked terence . what the dress code is
User 2: i'll wait
User 1: lmao
User 2: hahahaha
User 1: i felt like an idiot asking . but legit question
User 2: lol . what did he say
User 1: he said smart casual . not sporty . wtf is smart casual .  . i think it means . no oversized tees
User 2: what everyone in paris wears on a daily basis
User 1:  . 
User 2: bro you're going to come back with a sick fashion sense i can assure you . oh too hot you'll ve . progress wow .
User 1: i hope my dude . i'll go shopping there
User 2: you have to . i mean you will anyway . get girlfriends theree . oh man
User 1: phew i really need this . idk how i'll get
User 2: yeah uff dont become too hot okay stay thoda in my league
User 1: im out of your league abhi also okay pls . 
User 2: by being yourself and hoping people get charmed byby it
User 2: like i did .
User 1: 'hoping'
User 2: dafuq . lol . best case scenario . you clearly dont see yourself in the mirror often enough
User 1: oh . okay coolcool . got it . bye
User 2: bye . because they have sunglasses and shit so many pcitures i cant upload also
User 1: ya this is perf
User 2: arghh . noo . i look better than this ya . wait i'm asking arusha for this one picture
User 1: this is so nice
User 2: dynelle had uploaded it i remember . oh fuck . oh maan . found a better one . uf . wait . i have to edit it first . found a better one . man so i've noticed this defect in my face argh . whenever i have to smile properly or for a long time, my left eye becomee thoda zyada small
User 1: lmao . even i'm asymmetrical . w my lips . this is better
User 2: yeah you dont know only anything . stupid girl . lol noticed . heh . but its fine, when we dont have to act fake and pretend to be happy and smile, we are perfect . at least you are . hi . was a good nap . hi . what are you up to look . lol
User 1: wtf . sorry was sleepingyy
User 2: heard you liked nico gum hehehe . of course you deserve it after the intense study sess
User 1: shush already
User 2: sorry for the late reply was busy becoming elite 1 . hahahahha
User 1: ugh
User 2: why didnt you meett your friend
User 1: she didn't reply i'll tell you these hfs peeps are fakes
User 2: hahahaha mine reply and cancel the plann
User 1: lmao
User 2: lol she gonna hit you with the omg i'm so sorry so many things came up . 
User 1: this is worse tbh . ya dude that's why i didn't evwn plan anything w rehan . now idk when to meet rehan
User 2: when is he in town till . 
User 1: he works here only . in mumbai . aiesec india
User 2: oh then fine only no
User 1: the only reason i'm delaying meeting him . is cause he talks too much about aiesec
User 2: jassil gonna be here soon too  then you show him around mumbai as well :p . so
User 1: man
User 2: he's working there i mean fair enough especially because you know shit he's talking about .  . that's how old boys hit up tho
User 1: listen . come online
User 2: sup
User 1: dude should i meet this guy tomorrow ? ? . it's weird
User 2: it's your wish bro
User 1: my social anxiety is kicking in
User 2: why you asking mee .  . relatable
User 1: asking cause this chillchill
User 2: talk to your best friend about it ?
User 1: she toh will ofc say go go
User 2: i mean okay yeah she made the plan . hahah . any other reason for the reluctance ?
User 1: chal i said yes . he's coming to powai only
User 2: what plans but . o . perfect
User 1: ya dude . i told shreyasi
User 2: you can bounce whenever you want that was
User 1: that no way am i going anywhere . for someone i dont even know  . she's like, ofc he'll come here only
User 2: oho wasnt the point to show him mumbai 
User 1: no no . just socialize . that's whay she said
User 2: oh man your friend is scaring me 
User 1: right ? . i again pointed it out
User 2: twenty-one year olds shouldnt "socialize"
User 1: i said i'm not telling my mom
User 2:  . jkjkjk .  ? . why tho
User 1: cause this sounds lawful lot like a set up . just to tell her
User 2:  .
User 1: an awful . and she didn't respond to it . dude what'll i tell my parents . mom does so much natak sometimes when i go to meet friends . what'll the reaction be for a friend of a friend who i've never spoken to
User 2:  . oh we've been through that phase of discussion . hahababha . you know what this sounds like ? . a you-problem  . even your friend left you for the ruins heheh . but it's fine it's not big deal . except the parents thing . that you really have to figure hehehhe
User 1:  . yeah i'll lie
User 2: oh thank god they know you met me yesterdat
User 1: hehehehehe
User 2: incase you get caught at least my name wont come . lol
User 1: i just described our entire day to my mom
User 2: i safe safe
User 1: she loves you lol
User 2: hope you left some things out . hahaha
User 1: lmao ofc
User 2: for dropping you back
User 1: ya that mainly  . lmao i didn't study only today
User 2: tell her plus he's too nice to me and he has also made me naughtier than before so that's always a plus for the futuree . (in the bed lol)
User 1:  . 
User 2: and yet everyone has met your bro fam rio . except me .
User 1: omg come come . pls . hi
User 2: yeah no thanks . maybe you're thinking more straight than i am . can't call a hookup home . fair enough
User 1: :(
User 1: man . stfu . pls ffs . i know iy . you know it
User 2: why to deny .
User 1: then why tf all this bs
User 2: tru . i jk
User 1: legit i'll slap you . not even kidding
User 2: i shall not deny my feelings for you henceforth . how does that sound
User 1: much better (those feelings better be good)
User 2: i love how you have to make sure and specify it clearly haahahaha . aw . yeah we weird weird . love . it .
User 1: yeah sucks to be me
User 2: but you're good at this part . so well . no complains from my end . :p . bro
User 1: haan
User 2: i feel like i'll meet everyone from your fam at the airport when you're leaving for paris only . hahahahha . ininin
User 1: omgg wtf
User 2: please make sure some other friends are also theree
User 1: lmao . who will be there 
User 2: i dont wanna be the only "friend" there . call rehan man idgaf . arusha
User 1: my two other besties are leaving before only . pagal hai kya bc
User 2:  .
User 1: no no i won't ask her to comee . it's too much
User 2: i don't know man if you tell him he toh will def come . yeah then im out too .
User 1: okay .
User 2: im . not . going . to . come . alone . im . too . scared . and . shy . if you were a friend then it would have been like siddhant meeting your parents
User 1: technically in my mom's eyes we are friends only . that have just told each other we like each other . lmao
User 2: well v technically speaking aren't we ? :p . you dont bring technicality in front of an engineer anushka . but on a serious note lol you think your mom parents are stupid or what . itna toh they know ya . like if your brother saays that yeah i've just spoken to a girl and we confessed we liked each other, then that she can believe . even your parents know you arent seedha saadha
User 1: yo . lmao . come online now . also jen . bfly too much okay . i popped a brownie dude wtf is wrong w me
User 2: oh man this is soo cool ! . fuckk . google album videos folyf
User 1: right
User 2: same . sorry for the late reply i'm out hehe . i've been asking you since a long time . but quater . micro dosing 100 .  . i showed this my friend and told him this is what it feels like to be in knee deep problem .  . jkjk . it yeah fuck too many apt things on the net . yesterday just looking at you i was turned on . oh man . anushka you're beautiful :) .
User 1: yeah kind of crossed that . yo you're a  . really . i admit its cringey just stfu and take it . not asking for a response . oh dude my friend just reminded me of a vv weird thing that happened once . some random dude, v cute, had come to me and the mentioned friend . he was damn cute okay, like we both had seen him from far and we're like, "fuck he's too cute" . so he came to us . and said, "hi do you know where hiranandani gardens is ?" . so i told him, "you are in hiranandani gardens" . at this point i understood this is some kind of stupid prank cause i can see him control his smile and then he goes, "where's the garden" . and we just stood there convincing him that there's no single garden that is the hiranandani garden . and he's straight up arguing w us . "where's the garden" . and then i screamed at him . "bro let me tell ypu theres no garden" . and i pointed at the garden next to us . and told him if he's looking for a garden he can go there . and then he starts laughing and calls his friends over . and they tell us it was just something they thought was funny when they were baked . okay sorry for blabbering
User 2:  how much . i'll reply slow ha . just taking it in cool . done .  always love a story that starts like this
User 1: my bro took this
User 1: look at ri  . cool
User 2:  . when was this !
User 1: really long back
User 2: oh man
User 1: i didn't really know about  as such . hat old . that
User 2: is that from yesterday !
User 1: ya !
User 2: i donth think that was ever . you were born with thc in your mouth
User 1: cutie 
User 2: and yeah
User 1: bro i made the mistake . of going for another piece of the brownie . yum
User 2: i want to be in the rio position he seems too comfy . idm being that
User 1: hehehhehe done
User 2: 2 ?
User 1: ya
User 2: i like stories man .
User 1: actually
User 2: you keep typing
User 1: four quatyers
User 2: i love reading and talking to you .  . guess who is going to get brownies too after listening to your night
User 1: lmao . go get it gurl
User 2: okay bro we are doing 31st right ?
User 1: ya let's do ? . talk to me when you're back okay . plss . miss you
User 2: in . no . now . text . me . i . i had only thoda . my2 .
User 1: why
User 2: idk last night i was high high bro . i'm kinda feeling it already . fuck that was fast
User 1: oh dude ya kinda fkd over here . ya you were it's so cute to see fr
User 2:  . okay i think i'll have more  . okay so school friends are making a plan for 31st . they have a bungalow . so i said i'm with you . and they kinda invited you too . and they'll be doing e . and you can try too . or like we can stick to the original plan . tell me your thoughts
User 1: woah omg . sounds damn cool . idk let's talk about it tonight .  ?
User 2: yas . so like only one guy asked . i'll ask others also if it's chill . they won't say no tho lol . yeah you'll see what kind of school friends you're supposed to have :) . unlike hfs :p
User 1: yeah let's see . i'll probably be too nervous to talk
User 2: lol . see we both know that's not true
User 1: hi . dude
User 2: and my friends are professional at making people fell comfy
User 1: i'm kind of fkd . ay cutee
User 2: i ate so much more lol . feel . 
User 1: oh
User 2: i'm still out so we'll talk about it laterb . but what you upto . don't play cod
User 1: okie come back fast
User 2: i'm elite
User 1: miss you
User 2: yas . bfly .
User 1: but keep texting me . pls . lmao you left right when i said that
User 2: ya . you dw . i gotchu
User 1: perfect . waiting for my parents to fall asleep
User 2: suttaa
User 1: so i can maybe grab a sutt
User 2:  . you really need to come one at home at all times . exhausts are godd
User 1: aah . cool . don't make me jelly
User 2: no . i'm including you bbg . incase you don't go . but you'll go .
User 1: oh that's a nice way of looking at it . sorry for the accusatory tone . i want to, i'll try
User 2:  . yeah what is this extra gf behavior . :p . yeahh
User 1: you like it na so shutup . hehe be there w me
User 2: who said lol . video call me if you're going alone
User 1: man pls be nice . ofc
User 2: i'm into it then cool i'll confess . ask sohan tho . it's already late
User 1: yep, got it . don't go further . no
User 2: oh fuckk hahaha i was also thinking not going further . constructive interference o cute . why da
User 1: rude but fine do what you want say what you have to say
User 2: arre im not being rude soryy noo . omanyte . bro . i bfly you know it . 
User 1: it's a cute pokemon . dad hasn't slept yet dude
User 2: because the software realise it's a cute face . what is he doing omg
User 1: i just saw a message from him at 11:15 on the family group . so yep he's up
User 2: oh man . did your brother sleep . one person at a time
User 1: okay i'm gonna meditate . i'm scared i'll sleep off . so call me if possible . pls dp . do
User 2: when
User 1: in 15-20 ? . 10 . 15 . minutes
User 2: okay . text me whenever :)
User 1: hi jen . fuck i was in this v hypnotic state . so weord . your phone was on silent . my . i, the girl who doesn't wake up ever, came out of that weird half sleep moment from just the vibration of the phone on my bed
User 2: oh man . and you're high . you sleep . what were you thinking about
User 1: bro i didn't want to sleep . that's why i told you
User 2: that's why you woke up
User 1: oh it was too crazy . yaa
User 2: tel
User 1: i don't remember . it was like a dream . i remember an entire fictional story, with excerpts from my life, move forward . like a movie . and then the entire movie was running backwards . because i was so in the moment that i had forgotten what had happened before in the mobie . it was too trippy . then i was imagining this painting of a river . some abstract stuff . can't explain
User 2: ive had that before . acid stuff . you've felt like being on acid when high before . intriguing .
User 1: and then remembering little moments from my recent history . like . recreating the entire moment perfectly . through a feeling . in pov
User 2: which ones
User 1: don't remember . but you were def there
User 2: aww . yayy
User 1: yo imgoing for a sutt . call whenever you are free
User 2: even i'm almost home . five mins max . bro text me please . i'm too high to video call . 
User 1: ya same
User 2: fuck man
User 1: i just danced to asap rocky in the bathroom
User 2: hahahaha . he has those sexy tunes
User 1: heres a song for you . this feeling by alabama shakes . nobody even noticed i left the house . my bro was awake
User 2: hahaha what did he say . aww wait i'll listen to it . yeah i remember the few lyrics of this song . heard it with you only . good to know i took something positive from you . :)
User 1: hello . parv video called
User 2: drunk he is . lol
User 1: high . he was 
User 2: love is in the air . i texted him hours back and he was drunk . he didn't want to tell you he was drunk lol
User 1: ya ik . no i saw his stories na
User 2: yeah lol . did he know you were  lol
User 1: ya . i told him on sc message . that's why he called
User 2: oo9 . nice
User 1: he took screenshots
User 2: what you doingg . of you ?  . eyes hahahaha . cutes . lil dumb will make him cheat . ah it's nice . fun to see everyone liking someone
User 1:  . kya kar rahe ho
User 2: 31st ki baat karte hai
User 1: bolo
User 2: tell me what your friends are planning
User 1: shubham's house
User 2: yeah i don't have any other questions . idkk what to do . how does he switch so fast . cool cool someone flirting with my gal . enjoy xd
User 1: naa he said ttyl
User 2: aww suks
User 1: cause i told him i like it w you . 100
User 2:  . gg . i like it w you too
User 1: lmao
User 2: accha 31st
User 1: nobody asked
User 2: fine no
User 1: jk jk thanks
User 2: i wanted to say
User 1: sorry defense mechanism . no later
User 1: shubham said he'd message w the details
User 2: aisho
User 1: let's see if that happens
User 2: oh . it's not fixed also ?
User 1: kind of fixed . like everyone was talking about it obviously happening . and it happens every year . i generally never go for it . and they gave me shit for that also ofc
User 2: so fixed fixed . say that no . oh then you should go
User 1: i'll tell you if i get the message
User 2: okay
User 1: so parv came back . to send the pic of him and i . he sent this
User 2: cute . you . not him ew . wow . kind of wired  awkward ? .  have fun
User 1: ya
User 2: funny :p
User 1: phew i think the convo is over
User 2: so whose posting 
User 1: not me
User 2:  . i love the forwards haha
User 1: lmao
User 2: bro you need to start studying
User 1: okay ik . don't annoy abhi
User 2: i'm so tired from it . too much i did today uff . okay that was last
User 1: can you shutup
User 2: i jkk . sorry
User 1: holy fuck . asap . is so beautiful . sorry . i'm so weird . but he's too cool man
User 2: show
User 1: i love what he's wearing . dude you'd look so nice in this . i can imagine it
User 2: okay that's a good tux
User 1: oh bro you'd look great . such perf fitting also omg
User 2: yeah i have the thing tall bod
User 1: ya
User 2: tru . wedding
User 1: yeah obsessed w him . ya wear this to your wedding
User 2: he has the good way of pulling those things that suit him off
User 1: it's so simple and elegant i'm so dead . he can pull anything off
User 2: y . jk . yeah man no bow tie also
User 1: in . dude at the party . someone played yamborghini high . and i lost my nuts
User 2: o . i can imagine fuck hahaha . that's such a alcohol song
User 1: it's so cool .  also def . depending on the vibe . chorus is def rocky . and first verse is also rocky i think
User 2: oh bro i'm so high . i'm too exhausted today
User 1: oh bro . too lit . so proud of you . we gotta do cod
User 2:  . i'm going to masturbate first . or maybe you can help me during cod and later
User 1: and a joint . you decide what you wanna do
User 2: cod come man i jk
User 1: fap - cod . i love this tee fuck its so cute i want
User 2: cod
User 1: sure ? . col . can i make some quick coffee ? . cold only
User 2: chalo let's get dinner some time . col . text me
User 1: yes always cutie . bro
User 2: yas
User 1: coffee bottle . is too cold . not opening
User 2: hahahaha weakk
User 1: okie ready
User 2: one min . getting the charger
User 1: i'm roxanne . okie bfly ho
User 2: tum hoe
User 1: chup
User 2: too op
User 1: wait it logged me or
User 2: qween
User 1: i was mvp ?
User 2: fuck yeah . lol you were too good
User 1: ooh . how many kills
User 2: now i won't say . 
User 1: add me
User 2: i'm done bro . i'm too sleepy and tired
User 1: okie . say
User 2: price is one tit .
User 1: just say man or you get a slap
User 2: sixteen
User 1: holy fuck . that's hot
User 2: that's why we didn't talk the entire game hahahaha
User 1: phew i'm really the whole package . ya 
User 2: yeah maybe shouldn't let you go
User 1: yep, maybe .
User 2: i want to be with you in the 31st just saying . not talking about it ik
User 1: okie done . don't sleep . yk i wanna be w you too
User 2: yess
User 1: hi jen
User 2: but you see what's best for you
User 1: you
User 2: hi anushka . same .
User 1: hehehehehe
User 2: tell me more about the weird sleep you had lol
User 1: oh ya . bro i was tripping too hard . wtf
User 2: which stories were you completing lol
User 1: i don't remember . it was vv dreamy . but real . cause i wasn't in that level of sleep . cannot be in such a short span . but yeah it was v surreal
User 2: man
User 1: i always have such crazy experiences w s
User 2: haha i've noticed
User 1: lmao
User 2: you're going to love ecstacy
User 1: i amm
User 2: if you do it hahahaha
User 1: deff . i can see it . i regret . too muxh . not doing acid w you . ugh . i hate myselff
User 2: it's okay . shit was going in . on
User 1: yeah but it would've been too cute dude
User 2: we'll get time in the future . true . wanted to definitely try it with you
User 1: ughhp . fuck . bro
User 2: yas
User 1: wydd . i just don't want you to go . but i dont really have much to say
User 2: i'm passing out in the middle
User 1:  . noo
User 2: show me your face then . like my eyes just shut for a few seconds . i don't know how many . show
User 1: don't go . don't leave me . quick reply . or i'll think the eyes are closed again
User 2: yes
User 1: oh phew
User 2: i'm up . but i'm weak
User 1: stay online . im trying here . i'm really trying
User 2: yaa
User 1: stay w me . don't die on me like this . i'm tryna recreate a movie scene . like . any movie scene . where one dude is dying . and the other one is crying on their body . tag yourself . i'm this ofc
User 1: and you're dying . "stay strong for me buddy"
User 2: so much bs i love it
User 1: "everything will be alright"
User 2: i'm trying . but it's so cold . tell my mother i love her
User 1: "are your nipples hard ?" . ah replied wrong
User 2: ew . wtf
User 1: i meant to reply to the it's so cold one . but then you sent another message . okay
User 1: sorry
User 2: hahahahaha . but okay good one . is okay . allowed
User 1: i'm tryna talk like you ho
User 2: i've never seen your nipples not hard lol
User 1: man . yeah let's go back to you dying . it was better that way . ngl
User 2: noo . i like this too
User 1: how do people pose . can someone teach me that . are there classes for that . like . how
User 1: it's so difficult
User 2: sign me up to please
User 1: yeah . like wtf
User 2: wedding photoshoot would have been better
User 1: i'm like an electron
User 2: argh . we so socially dyslexic . 
User 1: i behave differently when observed
User 2: hot or cute
User 1: ya dude fr
User 2: true . broo
User 1: haan . uth gaye .  ?
User 2: remember that tear thing
User 1: kua . kya
User 2: quite the opposite
User 1: oh remember . it happened abhi
User 2: when you can yawn very widely . 
User 1: ya . don't you dare jenit . have some shame
User 2: i'm dying . because you're trying . i need a sutta dude
User 1: i'm legit having an interesting convo w you
User 2: to get rid of this sleep
User 1: yeah idm either . but ofc i'm not going
User 2: i'll wake someone up if try this . dadi wakes up like ten times during the night
User 1: lmao . dude idk why i've started taking this risk so easily
User 2: needs
User 1: i'd never ever leave the house like that
User 2:  especially so late
User 1: i'm such a baller . fuck . you're a lucky boi . dude what is this self confidence i get
User 2: one day your dad sleeps without drinking water and remembers it mid sleep
User 1: when i'm even a little ged
User 2: oh what a day it'll be
User 1: in any way
User 1: can you not be a chut
User 2: i kinda am ain't i . hahahahhaha
User 1: btw my coffee was lit thanks for asking bitch
User 2: bro i'm too ded to remember so many things . i'm sorry
User 1: excuses
User 2: man . man . don't . argh . okay i'm sorry ily
User 1: heheheh issokie . forgiven . ly2
User 2: what did you decide for tomorrow
User 1: i had some crispy water now . it was too nice . cause you mentioned wter . water
User 2: cold . 
User 1: meeting him at six
User 2: cutee . where but
User 1: there's this lane . we'll walk around and then decide i guess where to go . idk man
User 2: cute cafee
User 1: let's see i'm not making an effort
User 2: hahaha . i can see the obligation part through the screen
User 1: there's only one boy i'd make that effort for 
User 2: heart melts jeez
User 1: rocky . oh . yeah, you only . hehehhehehe
User 2: who this . 
User 1: apna . asap . rocku
User 2: o . no
User 1: rocky
User 2: me too please
User 1: ofc you man
User 2: please
User 1: asap and i dont really talk
User 2: thanks thanks . otherwise you would not be with me . lol . i accept that fate
User 1: he kinda wanted to date date . but i kind of wanted to date date someone else
User 2: oh oh . damn
User 1: soo
User 2: do you now
User 1: didn't really work out
User 2: hmm . interesting
User 1: heart wants what it wants amirite . why ?
User 2: riteaf . nothing :p
User 1: good . man . i'm legit too stupid sometimes . 
User 2: i don't know if you try to act like a joker sometimes . or if you are one
User 1: idk either
User 2: secret alternate life
User 1: sounds cool
User 2: bro do you like scifi shows
User 1: like what . what happened suddenly
User 2: oh man
User 1: i wonder where you got this newfound energy hmmhmm
User 2: alternate life thing . reminds me of this show
User 1: hmm . i . wonder
User 2: i saw yesterday ago
User 1: who . caused . it . okay ya sorry say
User 2: bolde bhai . 
User 1: chup . don't be mean
User 2: okay have you seen the show fringe
User 1: no
User 2: oh man . oh . so it's about the scientist working for the fbi . and he takes cases . that are you weird and scientifically forward
User 1: acchaa
User 2: and then they find a way to connect to a parallel universe . and there are copies of them in that universe
User 1: woah okay
User 2: and then like a common villain throughout the series . oh .
User 1: accha
User 2: and the end is just prefect
User 1: shutup . don't say
User 2: yeah yeah . but like it's the perfect was too end it . and oh man
User 1: accha
User 2: must must watch .
User 1: can imagine you saying this vv cure . cute . yeah i've actually heard about it
User 2:  ! . no one i know has seen it
User 1: it comes in my imdb suggestions as well
User 2: and man that's a waste
User 1: it has a high rating
User 2: like us, high .  . sorry . bs coming out
User 1: ly
User 1: now you on my level fam
User 2:  . uf
User 2: kaise aagaya
User 1: yayy
User 2: reminds me of yesterday but cool cool
User 1: i have that effect on people . it's not on you . bro same i just didnt wanna say . 
User 2: it is
User 1: so rishabh and i used to do this real gay thing . we would read stupid shit about our sunsigns . at around this time . of the night . when bs is coming out
User 2: we might be closer to the fleabag and priest level now at least compared to before
User 1: and try to relate it to us
User 2: that always happens
User 1: ooh fuck yes always wanted a boy to say that to me . yeah i'm not as cool as her and you're not as hot as the priest
User 2: but we make do
User 1: yep we do
User 2:  . continue
User 1: us . you're libra na ?
User 2: yes . what are you
User 1: sag
User 2: sag . yes yes i remembered
User 1: jinx . yeah mine is true . except for the forehead kisses . i ain't that tall most of the time
User 1: but rest of it . v on point . wby
User 2: id bend for you . yes wtf . read . fucks
User 1: huh
User 2: you're so touch starved
User 1: okay .  . melts in your embrace is too real
User 2: i was changing the gear with my right hand just saying
User 1: hahahahhah that was too adorable omfg jen . let's do that again hahahahaha
User 2: whenever we hug
User 1: ya
User 2: fuck in
User 1: and that reads poem out loud is too true
User 2: so many times my god . love it
User 1: ya pakka i'll suck your peepee also
User 2: mine is still left man
User 1: yours is all won't . wrong
User 2: oh okay wow cool idm . not really . i'm lucky
User 1: comments on your beauty - you call me flat all the time
User 2: i value your input .  . i call you beautiful all the time
User 1:  .
User 2: stfu
User 1: gaand me daal
User 2: tere . soon
User 1: okay . go . away
User 2:  . sorry for the mess i made yesterday
User 1: wtf who apologize even stfu . it was ofc vv hot pls pls . oh yours is some heavy shit
User 2: don't know . thought i should so . yeah wtf
User 1: shove that apology up your bum i dont want it
User 2: okay
User 1: idk why i'm sending on insta and here
User 2: need to shove me up you first . yeah i replied there too haha . is your thing true
User 1: what do you think . kind of dude
User 2: not all of it and that to a small extent i guess
User 1: that's why paris is def me pushing it . cause i wanna have experiences but i'm sometimes afraid to go for them . it's a weird conundrum
User 2: happens . new place . it's okay
User 1: yeah
User 2: you'll go and be better loll
User 1: han
User 2: ah paris . going to exciting few months for both of us
User 1: last line is true ?
User 2: no haha actually that is one of the lines that's not true at all
User 1: haan . what about the repressing emotions thingy ? . do you think you repress emotions ?
User 2: true true true . na
User 1: chal i'll get a neon hos
User 2: at every time at least one friends always knows what's happening
User 1: sounds damn cool
User 2: who knows depends on the thing
User 1: sounds vv acid like
User 2: tm get
User 1: oh interesting
User 2: gie
User 1: yours sounds hot . fuck . yours sounds vv hot
User 2: you didn't send mine
User 1: i can't even type it . oh i toom the wrong screenshot . i just saw lnao
User 2: df
User 1: i swear i saw this only  . listen im a little bakey baked . so
User 2: fuck the slow growing mama didn't raise no ishan avasthi . 
User 1:  . pagal
User 2: i'm smart man . don't do kind this . like . you're mean . hatt
User 1: ya ofc wtf . i'm a dum dum
User 2: but i like you bum bum . your
User 1: ooh . this is such a pretty plant tbh . get it
User 2: not true clearly lol . it'll die . plants and j haven't had the best history growing up
User 1: :(
User 2: yours is so true haha
User 1: chal i'll get one neon hos and one norfolk pine . sutta is the destination fight me
User 2: okay done . fine one track mind :p
User 1:  is a plant don't out yourself like that to the plan community they'll snitch on you . plant . done .
User 2: oh man . i meant the growing ones
User 1: lmao
User 2: where do you even order it from
User 1: idek  . they sound a little too specific
User 2: smoking ones are my buds
User 1: i'll sound like some crazy sobo aunty
User 2: get it get it
User 2: powai . please you're clearly not from here
User 1: okay i dont want to be also
User 2: drive through the mountains taught me that . how can i date someone not from sobo ?
User 1: don't then . nobody is forcing or anything
User 2: ah such is life .  . i really have fun with you . anushka please let's spend a night without without fail
User 1: i do too . let's . mine is too tru
User 2: dangerous wtf . don't do it to me okay
User 1: yeah . yeah
User 2: fuck girls like you give boys issues
User 1: yours is tru
User 2: entity
User 1: yeah mine is too true
User 2: fu
User 1: somiya
User 2: they already know i have a gf . 
User 2: yeah i'm honest while cheating . jkk
User 1: wow you a ho ho . and ho ho season just got over
User 2: right back at you
User 1: so drop it now . geddit . na i aint at all my qween
User 2: sure sure . two thousand and nineteen for you . yours
User 1: legit happened w us 
User 2: you are they angry inside
User 1: don't be scared okay lnao . lmao
User 2: i saw you kill the zombies and kinda felt unsafe . scared for my life
User 1: yeah but don't trigger me also  .  . ya i told my mom that . she died laughing . lmao
User 2: kiss me before i die . you kill me
User 1: aye aye
User 1: i'll kiss after also . necro . 
User 2: i didn't want to see you so content with that act . yet i did . might as well
User 1: yet you found it hot
User 2: i won't stop you
User 1: i was shooting zombies w one hand . that's hot . sorry not sorry 
User 2: i find you too hot how to change . sometimes haha okay i'll agree
User 1: yep . more than some times . cutie
User 2: i just act dumb more often than charming
User 1: ya . true . what a loser i tell you
User 2: chod de phie
User 1: yeah mine is true i hate it . yours is also tru sometimes
User 2: yes shit . i have yours also
User 1:  . i've actually had a nightmare like that . i was sinking in this well type thingy . water everywhere . i had been running from some people . and i jumped into this . and the walls of the well . circular . had little windows where people were inside and i was just alone sinking . and screaming . but it's water . so yeah . kind of similar
User 2: fucking hell . i can't deal with nightmares
User 1: me every alt day
User 2: drowning is the worst
User 1: yeah but i wasn't really dying . it was more painful
User 2: oh man i'm glad i rarely get dreams lol . yess
User 1: cause nobody cared . 
User 2: drowning seems to be too intense
User 2: aw . this works too haha
User 1: ya tru . 
User 2: dw i care about you anush
User 1: just nush is fine
User 2: fine jeez
User 1: anush is too many syllables for a pet name
User 2: even i have two . syllables for my pet name . yeh but fine nush has be right all the time don't she . okay anushka
User 1: lmao . no . dont . say . that
User 2:  . i can't keep my eyes open
User 1:  . ugh . hate you too much . fine . permission to go
User 2: you wake up early so we can talk fresh . bitch
User 1: ew what's that
User 2: health shit you won't know
User 1: yeah all this bs happens only late in the night lmao . sounds like me . okie then
User 2: mine is toh too fucking true
User 1: i'll also sleep only then . not like i have anyone else . it is .
User 2: sure . you don't break me man okay thanks
User 1: ofc i wont .
User 2: popular manipal ho . 
User 1: okie my cutie . go get that good sleep
User 2: imy . cuddle soon
User 1: yeah . i miss you way more
User 2: without clothes off course
User 1: veryy
User 1: ofc . miss you lots . take care . good night . sleep tight . don't let the bed bugs bite
User 2: don't let the bugs bite
User 1: jinx
User 2: lol . later alligator
User 1: such a nasty way to put someone to sleep . omg . i was just gonna type this
User 1: see you later alligator
User 2: i'm fast fast
User 1: (reply to this)
User 2: bye bfly
User 1: (yk the reply na ?) . in a while crocodile . ugh
User 2: in a while crocodile
User 1: you aren't into fine poetry then, are you ?
User 2: i feel stupid
User 1: you should
User 2: do i seem like the type
User 1: lmao . okay sorry
User 2: love you though
User 1: for saying more words . love you to . go get that beauty sleep
User 2: making it more romantic with every taunt
User 1: you won't need that coffee scrub anymore
User 2: you scrubbed me enough yesterday truee . 
User 1: kbyebeech . ugh . hate this . too much . kk cool cool cool
User 1: not
User 2: bfly .
User 1: good . at . saying bye . okay bfly2 like lots
User 1: (shutup anushka you idiot)
User 2: comparative degree cool cool . competition i think . good . maybe
User 1: okay going now love you . ps - we gotta do the askreddit thingy cool see you
User 2: did you read something specific :p
User 1: yep :p
User 2: thought so . cool meet me soon i guess
User 1: yep will do . hi jen, good morning 
User 2: give me ten
User 1: lmao . okie
User 2: ya you slept really less today . i woke up with the driest possible mouth fuck . i'll read
User 1: aw bby . issokie . listen to some music . get some coffee in you . you'll feel alive . that's what i'm soing . cause i've to go paris shopping
User 2: yas having breakfast waitvim reading the ss
User 1: okie
User 2: oh they are some really heavy things . like fuck sometimes you don't even have a single person to talk to
User 1: yeaah
User 2: and that's do fucking scary . oh yeah the question you had in mind . i hope it's not this heavy . i'd die
User 1: lmao
User 2: and not know how to answerr
User 1: we can't answer these na . they're specific to a community . bro i just realised
User 2: what if you say imagine you are . and we'll be high i'm sure lol . say
User 1: i've lived the first lyrics of the song signs by drake . legit lived it . i feel proud . of myself
User 2: just tryna take it all off for me . yeah this is important important
User 1: first lyric is kore important excuse me . champagne w the breakfast while i'm yawning . my bdaay . i did drink champagne at seven am . wow . i've lived a drake song . what a lifestyle lmao . get on my level . sorry it's the coffee talkomg . and i just danced to travis scott in the hall so i'm pretty energized lmao
User 2: oh wait this is the second verse lol nvm .  . we were supposed to have dosa . oh how that failed . bougee . i'm doing so wholesome book reading . i don't need alcohol for breakfast . yeah i can't be as lit as you man . i scared scared
User 1: lmao . passed out
User 2: kinda regret leaving from tc now
User 2: what happened after that fuck i dont exactly remember . you came over later no
User 1: ya
User 2: okay anushka . this was my first askreddit question ever . like reading one
User 1: accha
User 2: fuvk
User 1: yep . it's awesome
User 2: tellnme your date questionn . have you saved all the posts lol
User 1: i haven't really safed any . we kind of just scroll together . and see what to answer .
User 2: don't you want to save it for the date . no no i'll do this now that you've sent :p . what does the fox say
User 1: lmao
User 2: i'll legit die if the play that in an interrogation room bro . you say
User 1: lmao . the first song idk that came to my mind . which is vv weird . is everybody hurts by rem 
User 2: break doesn't mean cry . so weird indeed
User 1: ya ik . but i feel like i'm most vulnerable when i cry . so if you get me to cry
User 2: i did 
User 1: yeah you didn't use it tho
User 2: ahh cool i'll remember all the tricks for the future . now i know but :p . but i won't . you give me everything i want as it is haha
User 1: saw . oho accha
User 2: only facts nothing else  .  this emoji is so calm
User 1: ugh don't use it . quietly chaotic
User 2: it's meditating . don't fig itna into it's mind . fuck okay now even i'm thinking this . fu . arusha is getting me something from her trip man she's too cute
User 1: aw that's cutee
User 2: yeah you be ready because i'm going to drag her to the airport too  . we meeting her on second okay
User 1: bro . don't
User 2: why
User 1: man i dont wanna force . you also don't come it's okay
User 2: okay . cool then . i'll do as you say . whatever you're comfortable with qween . i love how me and arusha are just ready to talk about you and jain first thing in the morning
User 1: dude like ofc i want you to come but i understand you'll feel weird coming alone . but i dont wanna force rush to come just cause you can then come . like . i won't ask arusha . okay i'm not thinking about this now . what are you saying .  ? . okay
User 2: she'll want to come herself jesus
User 1: no she won't .
User 2: i'll ask her .
User 1: don't man . caude
User 2: we do hangout now anushka in case you don't follow the dynamics :p . loser
User 1: she wouldn't have thought of it imon her own
User 2: mast discussion oho
User 1: like, i dont want people to think . like they have to come
User 2: she has asked me the date when you flying so many times
User 1: and if you ask her, but she really wants to say no, she'll kind of feel oigated to say yes
User 2: neither of us will think that i can assure you
User 1: obligated . but ya ya cool in for this . okay but do you get this ? :p
User 2: 2012, 10:31 arusha ellias: you're in bom ?
User 1: accha . that doesn't tell me anything tbh . 
User 2: she asked so long ago chut . arghh . fine .
User 1: okay fuck itt
User 2: so i'm not coming to the airport unless you ask me to come because that way you can do whatever you want and be comfortable
User 1: you do whatever you wanna doo
User 2: no nono . fuck you now .
User 1: bro i don't have an issue at all w you . i toh want you to come . fine man you ask arusha . see what feels right
User 2: i won't . you ask her if you want when we meet
User 1: fine
User 2: or dont . idgaf .
User 1: cool
User 2: too many issues you have 
User 1: yep
User 2: how are you cute but so stupid all the time
User 1: this makes sense . same if i ask her
User 2: yeah and what i've learned in my time with girls is that y'all make too many assumptions that are usually very off . like particularly these kind of assumptions
User 1: accha
User 2: fuck mostly jain is going to be in blore ! . me and arusha are in the exact same situation like regarding this oh fuck whatever she says i'm like yeah
User 1: it'll be perfect . everyone will be there . beginning of a new era type thingy . accha
User 2: new fucking decade
User 1: ya
User 2: we both are starting eat separately tho . fucking sucks
User 1: huh
User 2: we both are starting the new decade separately tho and that sucks . like the phases don't intertwine :
User 1: yeahh
User 2: text shubham and ask him the scene no . don't be studying behind my back
User 1: umm no dude . idk if the invitation was for the sake of it or genuine . so it'll be weird if i message . yeah i'm not studying
User 2: okay
User 1: cause lol everybody was tipsy that noght . night
User 2: but i really want to confirm our plan and if we're even going to be together . wasn't sohan invited like in the talks the way you were invited  ?
User 1: he went last time also so it's different . dude idek .
User 2: loll
User 1: this is too confusong . i just know i'll meet you . idk how . you say yes to your plan
User 2: yeah if i go with my school friends and you don't come we ain't meeting  . mm
User 1: accha .
User 2: because that's in lonavala
User 1: oh what .
User 2: bungalow no
User 1: oh dude yeah . i'm not coming for that then . it's too far . no way mom will be okay w that . nd i cant lie
User 2: okay then let me know if we are taking a room or not
User 1: fuck it's already 29th . i'm sorry . i have no idea what's gonna happen . so . ughh .
User 2: i really want to say "well priorities" but that seems like too much pressure on you and a  thing to say . you decide . and let me know
User 1: yeah lol you said it . accha done i'm w you then
User 2: arre not like this ya . you know i didn't say it . and i'd understand if you chill with school people . like in case they do end up inviting you because like they said you never come also . 2912, 11:54 arusha ellias: oye . lo ek aur 
User 1: ya you should go . idek what i want this is so confusing . i legit hate ny
User 2: see this toh i'm def not going .  .
User 1: pagal hai kya . ugh i'm so confused . you me rush are meeting on 1st right ?
User 2: it's either a room with you or my school friends . nothing else is worth it for sure . or second
User 1: haan she said first
User 2: because she's thinking of going for this directly after she lands . assuming everyone has the energy and she stays awake which i doubt
User 1: lol . truu . sorry for being annoying . but yep this is me idek how to change this
User 2: which i doubt either of us will be given the intoxication we'll be doing . 
User 1: but my plan is not solid at all
User 2: yeah not turning on at all
User 1: and you shouldn't have to be involved it this . bro pls shutup . in
User 2: but i really want to go in the new decade with a kiss on your kids
User 1: omgg i legit hatee ny .  . okay fine then i'm meeting you . bro my brain is so confused . i'm thinking too many things
User 2: lips . kids wtf  . okay text me asap about this . we won't talk about it . you wait for a message if you want . clearly think all the options
User 1: tyty
User 2: and then let me know
User 1: yeah you can last minute agree to the bungalow ?
User 2: yes . dw
User 1: okay that's all that matters phew
User 2: but we have to book a place before for sure especially since it's the 31st
User 1: you wanna be indoors on 31st ?
User 2: where will we chill the entire night then . i mean we can be out and then go in . but if i'm spending the 31st with you . then i want a place to go back to for sure m
User 1: okay ya makes sense
User 2: you just want to roam the entire night ? . we'll be drunk we can't drive also
User 1: we can go in the evening and keep our stuff somewhere . like check in or whatever
User 2: and then ?
User 1: and go someplace i guess . drink or whatever . idk you say
User 2: i can think of a vv ambitious plan . so we do this
User 1: say
User 2: do whatever in the room .
User 1: i need this too bad
User 2: then chill with manipal people in the bandra place . for 3ish hours . like including 12am . then come back to our place
User 1: accha
User 2: fuck a lot . and then brekkie with arusha like she told me
User 1: ya but they didn't call me
User 2: man youre included jesus . arusha texted me
User 1: ya not me na . acchaa . okay . dudee
User 2: who is the y'all bitcj . arusha and i were talking about you only
User 1: look she didn't tell me this also . so i don't wanna intrude on the two of you . bro now don't say i'm stupid
User 2: i'll come in the morning with a blow horn . landing at 4am . i'll come by 8-9 . we'll get cute new decade brekkie together . this . why do you think i have a secret friendship with arusha you don't know about 
User 1: none of these messages mention me . no but y'all are closer than her and i . shutup .
User 2: strategically so . you're not finding out what we talk about you lol . just cos harshit hooked up with her to early so we know each other for long 
User 1: yeah so i'm strategically not gonna come unless i get a message . like none of these conversations are happening w me . so . yup . i'm not asking for this man . this makes sense don't shit on me
User 2: because arusha and i are texting about blore stuff and shit too  why are you being so uptight and annoying may i ask ?
User 1: look if arushadivij messages me asking if i should come bro i'll pakka come . how does that not make sense .  ? . idk what doesn't make sense . like even shubham had mentioned the plan
User 2: you wait man
User 1: but then he could sense me being confused . so he said
User 2:  ?
User 1: "i'll message you about it pakka" . this indicates a proper invitation . some forwarded messages do noy . not
User 2: oh man you know the manipal way no . like now i'm thinking even i won't be welcome . haan but they're collecting money . for booze and all . message divij he was only asking about y'all . y'all
User 1: lmao . i think i've forgotten the manipal way . cause if we were part of the plan, i'm so sure there's some whatsapp group or something . cause this is happening . okay im thinking too much . okay . im sorry
User 2: so if we say we're in then we get added to a group
User 1: accha . okay then do we say we're in ? . idk who to say to . dude . also . totally wrong time to say this . but i think divij doesn't like me
User 2: say . 
User 1:  . it's kind of tru . see nigam hates me
User 2: no bro . but like yeah we don't have much to talk about to any of them
User 1: yaa
User 2: is he dating her since many years ? . i just said we can go for the party because you don't wanna be only inside
User 1: ya but they broke up in the middle and she hooked up w his best friend . accha . okay you know what . i dont mind inside . just you me
User 2:  .
User 1: okay . okay
User 2: like obviously we can fuck around and go outside and shit
User 1: i sincerely apologize . like properly apologize . for being so confusing . ya
User 2: yeah cool
User 1: cute cafecocktails .  . yeah idm . omg
User 2: nothing of this at 23am anushka
User 1: okay . shushh before that . we'll be back . idk see . all of this depends on where we're staying
User 2: that's also we have to book you know . and what about if you get an invitation lol
User 1: found some good stuff . on airbnb
User 2: cute .  ? . show you . toh
User 1: ya will send when i'm back home . abhi i'm outside . buying some stuff for paris
User 2: like whatt . send pictures
User 1: if i feel cute will do . 
User 2: i meant of the things youre getting for paris . not everything is about you lol
User 1: ya i'm getting clothws
User 2: oh
User 1: i don't have anything else to buy
User 2: hahah where are you shopping ?
User 1: i'm at market city . just went to pe . at only abhii
User 2: should have directly said shopping no . they have cute things . oh fuck why aren't you sending pictures . don't do this to me no please . send okay thanks
User 1: haven't tried anything yet . cause i'm specifically looking for smart casual tjingy
User 2: oh fuck hahah . yeah . try zara . zara is only this
User 1: ya there only rn
User 2: marks and spencer . sike . nice . okay i want to see classy anushka i'll be waiting
User 1: hehehehe . let's see . if i look good . will send . also omg dude . people really dress up for the mall
User 2: no just do it i'll give my opinion on whether you should buy or no . i want to see everything toh .  . no that honestly not true . you are cool if you're confident enough to go to a dressed up place in chill clothes . i've honestly felt this forever . so you too cool among them . you pull off normal clothes too well . i've come for post lunch sutt lol
User 1: don't be mean okay ty . not taking these pants . taking these ones they're too comfy . taking all those tops . yeah i think i'm done
User 2: just 3 ? ?
User 1: done over here lmao
User 2: but yeah they all look njce . haha better . thank god
User 1: there was this dress that my mom thought i looked nice in . but omg i need a slight confidence boost
User 2: yeah still haven't seen you in a dress ever  . why perfect toh you look
User 1: yeah you won't like it either i feel
User 2: send no please
User 1: i look weird . promise you won't think mean stuff
User 2: i'm not saying only anything . you send if you want . i like to see my girl clothed too in pretty dresses and colors
User 1: yeah it's white . off to a good start amirite
User 2: so what . send if you'd like to
User 1: yeah one day i shall wear stuff like this
User 2: in paris . okay i really want to see what you're not buying . because you really should
User 1: hi qween . i'm kind of done for tosay
User 2: hi
User 1: there were two tops . that i saw and bought
User 2: nice
User 1: phew . i think i'm done
User 2: what about the dres . but mom won't leave ?
User 1: no no she's also tired lmao
User 2: haha love the colors plus it looks warm
User 1: it's so comfy i died . yupp i saw myself going to only greys so i tried to control that
User 2: my tee just your size lool . yeah get bright colors what is grey black white . show the dress please ?
User 1: yep taking that w me also . so i didn't take a whole shot
User 2: ofc .
User 1: i just took the top part
User 2: ok
User 1: isnt this too cool btw . too cool . i died . i wanna be that cool
User 2: its all comfortable is the main thing . i want to see it with your hands down because this is something diff that i've never seen someone wear . clothes do change that yasd .  . ?
User 1: oh i've seen a lot . it's a cropped hoodie type thingy
User 2: i feel everything is cropped for it to be your size hahahah
User 2: okay i'm tired of asking for the same picture again and again you really do listen and reply to the things you want to . fuck you yeah .
User 1: okay i look fat in it tbh
User 2: read the brownie boyz group . yeah don't send
User 1: sent . sorry
User 2: why do your tits look so big omg
User 1: yeah
User 2: you look so different omg . should have taken . regrets . left ?
User 1: eating a bit . my mom said this too  . idk if this is good 
User 2: it is bro
User 1: it requires a little bit of confidence
User 2: different is always good
User 1: idk
User 2: gaand se nikal bc
User 1: lmao
User 2: because it would really suit youu . girls and their confidence
User 1: look i never even shopped beforee you know . like legit i would take some oversized top . and just not shop . hated shopping too much
User 2: yeah i get that . lol .
User 1: now i kind of like it
User 2: yeah i've seen proof
User 1: it's not too bad . lmao
User 2: because you look good in everything .
User 1: no man .  . you're too nice . bro . should i get a nose piercing . okay why am i trying to change completely . 
User 2: but do you actually mean it  . yeah idk if you don't want to hear good things then don't text me jeez because that's all you'll get from my end . now you look good . high school, eh could be better  . but you do . you really should have gotten it . oh well
User 1: lmao . ya kind of . idk
User 2: eh go for it
User 1:  .
User 2: but how come suddenly
User 1: true actually . idk i've been saying it for some time
User 2: i know i wasn't kidding 
User 1: okay yeah stop now 
User 2: yolo then . ask your mom and go for it
User 1: let's see . i want pink hair
User 2: bro the highlighting or whatever you get is actually too good . when you had long hair
User 1: ya . but now
User 2: the brown color
User 1: i want that dirty pink type hair
User 2: prolly not the best time in life rn seeing you're starting jobs lol
User 1: yeah exactly why i am not doing it . but i just want it :
User 2: do it in paris and surprise parents if its fine with terence
User 1: :p . idek why
User 2: sometimes even i feel i should go for a 100 make over . fresh start . new you . kind of feeling
User 1: yaa exactly . too tru
User 2: oh oh . don't know what to say
User 1: but shorter hair . yeah this is one crazy thing i wanna do
User 2: that's all you got
User 1:  . so she has brown skin and she looks cute in it
User 2: change yourself in paris and do whatever the fuck you want . only way to start a new life
User 1: hahahaha you always hype me up for this type of shit lmao ty
User 2: rihanna vibe aff
User 1: lmao i can only hope
User 2: if you want to do something then don't stop it don't let anyone stop . that's how you grow . duhh . bro i remember three days after my haircut dada was like so when will you cut your hair . loll . gotta take shit by your palms . ain't going to let no one stop me 2020 . we both going to be in this phase soon loll
User 1: ya i know :0 . :p . i remember . cutiee . yup for sure
User 2: pink and nose piercing have to . okay nose piercing topic tonight with your parents . do it . okay i'm taking a short nap be with you soon
User 1: they'll be okay w it  . i only doubt ninety-two million, seven hundred and thirty-eight thousand, two hundred and ninety-two times . fast
User 2: aiyo . see . you can always not wear the thing so that the hole fills up . unlike your cunt because i'll be the one filling thatn .  .
User 1: oh accha . che dude . you're too dirty 
User 2: okay then fu gn won't be getting validation from me .
User 1: okay man . i kind of like it . cool . go ahead
User 2: you too ug anyway should not be doing it with you . i won't be dirty with you hence forth . and good night .
User 1: fine don't do . let's see how long that lasts . okay what say all this after 31st naughty boy .  . i bought a new wallet . my dad saw my old one . and said . people will mistake me for a beggar in paris lmao . okay so i got the official invitation from kunal lmao
User 2: hi
User 1: oh dude i'm so tired . i don't wanna meet him
User 2: cool . 
User 1: man don't ruin 31st
User 2: lol . okay so now you got invited now should we wait for mine too !  . okay where are you . home again ? . never . we going to make cute memories coming into the new decade
User 1: omh . omg . yes
User 2: so what are we doing chalo let's decide . so we can get things loll
User 1: oh ya
User 2: why do you seem reluctant to everything related to 31st . talk freely daa
User 1: ya ik
User 2: yeah i can't say much when i don't know your exact thoughts so i'm just going to wait
User 1: phew wait i was looking for places
User 2: okayuy
User 1: yeah i'll make it up to you okay ? . i kind of sort of am horrible at ny stuff . it just makes me a little anxious
User 2: just tell me your thoughts bro . clearly
User 1: like end of the year vibes
User 2: too evident
User 1: overwhelming stuff . and yaa . but we'll talk properly tonight . yeah wanna be w you . actually after one video call w tib
User 2: okay perfect start . good
User 1: he's opening his gift
User 2: which gifts ?
User 1: finally i'm meeting that dude now . even s is there . the musical box thingy . he jsut got back from vietnam . shreyasi . the girl who's friend is this dude . she's leaving at like 6:45
User 2: oh wasnt it going to be just you two
User 1: she has to go for mood i
User 2: lol . o
User 1: w kv friends
User 2: oh lol . okay okay so where you going to meet themm . fuck bro i wanna go one day ! its literally in my city lol . should try once . sounds like a better revels hehe
User 1: they are coming under my building only lmao . ugh i never know what to wear
User 2: please dont wear oversized anything . in front of new people lol
User 1: hahahahaha ly
User 2: okay okay ss tibs reaction play . okay
User 1: okie . oh god . ugh . you're too nice . ty
User 2: what . okay lol . chalo text aaramse you have too many things going on
User 1: ya . i hate this confusion
User 2: 31st ?
User 1: everything . i've to meet devika . and rehan
User 2: who this now
User 1: the insta dm girl
User 2: before when is the question . o
User 1: she replied apologizing and asked for today . but i told her today i was busy
User 2: yeah she missed her appointment lol@her
User 1: wyd . sorry . i've been a little self involved
User 2: i just woke up had chai and snacks
User 1: tell me about your day
User 2: yeah you've had a busy dayits okay too many things . you come home at night aramse we'll talkk
User 1: that'll also be difficult na . uth . ugh
User 2: why . like text me and then video call when everyone is asleep if possible . you dw about me da . you get all your obligations done for the night and come home aramse . when you're back and tired i'll entertain you . hope you aren't getting too charmed :) . how's it going
User 1: hi hi . what's up
User 2: how was the date
User 1: still out only . have to tell you something . ugh i hate myself
User 2:  . so you were being set up no . lol . still with him ? . all good ?
User 1: yeahh . umm . i'll call you at night . sorry . just omw back . little tipsy .
User 2: alone ?
User 1: w shreyasi
User 2: o okay okay call whenever
User 1: yeah
User 2: : !) . :) . don't pass out ha
User 1: hi
User 2: hello . what's up
User 1: phew i'm tired . umm ya, can we talk ?
User 2: yep .  ? . if you don't wanna talk its all peace .
User 1: ya ya cool
User 2: cool .
User 1: man ofc i'd message her . i don't want her thinking . im thay kind of person .
User 2: so regarding the pranks . agli baar baap se bakchodi nahi . i shall always trump you .
User 1: idk what prank exactly you played on me ? . just the texting arusha thingy ? . maybe it's time you let me have a few .
User 2: yeah kinda embarrassing right . and the anxiety of the conversations that you'll never know thing . yeah man you're losing against sidhant also
User 1: ya that's not too bad tho . yeah . so man . you don't always have to fight me . let me have a few victorues . victories . get fake jealous it's cute
User 2: arusha is busy that's why she couldn't play along for long that's why i had to give up . you think i would have let you go this easy
User 1: yeah . man i'm gonna go now dudee
User 2: okay but i thought we had a competitive relationship . except marks thank fucking god .  ? . wtf . yeah you went on a date with a random dude . cool
User 1: yeah but i'm nice to you
User 2: and a sour loser
User 1: ugh what is marks man . yeah fine dudee . i'll take that also
User 2: fine i think you have had enough for the day
User 1: fine man i'll talk to you tomorrow
User 2: i'll let you in on the actual truth . i think you want to wait for this
User 1: yo i'm also gonna go . and change . my cup . quick i'll be back
User 2: okayy . yeah what is wrong with you anushka you should go for the better option
User 1: hi
User 2: cutes . dw i shall sleep with you
User 1: hehehe . ty . idk . so i have this slight restless thingy . like even in the hostel room . i can't sleep until noop has also slept . like i'll feel restless . and it'll fuck w my shri . sheep . sleep
User 2: fomo ? 
User 1: no
User 2: you just want that sleepy environment
User 1: ya
User 2: otherwise chances of you waking up
User 1: during exams it's the wrist . worst
User 2: exams i've seen your sleep cycle 
User 1: cause she's up and i'm going to sleep or something
User 2: most brokem cycle ever
User 1: and i get a terrible sleep . lmao
User 2: yeah thanks for being my end sem buddy yeah i really missed having one . tum mujhe bahut khush karte ho . thanks hehe
User 1: arey tum bhii . always kiddo
User 2: what did noop reply to your message . :p
User 1: man she's useless . she just wanted to see the guy
User 1: but yk she does find you damn cute
User 2: i mean theek hai jenit ko toh dekg liya kya baat kare . he's old news
User 1: she used to ship us na
User 2: have to say that smh . when
User 1:  . this sem only
User 2: accha okay . i won't ask questions . use front camera next time anushka
User 1: yeah she also couldn't explain it lmao
User 2: bfly .
User 1: wow . no . what to do w face man
User 2:  . smile awkwardly like you always do
User 1: okie written it in my journal . when did your start using this
User 2: no then write that bite a lip
User 1: okay . yeah i like this also stop . so
User 2: i use it w my other hoes
User 1: don't mind . back off bitch
User 2: cool . they all backed out . ain't no one close to you rn . just you and me bbg . just you and me . maybe your cute dude too but yeah i'll try not to think about it .
User 1: brb crying . yeah fuckin in
User 2: idek if you're kidding anymore
User 1:  .  . why do we sleep so late jen . shame on us
User 2: i've told you don't open your mouth for anyone but me and you'll go reply to cute dude message with an open mouth uf . we unhealthy fucks
User 1: omg  . ya dude
User 2: we really should try the 7am lifestyle
User 1: one day we'll kill each other
User 2: isn't that how love stories end ?
User 1: ooh
User 2: well i guess that's the only option we have then .
User 1: "this is a love story"
User 2: you should have put a full stop after this too . would have made it more legit and made me more scared . mann .  . and shouldn't have sent this
User 1: oh ok will do next time
User 2: tips for the future . write it down .
User 1: yup have a whole nother journal for this
User 2: to some other boy . because i've removed all the rants i had in me . bitch
User 1: nah kind of have practice w this one so let's go w him only . okay i dont wanna get the bitch out
User 2: okay so i'm a really good actor if i strategically don't want to show my feelings . plis to bear mind and bear me
User 1: anyway jenit
User 2: idm . i'll handle all your modes
User 1: anyway
User 2: fine
User 1: jenit
User 2: fine . i won't talk
User 1: fuck you vv soon . see
User 2: even if there's blood 
User 1: oh my . no no blood is over
User 2: don't naughty aisho . great hahaha . missed my meal oops . anywayy . bfly . goodnight jaan
User 1: ty jh j . sorry . sleep off hand . slip . jenit
User 2: anushka
User 1: take care
User 2: you too bro
User 1: love you, see you soon
User 1: gn sleep tight . don't let the bed bugs bite
User 2: hopefully as tight as your cunt
User 1: gn .
User 2: gn . you dead ? . heyoo . all the close ones and the all the ones we lost on the way are in the video loll . but yeah to cute
User 2: separate beds thank god . and breakfast too . ininin . bro unmarried couples not allowed
User 1: o dude
User 2: what have you been doing bbg
User 1: let's do your stayuncle thingy . most of them are showing no for unmarried
User 2: yeah go for it . exactly . this has a no questions asked policy lol
User 1: you know where rush stayed ? . like if it's good
User 2: no . but the site is good . so just check anything available . i'll ask her where she stayed . lol bro only me and sister are at home and we aren't talking at all lol like i'm in the hall and she's in the room . when she passes me also nothingg
User 1: whyy
User 2: who knows kol . idc . anyway . how late did you wake up at aiyo
User 1: very . okay do you have a certain budget . for the room . like roughly
User 2: idkk . never did this lol . but i think it's fine . i def can't book the room . i'll get booze and all . do you . i mean you're only checking so see accordingly plis thanks
User 1: bro can you say
User 2: out
User 1: and location . ofc .
User 2: anything . this idm surburbs . just see for something nice and cosy
User 1: il put 9pm - ten am
User 2: then we can't even nap 
User 1: okay so full day ? . i thought ten am
User 2: no no idk anything
User 1: cause meeting rush
User 2: yes yes cool
User 1: before nine we both can get cute dinner somewhere
User 2: yas
User 2: okay definitely not thane  . check between andheri bandra powai and all these areas . juhu and all
User 1: oh that's close to me . you know what bitch . you better answer when i ask something then
User 2: perfect no . arre thane i don't consider in mumbai wtf 
User 1: dude idk mumbai properly .
User 2: jain is saying to book ginger or ibis . also smoking ?
User 1: can't find this
User 2: they are different hotels . not on stay uncle lol
User 1: oh i thought it's on stayuncle lmao . i thought rush told you about this
User 2: yes but their hotel gave them bt . but they also fucked up so
User 1: how'd they fuck up
User 2: jain passed out in someone else's room and all in the morning
User 1: lmao okay ya we won't ve doing stupid shit like that . wait what's wrong w this one ?
User 2: can't see window in the room . sure ? 
User 1: yaa
User 2: i guess we'll smoke in the bathroom  . idmm .
User 1: showing sold out for me
User 2: oh nevermind i put the dates wrong
User 1: i think this also just got booked out
User 2: fuck
User 1: wait wait . no no it didnt
User 2: how we booking
User 1: wait one last look i'll give
User 1: was just about to sent this one . cause i checked . chembus is between you and me
User 2: but i wanna be between you
User 1: okay so . i can't pay by card cause mom gets alerts for payments . but it's asking partial payment by card . to reserve it
User 2: and my dad gets from mine . how much tho
User 1: um . let me think . six hundred
User 2: my dad isn't home rn so like can you gpay to a friend and then ask them to reserve ?
User 1: wait i'm thinking who to ask . this one only na ? . should i ask tib ? or that's weird . i cajt ask anybody in mumbai
User 2: arusha only bro . i hate when you think so much 
User 1:  ? . you ask her bro
User 2: yes . okay
User 1: dude i dont think this is available you check once
User 2: it is relax
User 1: from 9pm .  ? . don't think so . maybe it's a full day thingy . either way it's fine i guess . ya i reached there as well . but it isn't sending me the otp . i think it's a glitch
User 2: oh man
User 1: wait wtf . why isn't it happening from mine
User 2: your microsoft messaging app for otps lol
User 1: man i didn't get an sms only
User 2:  . but anyway . how to pay
User 1: arusha na ? . i can gpay her . we'll pay by cash at the place . saysay is she online ?
User 2: bitch have replied . hasnt
User 1: accha . im still not getting the mf otp . oh bro . i can send to paytm . and then . pay via that . so on the statement it shows paytm only
User 2:  . perfect . you sure ?
User 1: ya but it isnt sending me the otp . ya . can you pay from my wallet ?
User 2: yeah sure
User 1: like try . idk if it'll work
User 2: give your paytm number
User 1: this only . but . you'll need my password . but . i've used that password in 2-3 other places . so
User 2: otp ?
User 1: no paytm account passwird . idk if i can pay from here . wait . let's rry . what's it showing now . nine billion, seven hundred and sixty-nine million, eight hundred thousand, nine hundred and ninety-four
User 2: it'll send you an otp
User 1: why tf am i not getting otps . bro idk what's wrong w my phone
User 2: restartt
User 1: wait mine is working now dw
User 2: perf .
User 1: it's done yo
User 2: hm
User 1: kya hua
User 2: now i can tell people i'm not in for their plans . and hm . i'm excited .
User 1: bro it fkd up
User 2: m .  ? . relax tell me aramse i'll ask the boys to do
User 1: okay i'm gonna kill myself . i really am .
User 2: use more words
User 1: no . i'm too embarassed . idk how . i put 31st
User 2: your mom found out  .  ?
User 1: it booked for 30th .
User 2: oh man
User 1: how idek
User 1: okay don't hit me .
User 2: no i think we can call and fix that
User 1: dude im so sure this place isnt available
User 2: it was da
User 1: cause it wasn't showing in my list at all when i put the dates . yeah just tried . it says nobody is there to take the call
User 1: dude i put this onlyy  . okay man . i'm gonna kill myself brb
User 2:  . money got deducted right  . bro . okay hopefully you're talking to themn . because i immediately got connected
User 1: yeah . bro idk . wtf . bro . sometimes i think . i attract problems
User 2: ninety-six thousand, nine hundred and sixty-nine 66222 . i'm one true
User 1: ya i called this
User 1: i spoke to the hotel in case they can shift from their side
User 2: send me the confirmation message you got . i'll handle it
User 1: no . i'll do it
User 2: chalo do
User 1: i just have to take a bath eat and go meet friends and do this in half an hour
User 2: give no jaan you get ready
User 1: it told me all uncles and aunties are in the room . that's why they can't answer me
User 2:  . i got connected to ritika in 0 .25362782 seconds
User 1: oh i'm talking to ritika now
User 1: she's modifyong on their sid . i think they have one dude . that does everything
User 2: hahaha
User 1: one aunty alone
User 2: she goes through a lotta sex problems from customers on daily basis lol
User 1: bro she's saying 10-7
User 2: noo . okay i think i know what's up .  i started the booking on my phone which allows you to reserve and pay within half an hour
User 1: ya ya . wait
User 2: okay . you deal with it
User 1: bro . like nothing happens seedha seedha in my life . legit . nothong . which makes me think
User 2: are you on call
User 1: im holding . she's talking to the hotel peeps . price change - 2950590
User 2: it was this only
User 1: cool . okay done . broo . i'm too tired . i can't get up only
User 2: i guess that picture does remind me that there are lesser things that i do cherish . 
User 1: i'll tell my brother to set up my for while i go take a bath i guess . yeah i heard that shutup now . ihy like too much
User 2: set up what ?
User 1: food
User 2: i didn't know . ya . i pure bfly .
User 1: he won't do it tho . bro i cant . hey . get . up . like . for sure . i'm gonna cry if i have to move
User 2: you're going to be ready till four i can see that happening
User 1: legit . dude i smoked three suttas yesterday . fuck . won't smoke aaj
User 2: same . i did two after lunch and two after dinner . alone
User 1: shit
User 2: like everyone was out yesterday . getting the pills . i want going to go to marol for something i'm not even popping 
User 1: accha
User 2: wasn't
User 1: dude you pakka don't feel bad . about missing that .  ?
User 2: should i ask you the same about your hfs party
User 1: no . i don't feel bad man . most of these peeps aren't even my friend . but those peeps are you friends . friends
User 2: and you're more than a friend . and more importantly they are never leaving mumbai . we don't know when we'll be together properly again . if i feel something is right i just go for it .
User 1: jelly . omg . okay you make sense . why can't i ever think clearly
User 2: i'm too smart
User 1: why does it always have to be me fighting w me
User 2: amateurs . yeah man . you need to fucking relax in life . hey maybe you should try s
User 1: phew
User 2: oh wait you already knee deep .
User 1: umm yeah what's that . dude . i think i'll enjoy paris . cause after so long . it'll be just me . i think i need this . i'll read books . listen to music . study . socialize a bit in healthy amounts and not as an obligation
User 2: exactlltty . oh fuck i love waking up and reading with breakfast everyday . really glad i started that
User 1: yeah man
User 2: otherwise also
User 1: that sounds perff
User 2: you'll relax properly . 
User 1: i haven't done anything useful in the past so many days
User 2: yeah who wants to hangout with indians lol .  . studyu
User 1: after 1st . lmao
User 2: duolingo toh i'm vv disappointed bro . shish . best opportunity
User 1: too real  . sorry sorry . was walking . so i thought i'd talk to you . at uru's place . s is here too . we're leaving for coffee somewhere
User 2: sorry i was sleeping . cuttee
User 1: yas
User 2: snap me and text laterr :)
User 1: bro . we're drinking instead 
User 2: you have issues man . good to burn the inner boo-boos with booze . nice
User 1:  . bro they denied us the liquor
User 2: whyy . 25 ? . hahahhaha
User 1: ya dude . powai social didn't allow
User 2: where you now
User 1: s and u in the washroom . i asked the bar dude . to give some complimentary drinks . lmao . and he said yes  . dude im such a cheap fuck . 
User 2: what all did you have omg . what's he getting
User 1: a lot . like . one tequila shot . one kamikaze . one cosmo . one bloody mary now . now the complimentary one also lmao . y vb
User 2:  . omg . bro . this looks to good . i'm glad you drunk at manipal time  . late evening ahh . don't send me only drinks show me yourself too . please do this man . start by removing them
User 1: stfu yo
User 2: show me drunk face . how many things are you ordering . oh fuck the snaps don't stopp . fuck . heloo . imy . do you know prithish advani aditya nagpal . vinisha . ajvani . bro j can't hear anything 
User 1: vro . they w . wer saying . thay tjey love you
User 2: i wanted to talk to them 
User 1: pls video call . can you pls
User 2: it'll take me time 
User 1: hear them
User 2: im so glad about what they said . idm video calling now hehe . free for ten
User 1: hi . ya . we druno . srujp
User 2: yep can see that . your friends are too sweet . but they didn't introduce themselves only  . idek who i was talking to you but she made my day :)
User 1: hi
User 2: hello . what's up where are youu
User 1: iust boughtba . bottle of wine froma tapri . and ate a  brownie before it
User 2:  . aw . are you still outt . i'm finally back home ready to give you my undivided attention :)
User 1: i'm so dead
User 2: yeah y'all didn't stop today  . all good ?
User 1: bro we fkd
User 2: it's too late . please get them back asap . and then party at home . yeah you shouldn't take them to manipal level uf
User 1: bro . oh god i feel bad . is this my fault . they're so fkd
User 2:  . manipal . please get back man . kinda getting worried . call for uber
User 1: u and i arebat hone . s . her dad fame to pick herbup
User 2: good .  . chalo perfect . he doesn't mind no . hellos . is she puking at your place too lel
User 1: ya . fuck . come online . omgg dud
User 2: hi
User 1: bro . u is pukijgnluke msd . my whole house is in puke . and o cleaned all of it . as much ad posdible . my bro is helijg me
User 1: but now i'm tired
User 2:  . hahahahhahaha . oh bro . keep her in the washroom . your parents haven't come ?  . all good ? . okay i'm sleeping babe . take care
User 1: okay hi . i kind of passed out
User 2: hello cut . top of the morning to you
User 1: dead . af
User 2:  . that hungover ?
User 1: dude . i have a full bottle of wine in my bag . idk why we thought we could drink it
User 2:  . did y'all even start from it
User 1: a bit
User 2: or did the puking start first . hahahaha
User 1: omg dude . we video called ypu . from the park
User 2: after they peed on the grass yes 
User 1: your friend would've thought we're weird as fuck . ya  . holy fuck
User 2: she did  . but i got enough validation then
User 1: bro omg . we made out w each other so much
User 2:  . where even  . do i consider this as cheating tho lol . jytftrsfg dfgk,
User 1: no man . they're my besties . everywhere
User 2: jkk
User 1: it started w s saying . "you both have boys this is not fair" . and then u and i are consoling her . by kissing her . yeah idk what's up
User 2: hahahaha . how do three people  make out . doesn't one get left out lol
User 1: been there before tbh . in hyd
User 2: that was four people lol
User 1: no three
User 2: oh . but do you get turned on by it or jsut because there is alcohol in your system lol
User 1: def alcohol
User 2: hhehehe
User 1: idk . bro
User 2: which part
User 1: so much shit happened
User 2: han . tel
User 1: cute shit
User 2: aww . tell me some . i want to know . y'all were definitely having too much fun in the park . when you called me
User 1: bro we had too much fun . fuck . so legit from hfs . for me . the most important people . are the three other girls from the group . s v and u . v wasn't here
User 2: fuck . it started with casfe and oh well . :x
User 1: bro legit . ya she was pissed dude . she kept sending sad emojis
User 2: but y'all video called her no
User 1: she wasn't picking up . dude idk . how . we didn't lose anything .  . bro i cleaned so much puke . so much . dude
User 1: my brother cam and started helping me i cried . he's the cutest
User 2: ofc
User 1: he didn't even ask once "wtf is this" "what is wrong w y'all" . he's so caring man
User 2: he was the only sober one he knew what was going on
User 1: cause i didn't wanna be alone cleaning . i told him to just be there . w me
User 2: hahahahha
User 1: but he started helping
User 2: cutie
User 1: and he got the aur freshner thingy
User 2: where were your parents broo
User 1: ya but honestly don't expect him to understand naa he's too small . ya once i cleaned most of it
User 2: what too small
User 1: i passed out
User 2: 12th he is
User 1: ya man he doesn't see this kindnof shit . he only studied . that's why i didn't message
User 2: yeah how come you suddenly woke up at three
User 1: but the lights in my room were on . so my mom woke up to drink water
User 2: yeah i figured lol
User 1: and saw the lights on . and came in . like she knocked . and i woke up
User 2: and saw y'all deadd
User 1: and opened the foor . and i was so thirsty then . i got up and got water . and i spoke to mom for some time . telling her what happened . and she's like major pitying both of us . u for puking . and me for cleaning . like i didn't keep the kapda for cleaning back in the place cause o was too tired
User 2: hehehehe . oho
User 1: and i was telling ma, "i cant keep every back in its place pls" . i was half asleep only . and she's telling me to chill . but my mother being my mother . knew i wouldn't have cleaned everything properly . she tried to sleep . but that thought kept bothering her . so she cleaned everything again 
User 2: yeah that's a proper mom definition fuckk . hahahaha . too good the night was . fucks . goals
User 1: bro . we started in front of coffee by di bella . and did a quick switch to powai social . and then a quicker switch to hoppi . also my parents are vv happy w the kind of drunk person i am 
User 2: and you asked for complimentary shots haahhahahaha
User 1: omg ya . wtf . he gave also man 
User 2: me too
User 1: aw ly . dude i can see slowly slowly . my parents . freaking out about me staying in paris
User 2: o . what did theys say
User 1: my dad just asked me to send terence's number . my mom bought another pepper spray online
User 2: omg
User 1: they are already scolding me for roaming in paris late at night and i've not even done that yet . legit . they're telling, "anshu tum agar late bahar nikli toh bohot gussa karenge"
User 2: yeah but if they know anything from mumbai or manipal they know you will do it again anyway lols
User 1: lmao . but ya ofc i'll be safe
User 2: what time curfew do they want you to have
User 1: that they didn't say lmao . cause they know that won't work . so the boots or whatever that i will need for paris i'm gonna buy there only . cause i guess i'll find more weather specific stuff there . hard for me to predict here
User 2: aiyo
User 1: i asked v that's what she did as well . so i reach on 8th
User 2: yeah all the cold related stuff too
User 1: i'll ask nelly . what to buy and wherebto buy . 9th i'll go . cause i have an off then . 10th i'll start
User 2: oo too busy you'll be . haha . but yes . fuck . paris is too close . but anushka
User 1: i did see an hm there lmao . yeah omg . i'm kind of excited now
User 2: its a worldwide brand ofcc . duh
User 1: arey . like close to my house
User 2: oh . see everything bro . you have time hi time
User 1: ya i'll ask nelly dude . kind of advantageous to have her . she'll legit help too much . i can see . i think i'll drop her another email telling her i'm excited lmao . cause everytime she tried to be emotional and noce
User 2: who she . you were formal . uf
User 1: my dad became all skeptical and made me type messages regarding 'thr lease' 'contract' 'exit clause' . i honestly wouldnt have been . but my dad scared me a loy . she's the landlady . she also stays there . i have one room in that apt . and there's another lady in the other room
User 2: oh .
User 1: yep . i would've died in a studio tbh . i'm glad i found this middle ground . where i'm alone . yet not . oh bro i'm already getting in that poetic spiritual mood
User 2: new city doesn't make sensee .  . good .
User 1: yaa
User 2: too many things are going to be written there . i can see it coming
User 1: hehehehehhe
User 2: hey idm reading whatever you write . just saiyng
User 1: this, i think, is tibs fav poem
User 2: oh fuck
User 1: he told me he loved the perfect peace part haha
User 2: ya . after so many year of going behind him then dating . then things not turning out well . you finally shut that chapter of your life
User 1: yup . but i think this had more to do w me than him
User 2: exactly perfect peace with the past . yeah . like you were done too with it
User 1: yup . so this was the first happy one i wrote
User 2: kinda shows that you were done and dusted kinda thing and let the past rest
User 1: like truly happy . and now i caj write happy shit
User 2: so you weren't lying in the poem wow
User 1: yup . very meta
User 2: i love the four stanza fuck
User 1: i kind of started w the title . and found it a bit funny when j thought of it . and that's how the poem came to be . ya it's cute for sure . i love that line also . "a perfect rhyme in this flood" . idk . something about it just feels so real . that entire stanza . the desperation to find something in you . to help complete a poem you're writing . but sometimes it just doesn't happen . it's such a bad feeling . basically writers block . this coupled w the previous line . cause it's so real . you feel like you're fighting yourself
User 2: or sometimes your head is so choatic, but yyou still find the perfect line . like this entire poem, especially the end
User 1: phew . this poem reminds me of something so so different
User 2: yeah your poems have truly deep multiple meanings depending on the person reading it
User 1: a different person . different state of mind . i was really desperately look for happiness everywhere
User 2: glad i didn't know her lol
User 1: looking
User 2:  . its okay
User 1: i'm glad i was . cause that desperation only led me to having the experiences i had
User 2: you're definitely in a better place now
User 1: and making the connections i wanted . and doing the things i wanna do . ya man for sure . wow . i feel so good rn . omg
User 2: :'))))))
User 1: my parents love this poem too much . for them also . it felt like . i was changing . in a good way . sohan's fav write up was the temporary places one
User 2: which ?
User 1: but yeah sohan loved this one for some reason
User 2: oh okay this
User 1: he wanted to frame it . so the only reason i shared it w him . this i wrote in hyd . is because i knew he'd like it . idk how i knew . especially the . the shift in the mindset . cause that's how confused i was sitting in that cafe alone
User 2: what is that part after "i am" . yeah that is too fucking real . you weren't happy there ? . that conflicted inside ?
User 1: i kind of needed to be alone . but i couldnt . cause so much was happening in hyd . and when i dont get that alone time . i become a little self destructive
User 2: aiyo
User 1: so i legit just ran away from my apartment . and went alone to this place . switched off my internet . and wrote this . and then walked around a little . and i felt so good
User 2: like what tho
User 1: then i was ready to be w people again . i need to checkpoint w myself regularly . that's why i'm excited about paris . cause i'll finally get that . constantly surrounded by people
User 2: to do whatever the fuck you want :')
User 1: no time to myself . ya . cause yk how much my brain thinks about what other people are thinking . so sometimes having a physical space between me and other people helps cause i dont think about what they may be thinking
User 2: ya uff 
User 1: and then my mind opens up to thinking about nice and important stuff . instead of this rubbish noise
User 2: it clearly works in your case so well . do anything that's necessary ! . man you're beautiful . like the way you work . and your mind works . it's pretty picture perfect . fuck . so . why were s and u being so loving  itna kya boldiya tumne . hahahahha
User 1:  ! . dude i just said i'm happy .  . they get too excited . cause i think . they're seeing me genuinely doing couple-y things w a boy other than sohan . and for them it's a much bigger deal than you think . cause they've only ever seen me like sohan
User 2: what couple-y things are we doing
User 1: arey . like making pancakes
User 2: i remember you snatching the phone when they started talking too much
User 1: or grilled cheese sandwiches
User 2: hahahaha
User 1: arcade
User 2: cutee
User 1: cute cafe's . cafes . ya ofc they were going mad . also shutup we do couple-y shit
User 2: yeah yeah ofc i was just asking which ones do they know about haha
User 1: oh accha thank god
User 2: im not going to deny that we do cute lovey dovey datey shit ever . period .
User 1: thank you . yeah so they get vv happy when i tell them that . they wanted to see pics of us
User 2: i love how s was like they are too drunk and im handling them and as soon as i got back home she was puking lol
User 1: so i was showing whatever we have . and they were legit crying . 
User 2: cutie
User 1: they're too cute uff
User 2: just like us . but yeah im glad i got to talk to them . sorry i couldn't talk to them properly . when yo called, at one time there were five girls screaming and i legit did not know what was happening . you three and the two i was with . did you meet zahraa
User 1: lmao . i said hi to her
User 2: okay i kinda wanted to meet them ! . they were to nicen . oh man . just picked up your gift . yeah i really hope you like it 
User 1: man they wanted to meet you too . like too badly . one day we should meet each other's friends
User 1: oh man i'm so excited i'll cry for sure
User 2: yes . clearly they are okay with kissing you maybe y'all will feel bad and include me too :) . yeah it's not one of those kinda gifts . i'm sure you've seen it before . i changed it up a bit . man that day if we weren't baked out of our minds we could have gone to haji ali . which is right there . and met . anushka im too excited for tonight . omg
User 1: wow . sure . oh god omg
User 2: cool let's meet your group first
User 1: oh ya . dude tonight . is it okay if i just bake . pls ? . saysay . cause ir eally don't wanna drink . i wanna be baked . like . enough to enjoy and not get fkd
User 2: you do what you want man  . why will i stop . get the wine you have for me  . aiyo should have controlled yesterday . no yeh toh you getting fucked
User 1: pls dude . i wanna enjoy
User 2: fuck you already got the gifts from tib ! . too nice . i was saying fucked fucked . you get however  you want . i did not know you liked tin tin !
User 1: i love tintin
User 2: arghh i'm jealous you and sid started bonding before mee . i started talking to you late and started talking to him to late . but okay noted . ik you'll try the coffee today only lol
User 1: hehehehhehe
User 2: anushka can you get your laptop please
User 1: whyy
User 2: we aren't watching the movie ?
User 1: no let's not watch . we don't have much time
User 2: okay okay . full night we have but okay 
User 1: idkk
User 2: cool . ecstasyy . there's no perm just reminding you haa . where you disappear'
User 1:  . yum .  . went to do some work w papa
User 2: all done ?
User 1: yupp . got two hundred euros . just to keep some cash . i have one amex card . enabled international usage for my debit card . and now i'm deciding whether to get the sim there only or from here . cause i think i have some good plans . from here only . but need to check if the coverage is good there . what tie up . got some medicines to take . like my asthma inhaler, allergy med, combiflam, paracetamol . got my screen guard changed . finally . yo . can you wake up . we need to plan . cause it'll take us forty mins to reach that area . wake up dude . fast . there's some cute cafe near that place . we canngo
User 2: woah you did a lot with dad wow . okay you make me feel bad  . hahaha cutee . anything is fine jaan . tu jo bolo woh karege
User 1: man . fuck you . accha what time are we leaving . from our homes . cause . there will be traffic . say . what time do we leave
User 2: my family is so full of bs . yeah so mom denied each and everything . and so i straight up asked her what about the ash aren't you a stress smoker . shes like she has no idea it would have been something else . and my sister is shouting at me too . i'm like i'm not stupid i know what ash is
User 1: okay wtf . are you alright ?
User 2: and my mom is pretending she doesn't know shit . and my sister is a fucking bitch
User 1: bro let it be then i guess nothing else you can do . it's good you tried
User 2: yeah fuck it i'm done with the fam . now i know i don't wanna move back
User 1: hm . wya now . in your room ?
User 2: i really wanna slap my sister across her face . motherfucking cunt . she's ready to believe i didn't see ash ?
User 1: wait didn't your sis also confront your mom
User 2: no she spoke to her when i was sleeping . my mom is like she crushed the other half to check what it was and it might have fallen and she kept this half to ask me what it is
User 1: okay jen, dw things will get a little neutralized soon . tell me all about it when we meet . oh . oh okay . okay jenit, what time should we leave ? . 7 ?
User 2: okay where are we meeting
User 1: ya you tell me . le cafe
User 2: i really can't think straight rn
User 1: this is one cafe near by . ik ik i'll do it
User 2: so just tell me where to reach by what time
User 1: le cafe chembur . it's like five mins walking from where we stay . other option is grandmama's cafe . which is also nice . actually let's do this place only . so we should assume forty-five mins to reach chembus . it's kind of in the middle of both of our homes . so around what time do you wanna reach ? . try rolling one joint and getting it ? will that be possible ?
User 2: this
User 1: okie .  ?
User 2: where will we smoke bro . no idea
User 1: like we can check in at nine right ?
User 2: yeah i don't think it'll be possible . yes
User 1: okay okay no worries . so do you wanna go to the hotel first and then the cafe . or cafe then hotel . depending on that we can decide on the time
User 2:  . before nine obviously
User 1: okay cool
User 2: bro since you aren't drinking and i won't be drinking much
User 1: but i also want us to be at the cafe a little baked
User 2: should i get my car ? . hehehe . cute . true
User 1: you want me to buy something here ?
User 2: wine only lol that you have
User 1: i kind of told my parents to have the wine i bought for ny . so i'll go buy another one then . so what do we do ?
User 2: lol . please decide .  .
User 1: can we stone in your car ? . cause then we'll be baked in the cafe . so i'll come by autocab to le cafe . you come by car
User 2: where will we crush and roll
User 1: in the car ?
User 2: chembur ke beech 
User 1: idk man i'm thinking how we can be baked in the cafe
User 2: hahaha true . we can meet at nine only then  ? . stone in the hotel . go fast to the cafe
User 1: then cafe ?
User 2: and be back before twelve
User 1: okay cafe closes at one am
User 2: perfect we can bounce whenever
User 1: fine . are you getting your car ? . or not ? . cause now you don't have to get it if you don't want to get it . don't have to be back before twelve
User 2: yeah i kinda wanted to kiss you really hard but cool . idk if i'll be allowed seeing what just happened . but yeah if we don't need it then perf
User 1: okie . yeah okay . so let's leave by 8 ? . from home
User 2: what time do we reach by is the question . it's showing thirty mins for me rn
User 1: lmao it's showing fifty mins for me
User 1: yeah . anywho i'll leave by 8-8:15
User 2: col . then nine we'll meet perfect
User 1: put arrive time on google as 9 . and see when it tells you to depart
User 2: first hotel no
User 1: yeah it's telling you to leave by eight pm . ya
User 2: oh yeah hahaha how times change . get it get it . okay sorry for being weird . okay i think we might even get a strain joint 
User 1: huh . no
User 2: i'm going to get the stash that's remaining because fuck my family who wants to stay in that taboo
User 1: okay no bro it's okay let it be . they'll get more pissed . leave by 8:15
User 2: yeah let them try me . okay hon
User 1: and i'll leave by 8 . we'll probably reach a bit early tho . shouldn't be a problem
User 2: better than wasting our room time amirite
User 1: ya exwctly . wyd now
User 2: staying away from family . need to look for my bad . bag . wait what all are you getting
User 1: what all are you carrying ?
User 2: jinx
User 1: omg lmao . umm . i'll carry comfy clothes . charger . toothbrush . do you have a speaker ? . in case we wanna hear music
User 2: yes i'll get
User 1: okie
User 2: we will
User 1: what else ? . i'll get the wine bottle also
User 2: i'm not thinking anything till j meet you
User 1: bro . okayy
User 2: get a small one only . unless you help me a littllee
User 1: no dude i'm not drinking . i'll take a ceremonial sip if necessary
User 2:  . that was a given
User 1: how small ?
User 2: get wine bro i'll finish it with your help anyway
User 1: okay i'll get whatever i find here
User 2: yes just get any random one . clearly no need to be fancy . and yeah i need a smoke break so i'mma do that . oh fuck it's cold out today . nice
User 1: okay . ya
User 2: idk what just happened . i just took a long circle of my area and just came back . idek what happened to the smoking
User 1: wait wtf that sounds unlike you . yo all okay ? . okay dw we meeting soon i'll give you one nice hug . and it'll all be fine
User 2: yeah i really need one tbh . okay i'm going to try my best to put this behind me but i'm already apologising if i turn out to be a dud . i'm sorry
User 1: heyhey . don't say sorry . i'll take you in any way i can get you
User 2: yeah you don't really have any other option .
User 1: ya ya all good no worries
User 2: ready for the same breakdown that i had to hear from you ? 
User 1: readyy
User 2: dude i have an hour and idek what to do . eminem phase is back
User 1: yeah same . what you listening to
User 2: shuffling em . his voice is just settling when i get like this . when i'm gone rn
User 1: yeaah
User 2: hi . readum . m
User 1: almost . leaving
User 2: directly at the hotel na
User 1: a . ya . shit i'm late . dude we cna buy the wine there kya . like some shop there . say
User 2: ya da . dw
User 1: man your phone never connects . bro it never connects . to your phone . this is so pissing off . what are these single ticks . live location shared
User 2: live location shared . mine is 8:56 shit
User 1: sanee . same . 8:57 now . on my phone
User 2: yass . i have to reach before . you made me happy by saying you made an effort 
User 1: too much effort . more than my bday
User 1: ya you better die
User 2: fuck okay
User 1: or act like you're dying
User 2: i'm already in the process . uff no acting needed . you know how hot you sre . i know how hot you are . why hide emotions
User 1: you tell yourself
User 1: i don't have issues w that
User 2: and neither do i .
User 1: i have issues w hiding my body . not hiding emotions
User 2: yes noticed . so i guess we both just have to learn the things we bad at
User 1: yep
User 2: i'm doing a good job . lol . @u . jk
User 1: shutup
User 2: you're improving
User 1: so much traffic
User 2: at an exponential rate
User 1: i'm barely able to leave hiranandani . ty
User 2: and i'm glad i can make you comfortable . 
User 1: now it's showing 9 . shit
User 2: i'm on the same route as that day lel
User 1: shit that's lot . lit . that's a nice road man . no traffic . i'm on eastern express hwy
User 2: auto are allowed there ? ! 
User 1: ya man . they arents allowed on the freeay . freeway
User 2: too many bridges idek . yeah we definitely in a ldr in mumbai powai 
User 1: lmao . i've gone that side vv often . so ik . the way . from here to your place . if this auto wala spits outside again i'll lose my mind
User 2: bro from your place to colaba would have been skme lonavala type drive  . 
User 1: how does one spit so much . lmao no no it's nice only
User 2: mine has tobacco in his mouth
User 1: the fwy makes it easy
User 2: so he isn't talking lel
User 1: naa . he seems a little stressed
User 2: why da
User 1: also you have cash
User 2: traffic does that to everyone
User 1: yeah
User 2: yes yes i'll wait outside for you
User 1: i have some . no no . for the hotel
User 2: yeah yeah
User 1: okie
User 2: gotcha
User 1: phew
User 2: you just meet me mann
User 1: idk how much i hsve i haven't checked . bro i'm too dressed up for a cafe
User 2: it's okay
User 1: fuck
User 2: oh fuck you're that dressed ? !
User 1: it's gonna be too embarassing
User 2: my imagination is going wild . huh idm sitting with a sex bomb
User 1: lmao no no . v pg only
User 2: till the clothes come off ik how it goes . hehehe . no . but i'm happy
User 1: like i'm that dressed
User 2: hehe
User 1: that my dad told me . to wear a jacket . to 'complete my outfiy' . lmao sure
User 2:  . oh man . don't talk like this . we might have to skip the cafe then
User 1: okay like don't imagine slutty  . cause it's not that . almost reaching . fifteen mins
User 2:  . no no . like between beautiful pretty and hot . mine is showing twenty oho
User 1: okay thank god i wore the jacket . i'm freezing
User 2: oh you wore it . bro you are too good at the lipstick thing . uff
User 1: ya
User 2: mar hi daloge . wru
User 1: heres a song for you . sunflower by jakub zytecki
User 1: tell me when you sit . in the car
User 2: yas . it's almost hete
User 1: okie
User 2: insatt . i sat
User 1: okay perf . thank god
User 2: dude looks like a gunda
User 1: not too long also
User 2: but wished me so sweetly
User 1: lmao mine looks v sweet . wow maybe mine is a gunda then secretly
User 2: time to whip out that socialising sutt .  . unlike your sexual capacity in bed uff
User 1: omg lmao really ? . what
User 2: you always 
User 1: lmao you also okay
User 2: you legit started each and every round . and i didn't know that's how you like to start all your days . yeah anushka you were looking beautiful the other night . thank you for making the effort . it didn't go unnoticed
User 1: hii . hehehehe . aw jen ty ty ty for you only
User 2: for boyfriends only  :') . how much more time for you to reach . baked eyes side view lol . i'm back
User 1: ya ya forgot to message when i reached . ya  . rio scratched me too much . how's the scene at home
User 2: just reached
User 1: accha
User 2: shit j don't have a dog to excuse my scratches uf
User 1: omg . ah
User 2: going to go have a bath first to remove the smellkss . you a bad bad girl
User 1: my mom said i smell v good lmao . i am kind ofr . same . i'll brush also
User 2:  . yeah wtf we forgot the same things . okay so mom isn't home . she goes somewhere everyday around this time
User 1: woah
User 2: must track her  because masi called and she said she couldn't get in touch . let's se how it goes . must get rid of the  tho 
User 1: omgg . keep for vodit
User 2: yeah i'll sit in my room tonight just keep rolling . see my insta if you want me to delete . tell fast
User 1: no it's okie 
User 2: why don't we take pictures properly in the rooms or in the road and shit 
User 1: ya man . bro . you should've put the selfie wentook
User 2: na i don't want to show my ugly face . fine your food photography is better stop flexing smh . iconic reaction to your daily bs  . equally baked, equally love, equally too fucking cute . hey we look like a couple over there
User 1: urff . hehehhehe . hahaha . aw . maybe cause we were
User 2: couple of bestiess . but anushka you should have been this nasty in manipal . kinda will miss that . among other things ofc  . fuck . yeah my  is going to be under maintenance for a while . fuck . yeah i had a really wholesome night with you and i wouldn't have preferred it any other way . and i'm glad i've started this year on such a positive note . i love our talks and the moments we spend . and i'm sorry if there was too much silence at times but i was just taking it all in . needed each moment to sink in from today . and i'm happy it did . i can't think of many things to say but yes, i had a perfect night .
User 1: hehehe it takes me time lmao .  . hahahaha sorry not sorry . me too yk . okay pls shutup jen . me too .
User 2: same . i'm glad  . one last apology, for hitting the wrong organs  . okay i'm done . hi . yeah mom isn't talking to me . and dad is too awkward . yols
User 1: omg hahaha np  . oh bro . the bruises must've hurt in the shower . oh shit . omgg
User 2: while wiping i died thrice but otherwise it was good .  . wearing a full sleeve at home after so long  . two thousand and twenty new relationship lol . let's see how the year goess
User 1: oh bro fuck i hate this
User 2: yeah i'm going to show it off . so hate me moree . yeah i'm not stopping these . i was legit emptying the packet on my face for the end powder
User 1: ah
User 2: tell your dad jenit loves loves it
User 1: yaa . glad . so happy you like this . fuck i'm so sleepy . but have to study a bit today . was also thinking i'll drop a mail to nelly
User 2: do this first . new year new you oo . love it . but doubt you'll study anything . it's okay take today off . just drink a lot of water . i don't want you get a uti  . you deleted this message
User 1: lmao . ya too sleepy . han it's not burning or anything now . and i peed . and drank water . i'm good only
User 2: oh thank god . bro i'm having lunch and then going to risk not putting an alarm
User 1: lmao . what did you delete . wowowowowow what a baller . just booked my seats for the flight :') . like selected my seats
User 2: web check in no . nothing nothing
User 1: yup . say .
User 2: what are your plans but
User 1: idk dude . i'll se . i'm also sleepy tbh . but i want to studyy
User 2: i again was talking about last night and realised i'm fan girling over you too much . new boyfriends can't be that crazy after dating for fourteen hours so had to delete
User 1: but i wont be able to until i sleep . say now .
User 2: how many hours  . just online links no . chal we'll study together till we have time . too much i have to get done to . arre i don't remember now . 
User 1: yo
User 2: was just going to compliment your sexuality, again .
User 1: let's play cod
User 2: aaja
User 1: wait . redding home
User 2: huh
User 1: reaching . was in nature's basket
User 2: okk . what'd you get . oh that yogurts there 
User 1: shit didn't buy . avocado
User 2: oh the french way . hehhehe
User 1: yum
User 2: sorry for relating everything to france . bro that eye liner  . you had a bath ?
User 1: okie dad done w the work now next stop . ya . i rubbed my eyes so much . i think i need proper makeup remover
User 2: home ? .  . if you start wearing proper make up that is . and you should . because last night, you were on flek . hit the rightt st . with the make up that is
User 1: buying a bulb . then home
User 2: okie waitingg
User 1: that's it ? .  . so ready to whoop your ass in ffa
User 2: you hit the right s with the make up, nothing else .  .
User 1: okay
User 2: you come man . i'll blow your brains with that revolver
User 1: say . fuck off bitch . you wait
User 2:  . what were you typing
User 1: my stealth chopper will be stationed on your ass . sorry . say . yeah i'm waiting
User 2: like i was on your ass the every time i woke up ?
User 1: yup
User 2: because that did cause a lot of destruction
User 1: man i want more coffee .  . if my v had a face rn
User 2: i know you're going to wake up and have a proper strong cup anyway so wait for it
User 1: she dead dead
User 1: yup 
User 2: yeah i think we fucked too many times .
User 1: bro my flight doesn't have alcohol . 
User 2: wtf . which airways ?
User 1: man i'm so stupid . kuwait
User 2: hahahahhaha
User 1: lmao
User 2: for booking without seeing ? 
User 1: why don't i think of all this . my dad reminded me there's no alcohol
User 2:  . is he laughing at you 
User 1: dude i've never flown international
User 2: is your stop like doha or something
User 1: kuwait . no
User 2: yeah you can't even drink at the airport  . uf . it's fine
User 1: :p . so these are really good flights . one layover . 55k round trop . and i'm there in kuwait for only 2h
User 2: next time you'll be considerate enough for yourself and book a flight that lets you have fun in the air . yes this time is actually pretty good . but waiting at international airport isn't like waiting at bangalore airport  . too many things to do
User 1: yeah i honestly don't know
User 2: this is too good
User 1: i'm too clueless . okay i'm cod ready
User 2: about love . jk jk . ajao
User 1: ready . i'm online . you also come bitch
User 2: almost there
User 1: good gane
User 2: fu for killing me with drones and shit
User 1:  .
User 2:  well my girlfriend can beat be whenever she wants . me . going to sleep . hopefully i have happy anushka dreams
User 1: ew . gn kiddo
User 2: hello . i'm still sleepy dude
User 1: dude . even i just woke up . yeah same
User 2: arghh
User 1: and i already have some work to do for my mom man
User 1: her exhibition is from tomorrow . bro legit
User 2: what do you have to get
User 1: idk man something from nykaa for her . and i've to withdraw money
User 2: arre ordering online only no
User 1: idk she wants it tomorrow
User 2: send your brother . oops how to do that
User 1: he's watching chelsea v brighton . so he barely has a life so my parents get happy when he shows interest in non academic stuff
User 1: he went for an ny party last night . and there was alcohol
User 2: so they too excited that he's getting out if the house hahahaha . o . how did that go
User 1: he didn't drink lmao . but he had fun
User 2: was he lucky enough for a 12am kiss . like me
User 1: man . no .  . he's paavam like me only
User 2: i think you talking about the two thousand and nineteen anushka because damn this two thousand and twenty anushka is a big  . m
User 1: shutup  . i'll make me some coffee ? . should i
User 2: how will you wake up otherwise ? ? . oh bro so my neck is broken into at least eight pieces
User 1: tru . bro my body too okay
User 2: mine is because of the pillow over there . idk your reasons  . okay i just came out of the room
User 1: my legs hurt near my v . how's the scene
User 2: cramps from spreading them for too long  . wait i'll tell . idk whose at home
User 1: yes lmao what to do . okie
User 2: who's
User 1: dude there was this really slutty yet classy top is zara . like i would've bought it if mom wasn't there . i wanna wear tit showy stuff at least once in my life . it was too hot . the moment i wore it . my mom is just looking at my tits and going, "ya no not buying this"
User 2: just classy da . your tits looked too different that's why we calling it slutty
User 1: in her defense my tits were basically out
User 1: but it was nice man
User 1: i wanna wear such stuff phew
User 2: wasnt that the point
User 1: ya
User 2: uf with them swadess . hey you 21 . two thousand and twenty you get your wardrobe love
User 1: lmao
User 2: hahaha how did you convince her . lols
User 1: didn't buy it
User 2: oh i thought you were talking about the red one ! . wait what which one you didn't send me fuck
User 1: no dude . i didn't take a pic only shit
User 2:  . you would have received one mast care package from bangalore, india . uf . anushka . but it's fine, first time . now you know what kinda wardrobe you want tho so eh there ain't stopping you . dude 9th january you're going to go ham behind shopping fuck . if you still consider me your boi then show me everythingfgg arghh
User 1: hshahaha . ofc my boii . yo my bro and i are playing cod for some . wanna join ?
User 2: i'm still too tired so eating food . y'all continue
User 1: aw okie
User 2: i'm just a boi you usedd to know
User 1: ro mat bc
User 2: arre bhai bhai bhai .  . so i told mom about vidit coming for breakfast . at least some words came from her mouth . and i'm having dinner already . i'm too hungry ahh . so she made it and gave
User 1: ohh . isn't it early for dinner
User 2: i'll have a post dinner what else  . man this tiredness needs to go away quick
User 1: sort
User 2: i'm just lying like a sloth
User 1: yeah dude i have to go out then man
User 2: yeah committed all the seven sins today too already . 
User 1: how today
User 2: what is the nykaa thing butt . twelve am se lust ho toh gaya . rest six happen on daily basis anyway  . wrath from last night because it hasn't been twenty-four hours lolss
User 1: okie fone . idk she'll tell me what to buy . lmao . aah . bro my mausi is too pretty . like fuck . i die always
User 2: if i was on talking terms with sister i could have gotten you discount . jiju works at nykaa so he has the code  . uf like girls your own age man
User 1: oh god 
User 2: what is this . show mee
User 1: she's legit v young
User 2: how will i understand
User 1: you'll stop liking me
User 2: hm
User 1: she's in her late 20s . or she's thirty
User 2: anyway breaking up in five hojrs . exactly like my new hoes in ff21
User 1:  .
User 2: wtf . don't call her mausi .  . because .  . wtf hahahaha
User 1: haha . she got married in the beginning of the year
User 2: why do ugly guys always get the hottest ones
User 1: my mama is also too cute . her brother . he also is too young . he just got married as well
User 2: wait these are your mom's first cousins right
User 1: yup
User 2: ha thank god . otherwise would have given me a heart attack . how was your cod sess . ready for work
User 1:  ?
User 2: how are they so young compared to your mom then !
User 1: yeah my bro is too good
User 2: and why isn't your mom a  then .  . i need to learn from the younger gen . if i ever meet him that is
User 1: idek what to say
User 2: like al your other close friends 
User 1:  .
User 2: her daughter can pull it off so well we'll wait for her to touch thirty-five
User 1: wyd abhi
User 2: coursera  . have to get one certificate for quantiphi so just doing the quizzes . who needs the videos amirite
User 1: wtf . wow .  . i saw quantiphi on angellist
User 2: join ? :p
User 1: shutup 
User 2: no please don't after getting ppo from microsoft  . the "company" there is good  . isliye toh tumhara breakup hoga . future hi nahi hai saath mai . :p
User 1: lmao .  .
User 2: too close to home ?  .  . dude i feel you are this emoji . like nice cute fun going and all . but you've done something naughty and are hiding it . like in the morning after sutts when your mom said oh you smell so nicen . we know whag happened . you cant fool everyone
User 1:  . lmao . used to be my fav emoji at one point . but then more exciting ones came up . dude my parents are making me sing . and my mom now wants me to learn singing . cause i went to pee . and i was singing
User 2: just like your boys i understand . cool cool
User 1: this song
User 2: youre good man
User 1: and they got v happy . 
User 2: you don't give yourself enough credit fucking ever . shut the door next time . lol . jk . which one . plus you're too crazy about music . like irrespective of the language . you kill it at hindi and english ! . like wtff . you shouldn't be itna talented man
User 1: hehehehehe . tyy . my mom learns singing . she's too good
User 2: you sent me that video from alibaug omg yeah . like even now ?
User 1: like she started a few years back . she goes for classes twice a week . which vid . that was from home only . the guitar thingy ?
User 2: oh that is so good finding some passion so late . why is your fam so active argh . too good . only if i could meet them sigh . noo . arre at the table on the trip, when you were to baked .  .
User 1: ya man you should meet them . oh . that was too nice
User 2: since when do girls want their parents to meet their ex's ha ? . it's legit too melodious . closing your eyes and swaying kind :') . yes i'm kinda getting the new year wala bt . especially because everything is going to be very very different very very soon . yeah fuck .
User 1: ah . okay listen to me . you're coming to powai . suzette . i just had the best hot choc . in my life . w my dad rn . we're having it abhi
User 2: i love a good hot chocolate . i would love to have one with you . bandra . so we can go to chantilly too . yeah okay we have to meet before 8th . okay i kinda crying wala type miss you . pannacota ? . omg . why are you having such perfect things today
User 1: so yeah my dad and i kind of had some cannabutter
User 2:  . you get high like you're not going to stone in paris
User 1: i won't dude
User 2: especially the mid amsterdam trips hahahahahha
User 1: how will i . wait i'll reply properly in some time
User 2: trust me you'll find a way . yeah get back properly and call or text . home . i'm too jealous of the entire hiranandani area . driving through that was insane . and now all these lighting's uff
User 1: heheeheheheh
User 2: what was this . how's it going high babe . last hour of dating . kinda wanted to chill hehe
User 1: i'm high . video call ? ?
User 2: one min
User 1: holy fuck . i made a mistake . i started hearing the poem . the raven . which is a horror poem . and i legit felt proper fear . i had to close it . cause i was scared of being alone in my room
User 2: you listen to happy songs
User 1: yaa lmao
User 2: shouldn't have cut my call
User 1: listening to rishabh's playlist
User 2: cutie
User 1: the one for my bday
User 2: if i ever join sify please make me lit okay ?
User 1: dude for sure . bro . did you know . in this one frank ocean song . ivy . the lyrics are . "in the halls of your hotel"
User 2: ha
User 1: bro the eagles sues frank ocean . sued
User 2: for one line ?
User 1: yu . yu0z . yup
User 2: and you want to go for a walk
User 1: and frank ocean put a post on tumblr . "isn't this guy rich as fuck ? why sue the new guy ?" . phew
User 1: mad gossip . actually i'm good now . won't go . ty
User 2:  ? . cool . then . but wtf . one line causes too much bs uffg
User 1: thanks . for telling me not to go
User 2: haha why do you think it's a better decision now
User 1: idk feels correct . ya it'll be fun . but it's cozy at home
User 2:  you have issues my child . exactly man . plus cod
User 1: yup
User 2: mom came and asked what to make for breakfast because vidit is coming over no . cute
User 1: han
User 2: sounded more normal now
User 1: aw . ay . that's good
User 2: not really
User 1: at least things are neutralizing
User 2: suppressing needed conversations is what arusha does . not healthy . but anyway
User 1: ya ofc it's not healthy . but this is the next best situation
User 2: i recently read a post that you should disappoint your parents slowly over time or one big thing so that you're not scared to drink in front of them when you're 40 . didn't think much about it
User 1: oh . that's interesting
User 2: but shit that happened irl 
User 1: mine is the former
User 2: hey i guess if the mass population is doing it . then idm disappointing . no bro i've actually been too good
User 2: yols
User 1: ofcc
User 2: anyways . i'm on sify hehe . you've seen only naughty me what are you saying
User 1: username ? . bro . hope it's not indian sify . that doesn't have half the songs
User 2: where'd you download your app from them . it's indian i guess because at the start it gave options from punjabi songs and shit
User 1: apk
User 2: accha wait
User 1: yeah too much effort . need vpn to login
User 2: okay then tomorrow
User 1: and it logs you out once in a month
User 2: fuck since i used this emoji today it has come in my top
User 1: so only while logging in you need vpn
User 2: so can't stop using it . yes anushka i know how vpns work
User 1: i'm just telling man
User 2: yeah but you're not my girlfriend anymore so i don't have to take it
User 1: chal cod ?
User 2: aaja . thanks for not leaving me alone
User 1: hi hi . why . when . did . i leave you alone .  ? . anyway kiddo . i'm gonna sleep so that i have a decent morning lmao
User 2: i meant rn . but you sleeping . cutes
User 1: oh . no . wanna video call me and stone ? or wanna be alone ? . i thought you wanted to be alone . or you wanna text me a little
User 2: you need to have a decent morning because we know how you look otherwise
User 1: when you're 
User 2: not a pretty sight . you sleep baba
User 1: stfu and say what you want
User 2: you to sleep
User 1: shutup so many times you stay up for me
User 2: never
User 1: phone is on loud
User 2: okk
User 1: say . what . do . you . ant . want
User 2: keep this . and shut your eyes . and think about happy memories of . 2019 . and go to the dream world
User 1: omg wow
User 2: is what i want you to do
User 1: hehe . wow . okie
User 2: bfly .
User 1: take snaps of your eyes when baked ty
User 2: duh
User 1: cute
User 2: always to respond .
User 1: bfly .
User 2: now you know which bf .
User 1: now i know . ufh . ugh . i straight up don't understand how some people can be so so pretty wtf
User 2:  . who da
User 1: fav snap you sent . my friends ex
User 2: show
User 1: laterz . you have fun my doll . gn ly . tc . bye
User 2: ly2 .
User 1: i se . the .  .
User 2: okay the
User 1: fuck yes . need to hear you tell me thay tbh .
User 2: i can't be as hot and don't want to ruin the priest for you so no thanks
User 1: fine don't do .
User 2: okay i'm going to reply so that you sleep . ly don't hate me . saw fog after so long in front of my building . feels nice . cold also it was . winter has come . you sleep so much
User 1: wow . 
User 2: wow we ready to leave from my house
User 1: have fun kiddo
User 2: hello good morning actual ex
User 1: hello . gm . fuck i'm actually gonna have to be productive today .
User 2: what all are your plans loll . because if you don't have plans then no scene it's happening . idk why we booked a hotel room  . at the place rn  . bro we should have taken oyo . fuck . we have one room in the apartment . and it's huge plus there's a common area ! . argh
User 1: holy fuck . send snaps
User 2: and it was cheaper than ours
User 1: kmn
User 2: bro see the snap you'll die
User 1: seeing . woah wtf
User 2: there's a kitchen
User 1: okay stop
User 2: and no one has booked the other rooms .  . three bhk for us for 3k . hahahaha
User 1: wow . so perf . reminds me of pragati
User 2: don't go there . we had to fill in the purpose and vidit asked him what to write for "ghar par cigarettes allowed nahi hai" 
User 1: oh man . yeah sorry . omg  . hahahaha . too cool
User 2: you could come here if you want to stone tbh
User 1: omg no it's you and vidit time shush
User 2: he's already on tinder, with his profile boosted, for his night plans . i guess i'll get in tinder too then
User 1: omg wow  . so rishabh is making plans for coming to paris . and he wants to travel to other cities also . rishabh srivastava
User 2: o . oh wait . ew
User 1: lmao
User 2: yeah you meet him and start a bar 
User 1:  .
User 2: have fun showing him around 
User 1: he wants to go to amsterdam also . bro if it's not just the two of us idm at all . cause he already has friends there . bro i think rishabh genuinely likes me a lot :p
User 2: white hot looking friends that . you'll hang out with  . no that's rishabh
User 2: being him
User 1: cause i kind of had forgotten about this . but he had posted a pic w me on insta and i dont even talk to him
User 2: bro you haven't seen me be fake and make a person feel like ohmygod we have to hangout . pearl people ke saath  . i think i know  . yeah i saw it when i liked you and was stalking you
User 1: bro we all have to be that person some times . it's a nice pic
User 2: yeah wtf . you take such good pictures and the proper poses with all these boys only . uff you find someone else only man . i'm done with you . and here it looks like you're saying fuck off .  .  .
User 1: wow you look so nice na over here . it's your fault also . we have cute pics you dumb bitch . this was outside kc
User 2: and this was outside om xerox  . but someone doesn't post only so how will i see the cute pictures
User 1: i have put a pic w you
User 2: you're not replying only to the main messages man not fun
User 1: from barista . haan we got done at twelve am only . it straigjt up asked if me and an ape are the same . i wanna cry
User 2: hairy . tru .
User 1: k man
User 2: with one hundred other people . maybe you should treat me like rishabh treats you :p . good . sim . si .
User 1: wow you have posted zero w me . oh i was just reading about sims for pariss
User 2: ily . oh you mean mean
User 1: ly2, we legit look like we're married lmao
User 2: muscle days when i had a better cleavage than you
User 1: okay wow you're back to being mean
User 2: good for meals so no problem here . check my farewell one bitch . that is my favorite picture of us except the people in bg . we are genuinely smiling and laughing in that . and i look bomb . which network you going to buy
User 1: oh this one is so much cuter . i was seeing what's good in paris there's 3-4 so i guess i'll see at the airport only
User 2: one day some day if you pray hard enough :p . girlfriend nahi nahi . nahi hai . no obligations lel . ask terence duhh
User 1: i didn't say i liked it . haan makes sense . no
User 2: i didn't say i liked it either but do you hear me bitch about it bitch . okay sorry jk  . your boi clicked it hehe
User 1: yeah too much .  .
User 2: no i love going down on you . there said it  . cutiee . oh man . you've really grown up with him . these are some a1 memories . oh man you look the exact fucking same . come one come all for the holiday family vacation and return back with memories to write about . man you both do have really huge irises and it's too hot . isn't that everyone you kiss . hi no . dude so we were ordering and finaly we reached sbarro from burgers and shit . and k was going through the menu . and we weren't discussing . and i directly said bro you have to order the 18inch one because large pizzas look like heaven and taste of extra large  happiness . and he already had it in the cart !
User 1: okay marry him . you have to . omg yaa . adjn liked it 
User 2: his insta dp is with rush !
User 1: ya
User 2: what have you been up to man . just because i'm your ex you don't have to forget me
User 1: dude i keep sleeping off . idk why . how's it going w vidit . wyd
User 2: have you had a bath
User 1: yup . so i always take a bath before the lady that cleans the washrooms comes . so that way i have an upper bound 
User 2: same . fucjing only indian things
User 1: hahahahaha . lmao . legit .  .
User 2: although didn't you wake up at like eleven
User 1: dude i need to sleep at the right time at night at least once . i'm not planning on meeting anyone else until 8th . so technically i leave 7th night . but yeah . don't wanna socialize
User 2: we've already stoner more than our night . and i'm just taking the pizza upp
User 1: omg  . heheheh yum
User 2: so we not meeting ?
User 1: which is in your butt so it's too good that you're w vidit  . other than you . that's why i said anyone else . also stop looking nice . it's too mean
User 2: i'd rather be in your wet pussy
User 1: like i genuinely have ugly moments and you kind of just don't
User 2: huhh
User 1:  .
User 2: wtf . okay i'll send you ugly snaps too . well you know it's true . that's why i just like to go raw at it
User 1: ya pls thanks . okay you're that high . bro the way terence made this study guide is just mind blowihn . the attention to detail . vv unconventional but solid learning methods
User 2: i don't need to be intoxicated to show you how much i like to be with you .
User 1: okay ded
User 2: tell me
User 1: will tell on call
User 2: i mean it don't annoy like this i like like it na . so you started studying 
User 1: lmao . vv little . ya i'm fkd fld . fkd . but i feel like these people know how much i panic . cause after putting some stuff he legit says "no worries" . and then i breathe a little . it's like they're in my head . bro . when i was super baked yesterday . after i said bye bye to you . i sat and read about killer queen by queen
User 2: everyone knows . yeah because your messages are filled with worry . lol . ha
User 1:  . nothing i had a lot of fun cause i was baked
User 2: i thought you slept so i didn't call . if you were up because of you then should have texted after reading loll
User 1: i read it and slept . i barely know what i was doing . knew . dude i was the dangerous baked . the one where . you don't think you're baked . but once you're sober you look back and go, "fuck that was weird" . cause i felt normal baked
User 2: hahaha okay okay
User 1: but yeah i was def something
User 2: yeah thaj god you didn't go for that sutta
User 1: lmao
User 2: you could have been a public menace
User 1: i've gone when i was worse tho :p . no i wouldnt have peed anywhere
User 2: weird baked is diff .  . i was thinking cutting people's throats but okay
User 1: omg . wow . what do you think of me . oh bro come to suzette . oh just a question . when opening a bottle . with which hand do you hold the bottle . so that the other one is free to unscrew the cap ?
User 2: today won't be possible . but we'll make some plan . it's not just a question . what did you read online omg . im scared . right . left
User 1: hioh ofc not today . oh . no no just like that i'm asking lmao . i'm mad . ya same . hate you . okay why are the two of you more romantic
User 2: did you embarrass yourself again lol . i love this packaging wtff . you should have probably never dated sohan and i probably shouldn't have date dikshita and we would have been thoda perfect rn . so we decided to make our own teas and were thinking what all the ingredients together would taste like . soni ordered mine and he did his . he didn't tell me he ordered a third one with everything
User 1: no i was just wondering . yaa deff but i dont like chaayos
User 2: arre sorry i just expect you to do the stupidest shit . like light the cigarette on the wrong end . oh bro i'll explain you on call today why i wasn't excited excited to meet vidit . like it's a cute positive story hehe
User 1: saysay
User 2: left
User 1: yeah mine is right
User 2: but you're a rightyy
User 1: okay ded . yeah idk i've always been doing that . too romantic . why is he even going on a tinder date
User 2: yeah you should've have surprised me like the wine night more often . i like to be treated like a qween
User 1: wow . yeah me too
User 2: i'm no killer qween just a regular old one
User 1: lmaoo
User 2: idk but i toh have to get back home so . oh man . imy .
User 1: you should spend the night w him . at that hotel . smoke up all night . go to marine drive at twelve
User 2: yeah he won't pass out
User 1: yep . exactly . perf company
User 2: ew boldiya na non mumbai girl
User 1:  .
User 2:  . no i liked your company too . loved .
User 1: man it's fun
User 2: have to get backk
User 1: no . he's here from so far . fam will understand
User 2: when you've seen the place so often and so traffic-ed yeah you wouldn't wanna go . mom already called twice eventhough i told her i'll be there for dinner
User 1: say this
User 2: i'll tell you when i get backk
User 1: finee
User 2: arre it's fine i'll meet him soon enough lol . he always comes back .
User 1: haan okie
User 2: unlike you .
User 1: shush . how bkd are you
User 2: man not very . chai just woke me up from that state
User 1: shit . time to smoke more bitch
User 2: we ordered for 750ml of kadak chai 
User 1: wtf
User 2: we just finished our 5th j . two hundred and fifty per  . khamba . hahahaha . i'm going backk . tell me if you're free for cod or call when i reach
User 1: heres a song for you . youth by daughter . makes me cry dude . wtf . will do my love . wry now
User 2: on the way . twenty min
User 1: perf . thank you for this beautiful one . read about it abhi it's mind blowing
User 2:  ! . i'm so glad i can at least hope to touch your level and i'm not completely hopeless .  . do only elite ones reach the collection . heheh . i'm back
User 1: shush already . tell me more about vidit
User 2: the way you interpreted that poem what else am i supposed to sayy . you're too modest sometimes it's annoying . on call . oh man . guess what's made for dinner . argh
User 1: saysay
User 2: normally i would love it . pizza man 
User 1: oh shit  . bro but i really read this poem a few more times and fuck it really hit me . so i'm on a spre . reading only norman maccaig
User 2: did you read the meaning online too ?
User 1: na not yet
User 2: was it your first one ? . bro do . there are to many minute things you can't can't miss
User 1: so with poems i really like . i try on my own sometimes
User 2: and then don't want to know the actual thing ? . like your own interpretation is like the closest thing that makes you feel like oh fuck this is the interpretation for me
User 1: so i have an unbiased view . yaa . the moment i read something else . i can't see anything else . that's why you're not supposed to see the test set lmao
User 2: fair enough . like honestly fuck the poets . words are for you and words are supposed to flow through you the way you want  . lame . but brownie points for trying fosho
User 1: ya otherwise you're kind of boxed by the explanation you ready . i feel like so many poems have been ruined for me like that . so once i'm content i cant go any deeper, i go and read something . read . shush . def read the lyrics of this one . rishabh had told me this song and i remember crying so much . he kind of reminded me of this band again . when we met . now that i'm genuinely a bit more free . i kind of heard them a bit more
User 2: oh yeah fuck i forgot about it because i started driving
User 1: sokie take your time
User 2: yeah man i hate this fact that i've noticed over time about us . like my top favorite songs that youve made me heard (okay i do like majority and don't just understandvibe with vv few) are the ones about breakup  post breakup kind and just sad . she writes smoking to relieve stress as setting fires for fun . yeah i kinda melted into the song after that . yeah okay i'm going to download sify soon . i'm baked thoda rn hehe
User 1: are you talking about the 'setting fires to our insides' wala line ?
User 2: ha
User 1: yo i wanna stone again lmao
User 2: go sneak a piece of brownie . of butter . or have a lot of continue toh
User 1: nothing nothing i didn't take it that wayy
User 2: she says corrupted lungs . and you start all the drinking and smoking in excess after breakups . i mean i'm talking about the literal meaning
User 1: i took the two lines as mutually exclusive
User 2: o
User 1: i think i heard the song when i was a kid ma . na . never dated
User 2: oo . tell me your meaning
User 1: never smoked . never drank . never broke up . if you're still breathing you're the lucky ones, . isk . idk . that's how i perceived it in 11th . like, some of us have probably been scarred by love to see the good in it . (hence the corrupted lungs)
User 2: ohh . okay yeah i see it too . shiz you good good at this
User 1: setting fires to our insides for fun . the wrong kind of overthinking
User 2: oh man .
User 1: and somehow lovers always go wrong (hence the corrupted lungs)
User 2: okay fuck my things yours is so much better and mature . like we purposely think about all the bad shit and the fun part is like an oxymoron mocking kinda tone . uff
User 1: ya exactly
User 2: man you should be posting all this in reddit .
User 1: especially the way she sings it
User 2: you know it
User 1: makes it more oxymoron-like . she says it in a v exasperated way
User 2: didn't notice this but yeah the way you interpreted the lyrics is too stunning . ing
User 1: chal let me see if there is some subreddit . thankss yo . best compliment
User 2: if you were so good at all this indicating a clear level of maturity in highschool why did you spend all the time crying  . okay okay sick joke sorry . but man, too good the way you perceive everything .
User 1: that's why the crying na . cause i felt pretty lonely
User 2: oh man . sorrs
User 1: man i was too busy doing this ysis shit and writing poems . it's not that valued then, everybody was measuring each other by pace ranks
User 2: a good long lesson you learned and you get to look back at it now when you're happy and you should be happy to have come so far . 
User 1: legit 
User 2: yeah high school was terrible for me to . oh man these school people are making too many plans for tonight . 
User 1: omg
User 2: then some are going for a walk to narimna point
User 1: go na . parents will allow . if it's school friends
User 2: and i'm lying down in the hall because walk to the room seems too far . they aren't even home
User 1: oh damn . yeah i can imagine . that's why i slept soo much . needed recovery from the mad crossfading sesh followed by mad fucking and  sesh . phew i like  w you
User 2: yeah i don't think my  has ever told me (post leaving you) that bhai aaj haath mat lagana baas akela chod de, since the puberty phase got over . ya this is a big ass compliment . oh only  cool .
User 1: fuck yes . 
User 2: but but, there is something too comforting about  w you too .
User 1: shutup
User 2: like thanks for creating that space .
User 1: omg shush it's just as much you as me . it takes two to tango 
User 2: man i wanted to reply this with a meme . the abhishek upmanyu one . that baas yeh yaade hi toh yaad ayegi . argh
User 1: lmao
User 2: and fuck like rabbits like we did .
User 1: brabbit
User 2: do you like standup or are you too serious and mature in life for that  . das me .
User 1: the hint is in the gaming name, should've known all along . gamer . stfu  . my cousins and i on the drive back . were listening to a standup
User 2: oh man . yeah maybe you should have just jumped on me before and then blamed it on alcohol and then i would have made you fall for me wayy earlier hehe . hahhahaha i love doing this . when i was texting you during christmas on the drive we were doing this only hehe . but do you prefer english or hindi
User 1: both dude . but hindi is funnier sometimes i think . cause of the swear words . and connotations to some vvg indian household thingies or things vv apt about our culture
User 2: yeah i was really really hoping you would say that ah . especially after growing up when they talk about  . i saw this one . college ke start mai mene  phuka, aur suddenly phir semester khatam hogayar . in a funnier way ofc . but fuck so tru  . we sluts for the thc . you for the d too but thc mainlyly
User 1: ya i think i've seen this one . thc more for sure . you look too hot when you stone uff
User 2: oh yeah ? you should have seen my stoner girlfriend from manipal . oho yeah you would have vibed with her . like we aren't dating right now but back then aiyo she used to get me on my toes .  .
User 1: who dis
User 2: i've had only two girlfriends from manipal .
User 1: ohh why'd you break up w the 2nd one ? . jenit are you sleeping . wtf . no way . and your phone ka sim is fkd . ughh . hate you . ughh
User 2: omg so that happened . im so sorry . i'll sleep again now and reply in the morning tho . ly  . okay so my last night was like your weird high . i thought i wasn't as high as i was clearly lol . and this  makes everyone sleepy . even vidit slept off when i left and skipped his tinder . why do you assume i broke up with her ? it was pretty picture fucking perfect . but oh well god gives you such immense happiness only at the wrong times so that even he can have a laugh .
User 1: omg lmao . 
User 2: i think starting a relationship when both are just leaving to go to new cities is as cruel as love gets .
User 1: hehehe . gm
User 2: i hope love wins in this one but we'll have to see how it all turns out eventually when i meet her next . she might visit me .
User 1: hehehe too heavy for me i legit just woke up . 
User 2: hoping the connection persists . or not if it's not meant to . but i'm am optimist so oh well . okay okay done . i'm so sorry about last night  . did you get highh . arre so i was tripping on music and going through the page on insta and they had to many cute videos from the holidays and i was just too happy
User 1: no no
User 2: so i did see this message . and i was going to reply
User 1: i do this all the time dw 
User 2: after insta . but i want to talk to you all the time before we stop experiencing time the same way
User 1: omg . okay shush shush
User 2: yeah no i'm in the end game now . the part where my emotions go berserk and some of time comes out for others to see .
User 1: phew . i'm lowkey feeling numb . i kinda don't wanna leave . but i recently saw this post on insta
User 2: show . how do you not wanna leave if you feeling numb
User 1: felt a little too real
User 2: oo . yeah i like it
User 1: idk i saw it last night and it hit a little too hard
User 2: but but yeah this a different situation with external factors so
User 1: i went for a smoke last night spoke to tib for quite some time
User 2: awie i saw the snap . give me the real topic convos hehe
User 1: frank ocean . i updated him about whatever is happening abhi and new years and the drunk night w the girls . he told me about vietnam . and we spoke about my cousins . chill stuff . letter to a younger self
User 2: bro i love how it ends it so coolly hahaha . fuck that's such a nice way to write to yourself . i like his story
User 1: ya he's legit written it like he's speaking to a friend
User 2: i'm going to add him on my yt music
User 1: the ending though, fuck .
User 2: so i can get his recommendations
User 1: ay done done
User 2: hainaa haha . cutes
User 1: you have a v human recommendation system right here as well . fuck my mom woke me up and told me i have to do too much stuff today . her business stuff
User 2: but she'll be 4 .5 hours behind me . i'm looking for sometime real time :p
User 1:  . k bitch
User 2:  . what all . and i'm sorry we barely spoke yesterday !
User 1: tailor work . courier work
User 2: how was your productive day bbg
User 1: you're too nice . and i've to study . and at night cousin sis is comint . so we  . and going to suzette . full fam
User 2: from a perfectly tailored course jeez stop flexing . hehehhe
User 1: shush
User 2: o . mann . last few sess
User 1: i should've started earlier i'm such a dumbfuck . stop talking like this .
User 2: but without pressure you gonna cod we all know . yes i become a bt towards the end . you take the whole package or you don't . you was warned before homie
User 1: phew . shutup man we all got abfew weaknesses
User 2: relieved you leaving now ?  . but we both know you cover up well enough soo . but yeah this time i don't think you'll have time  . it's okay you doo
User 1: yup . jkjk man
User 2: even i'll study today with you . ya good me too then .
User 1: :( . yeah i'll study till four then i'll go do ma's work . be back by five hopefully . make some coffee and study again . fuck . i have to write my brother's manual . i'll do that now for some time
User 2: arreyou can't tell him your shit is also catching up ?  . okay no he's in 12th that's more important oops . hey hey before all do you wanna open your mind up for the day with some cod 
User 1: yeah . i played cod w him last night so
User 2: fine jeez . send one at a time closeup no . who took the picture
User 1: me
User 2: but i think the left one because of tinge of green . after mom's work you have to do my work which is to remove the fucking nail polish . it's from the last decade ew
User 1: okay na  . 
User 2: okay this i think . for what tho
User 1: i just wanna accessorize more lmao . so mom is giving me one of her rings
User 2: well get a necklace too . and omg why do all girls become more girly and better after breaking up with me . ahh
User 1: omg wtf 
User 2: which one you going for
User 1: what you said
User 2: oh oh wo . too much trust you have in me or what . i wonder why
User 1: uf . drama . yaa i wanna look cute man . i always appreciate it when other girls do it . i'll also try
User 2: you don't have to try per say . because i can just see it looking so good omg . come to palladium we'll go to tiffany's . hey i don't have the pressure of selecting a ring for you okay tits too much . it's . but yeah your tits too much too loll . are you writing the manual hehe
User 1: lyy . no i was just writing the mail that i'm sending to nelly
User 2: :')))))
User 1: uf again drama
User 2: omg new fine i won't be me . i'll be the macho menly man you used to .
User 1: shutup yaar . i'm saying . if not you . then abhi . who will pick my ring . ya done w the mail
User 2: yep calling me the only option is so much more romantic hahaha . how old is nelly ? ?
User 1: lmaoo that came off too badly . okay sorry . i'm not really typing properly . or i'm being weird . idk
User 2: relax . moving on
User 1: idk exact but she's a mom
User 2: ooh
User 1: and old mom . but not too old . i really can't tell
User 2:  . does the kid live there too ?
User 1: nope . that's why old mom . lmao . sorry .
User 2: oh that old . o . okay okay
User 1: fuck dude parv reached la . fuck
User 2: yeah i replied to his story in the morning
User 1: dude he handles this shit way better than me idek
User 2: are you sure 
User 1: idk . he never gets scared of all this
User 2: weve seen him not being able to handle anything
User 1: ya
User 2: what's there to be scared about . it's a clean slate . a new start . new beginning for you to be one step better than previous you . only bt is leaving the past people but that's a part of growing up . new places  new people which is always fun . don't be an antisocial ho after going there at the start . explore
User 1: i already made plans for 11th . 
User 2: yeah but i'm glad i have rush with me . i got our bar hit list sorted hehe . o . after office ? ? . withm
User 1: jelly af . 11th is a saturday i think . w a friend of a friend
User 2: oh yeah she replied
User 1: she said she'll help me get comfy w paris
User 2:  ! !
User 1: yaa dude
User 2: okay this sounds too bougee . yayy . five days to goo make plans with office people fast okay . and take the initiative !
User 1: lmao . yeaah i dont think i'm too bad in social situations . like i can be fun . and talk . and i love getting to know people
User 2: yeah yeah but you are shy too . not shy, too cautious of guess . but yeah you know how to handle it
User 1: oh bro no . not anymore . like i was chill w your friends . i was chill at the party on26th when it was a room full of people i dont talk to
User 2: okay okay then . you paris ready ready . def . when i made vidit hear sunflower he's like anushka hi sunayi na . i was like duh . she lit lit for a reason . i'm glad anushka . only difference is no intoxication involved . so store all the thc in fats before goinng . 
User 1: aw . oh i'll find a way dude i have to . bro i've legit noticed . people that stay abroad . are so much more open . to helping people out . and talking
User 2: that's tru . foreign culture really does trim the sharp edges off . okay i'm jealous . argh pariss . i can't wait to see how you grow through it all . fuck we going to have some insane journey too soon . roller coasterr . haha i was joking . ofc you'll still be able to do everything . plus bro all these foreigners love to talk . you might have some competition in that dept
User 1:  ! . lmao ya 
User 2: how much more do you want to improve in this dept lol
User 1: you flatter mee
User 2: i don't think you can get any flatter tbh .
User 1: bro wtf 
User 2: oops . behen sach hai woh
User 1: hehehehe . nikal
User 2: yeah man we such a couple . couple of siblingss . 
User 1: ya i was just about to say this omg . will do next time def . you have a weird choice of gifs
User 2: okay so i won't be myself myself till i'm in bangalore . not joking . i really get weird in end moments and since i knew you would be in mumbai i wasn't exactly . and we took the same flight too so well . but since it's going to be a long time till i see you next and we going to be evolved i'm getting panicky inside thinking about it and all of it just coming pouring out . i'm sorry for such messages so early in the morning . but ah . i ded inside .
User 1: omgg . ah i totally understand . idk what's wrong w me i'm gonna miss you and home so much but i'm just not letting it affect me . yeah i generally create these walls when i feel like i can be hurt . idk . it's kind of a  thing i do . i start becoming a little distant but ofc that's one thing i've tried to change for so so long . and i've gotten better def . i'm sorry i'm a  sometimes .
User 2: no no self protection is the first defense mechanism of any living thing . don't blame biology . and i don't feel offended by it either because i know how it goes . yeah don't distant okay i'll die
User 1: yeah i gues
User 2: no you're not . you let me fuck you all the time so i'm happy . 
User 1:  . you're legit too che . 
User 2: but yeah on a serious note i'm glad we at least confessed everything and know everything .
User 1: hehe ya def . genuinely v cute . the whole ny kiss as a couple lmao . vv romantic
User 2: man i like to feel vulnerable sometimes with people like you . idk what's wrong with me . yeah like i'm going to have so many drunken nights this decade and still won't be able to forget how i got into this decade . fuck i'm too lucky to have been with you . okay i'm not going to write this emo stuff . i'm just going to take a shower and remove my emotions there by subtly crying softer than the shower volume lol
User 1: it's dangerous to be in the balnkie . i passed out . me too . hehehehe samee . okay don't fkn cry . pls . i'll die . is this me w my weirdness
User 1: dude legit . and rio also came . and slept w me
User 2: that me when you show love . you spoil everyone around you . you made me also sleep next to you when you passed out that day . what is this sorcery . so turns out that all my ids are in order and like will get made eventually and the main, aadhar, yeah my parents just didn't bother getting that done . i thought at least that they would have, and my mom is like oh you should have told me, like wtf . you saw me bust my ass everyday get all the ids that time you didn't think that oh maybe i should at least get something done . and then she's like i didn't know if you lost the original or a duplicate . yeah bro i feel however positive i become in life i will just never gel with my parents and im not even going to try to be chill w them . having that kind of relationship with them, i've realised, is impossible
User 1: eep sorry . omg .
User 2: yeah well i was comfy .
User 1: okay fuck . i'm so sorry dude .
User 2: yeah now i have to run errands for a fucking aadhar when i'm supposed to prep for my new life and job . and then my mom is like postpone shopping so that even she can come . fucking my ass . my family is really nice dude . just can't gel
User 1: yeah i can understand that
User 2: i guess i have to get to my errands  . what all have you done till now lol
User 1: nothing . legit
User 2: i'm glad i text you
User 2: you always make me feel so positive
User 1: ugh
User 2: weren't you going to study till four 
User 1: man i feel sleepy all the fkn time . idek what to do
User 2: hehehehe . what time did you sleep last night tho
User 1: 3:30
User 2: hot . yeah no wonder you're not functioning hahahaha . perfect time for you to sleep so that you don't have to adjust to paris time and can sleep early there everydayy
User 1: ugghh
User 2: paris aim to never sleep post 12 . that health 
User 1: ugh . okay now i feel a little guilty . i'll write my brother's manual for some time . because i'm sleepy rn . and if i try to study i'll pakka sleep
User 2: didn't you write it in the morning 
User 1: then maybe eat lunch . go do work .  . get back . drink coffee and study like yetserday . cousins sis will be home by 8:30
User 2: how are you always omg . wish there was a secret blanket room for us  .
User 1: perf . oh btw no suzette
User 2: shy . why
User 1: dude idk man it's a problem
User 2: omg how much do you do in my absence
User 1: tomorrow is suzette . i feel sleepy all the fkn time . idek . lile . i can sleep through anything
User 2: with ? . hahahhah that's the college anushka talking . where the corporate one at
User 1: fam only . she can also do that
User 2: oh i was hoping to chill with you tomorrow and go to suzette 
User 1: oh man
User 1: okay . oh bro . i'm going to lonavala also in the morning for my dad
User 2: tomorrow ? ? . for your dad ?
User 1: yaa
User 2: oh man if i knew that i would have met you today 
User 1: what about sunday ?
User 2: what time . pepper spray at least one dude please . or chick . and check till what time is it fine to be drunk and going homee . even if it's the wrong person and you have to apologise . and don't get deported . to the property ?
User 1: ah . omg hahahaa . i'll try  . ya . so my dad is ofc vv scared right . and he's been fixating about the sim card that i'll use . and i've been telling him i'll get one there that's what everyone does . but he keeps panicking about it . so i found a sim card that i can buy abhi and pick up . so that he also is at peace
User 2: which company and from wheree . ya hahah
User 1: something called uniconnect . it has good reviews
User 2: for vacations not proper living . you'll have too see all the plans properly no . perf . i asked the dude to update my picture on the aadhar and he said whatever you take now is only going to be on your card . he was implying the pimple looks too ug 
User 1: ya dude but legit everyone goes there and gets . it's cheaper to get it there
User 2: oo
User 1: and almost every sim has a plan validity anyway . even this one is thirty days
User 2: so just get the card with minimum balance and get the plan there
User 1: so if it sucks . i'll just shift to some local sim
User 2: perfect . look at matrix ka reviews
User 1: it's a uk number . ya my dad uses matrix only
User 2: wtf
User 1: yaa but it's valid in most eu countries . it's a europe sum . sim . so i can use it in not just france
User 2: oh
User 1: but matrix is too expensive . especially for long term
User 2: bro comms are expensive everywhere but india ! . to steep
User 1: my thirsty ass checked if it's valid in netherlands
User 2: but yeah this sounds cool . ofc you did 
User 1: so this sim is one thousand, five hundred a month
User 2: sounds reasonable tbh . anushka . yeah while trying to hide my lip i fucked up my facial expression and hair was already fucked up and the dude saved the picture . i look like a patient checking in in a rehab
User 1: ya that's why i'm taking it  . 
User 2: like i was saying
User 1: ya what's up ? . dude . omw to the place . to buy the sim
User 2: oh nice . i'm about to light up a spliff
User 1: ay . video call .  ?
User 2: i was saying
User 1: haan
User 2: if you truly like like me then i deserve to see your aadhar
User 1: omg
User 2: i'm pooping too 
User 1: wow . what a combination . 1010 . bro this driver has been pissed at me for no reason . love a boy that stones phew . this has to be a filter now . can't be w someone that doesn't stonr . wryy
User 2: hahahha you should drive no . idk why you take uber so often . or has mum taken the car for her festt . hahahaha you have the creativity next time you meet tib, stone out of your mind and design this for everyone please . maybe that's why we left our partners hm
User 1: no my dad said take an uber cause it'll be difficult to park . idk man
User 2: bathroom . oh yeah . mumbai has become bad . but remember, there's always  a place to park
User 1: like i was gonna take the metro . but it said 1h15 minutes . bro i meant filter when it comes to choosing a boy okay you're high  . but yes, that too
User 2: okay i'm thinking at that level  . fuck embarrassing . but yeah at least your boy is smart af . but what did the driver do
User 1: lmao no
User 2: and which area are you in
User 1: andheri
User 2: my girl says lmao a lot so well nothing great there either
User 1: nothing dude just the vibe
User 2: for how much time  ?
User 1: another ten i'll reach . i'm so sleepy . so so sleepy . and my head is pounding . i need an espresso shot . hows your high yo . even i'm  aaj raat . bro i almost slept off . wrf . rhis is dangwroud
User 2: i said for how much time will you be there . yeah because slept all the time and didn't take your caffeine medication . mikd . i was thinking which kind of high would it be . studying or cod kind . :'))))
User 1: :(
User 2:  don't do in uber . how sleepy are you
User 1: phew . just spoke to the lady . gave my passport stuff . should get the sim in another 3-4 mins . ya i slept for a minute
User 2: oh nevermind then . byvulla and andheri have a direct stop so well
User 1: omg hahahahaha . but my mom is pissed off at me
User 2: atb for paris . why
User 2: you didn't do her stuff lol
User 1: her work has to be done na
User 2: courier thing toh doo
User 1: but my dad told me not to leave this for monday . bro .
User 2: so you're not getting it done today  ?
User 1: i'll do it after this
User 2: where's that . and where's the trailer . tailor . ah i want to meet you
User 1: powai
User 2: going further away is not helping uff
User 1: bro wtf . what am i supposed to do
User 2: meet me on sunday
User 1: this place closes at six
User 1: that place doesn't .
User 2: courier ?
User 1: yo my mom def needs someone to help w the business . no sim card
User 2: oh yeah then perf order mai you're doing it
User 1: ya but she gets pissed . but i called her up and explained abhi . hopefully it's fine
User 2: it's her first time with the fest next time she'll be better . 
User 1: no . bro this business has been going on for some time . and this stuff that i'm couriering is not even for the fest . it's some international courier
User 2: o
User 1: but finally she's admitting she needs help . so for another exhibition . she's hiring someone
User 2: oh perfect . expansion is the way to go . nice you're the free help
User 1: no way, not for here . herr . i don't think she'll be able to handle someone else handling things . micromanaging max
User 2:  . let's see how it unrolls ni . till then you be the slave
User 1: but tbh it's working for her :p
User 2: even i have need for one
User 1: like holy fuck
User 2: that's why she won't change
User 1: i don't think she realises how much shes making
User 2: kalaghoda ! . she does 
User 1: no . she said yesterday went bad . the first day of an exhibition . and she asked us to count everything . cash and card swipes . bro i got a heart attack
User 2: ha . hahahahhaa . tell
User 1: 1 .2 l . first day
User 2: oh wtf . how's that bad
User 1: after we counted . i asked her . why she thinks it's bad . she's like she didn't know exactly how much
User 2: then she got happy ?
User 1: ya ofcc . but she was tired alsp
User 2: oh thank god . aww that's so good . hard day's earnings perf
User 1: dude people in mumbai are rich . like . they pick up such expensive stuff
User 2: what's the range your mom is selling in ? . duh . this ain't no calcutta 
User 1: she sells some really expensive pieces (50-60k) and some kid range (10-20k) and low range kurtis and lis and stuff (2-3k) . mid
User 2: oh then ofc . wow that's pretty fucking cool . man . maybe i should drop by the fest
User 1: bro i get scared touching the saree
User 2: too close anyway . but you're the model  ! . that picture hahahahhaa
User 1: like . i have to courier this stuff . and i'm so scared . thay . someone will rob me . okay shutup
User 2: how much shit are you carrying around with you or is it at home only
User 1: dude
User 2: you were looking hot af so not really an insult
User 1: dhruv wants to met . bro
User 1: idk how to socialize
User 2: i didn't get a message
User 1: oh sorry you're baked
User 2: go mett . so
User 1: lets talk . about . high worthy dtuff
User 2: no man . you talk . meet dhruv powai side only lol . so you can bounce when your battery is out lel
User 1: lmao
User 2: did you open my snap late because you were in public and didnt know if it was nsfw or not hahah . okay i'm going to read for a bitt
User 1: no no . i forgot to open . got the sim yo . 
User 2: send me the number first
User 1: wait i haven't even seen the number yet . but i think it starts w 7 . and that's scary
User 2:  . aww . big girl with multiple numbers . "oh please just take down my european union number if you'd like to get in touch with me"
User 1: i just quickly added it . adds to one i think
User 2: hahaha love it
User 1: lmao . 
User 2: oh man
User 1: but my math sucks
User 2: what was your number that you like to get all the time
User 1: one only
User 2: uff . trippy girl you are . bro . yeah i'm tripping . like i was legit good . but after reading this one page . i ded
User 1: phew .  ! . omg what is this pls share
User 2: these three paras . okay don't read now
User 1: oh ive read this
User 2: nevermind . but fuck . 
User 1: my dad and i discussed this . once when we were high
User 2:  ! !
User 1: yaa
User 2: okay we are too same .
User 1: hehehe . also . spoke to my mom
User 2: what's up
User 1: yeah . she finally was understanding :p
User 2: cute
User 1: i told her this sim card thing was a time crunch thing
User 2: saved
User 1: and the next day i'd get to do it was monday which is late
User 2: ha you told me
User 1: could've done tomorrow but i have to go to lonavala . dude
User 2: don't you want to go
User 1: i legit feel my dad is too paranoid  . to . like ofc that's not bad at all . so i simply enabled international usage on my debit card
User 2: arre you're going to be living there might as well get everyone on board . ha
User 1: spoke to axis bank they said all good no worries you can use there . and i got some cash . but . my dad got me an amex dependent credit card . and . he ordered for a standard chartered card also . bro . idek 
User 1: maybe this is some adulting i dont underestand . and this card is late
User 2: please drunk use it . no no
User 1: so he panicked and called them . telling them i have to leave soon
User 2: you need only two max
User 1: and my dad is some privilege member so . they were vv apologetic . so . they gave him a lounge card
User 2: oh man
User 1: that i can use
User 1: at any airport in the world 
User 2: wtf . oh man . wow
User 1: so he told me, at mumbai airport i can drink some fancy stuff . and eat good stuff
User 2: gvk . uff
User 1: at kuwait airport i can have some sick coffee . arabic coffee
User 2: too rich for me you are sorry
User 1: so that's how he woke me up today . in return i take him to lonavala 
User 2: hahahaha fair enough
User 1: bro one weird fam i have man 
User 2: but you want to go too right
User 1: no
User 2: best case scenario . arre then just talk to him be like last few days kinda thing unless he's very persistent no
User 1: according to him we'll be back before lunch . let's see . if that's there, then all good . dude
User 2: yeah shouldn't get traffic
User 1: dude
User 2: bolna
User 1: have you heard no idea ? . don tolliver ? . it's a meme song . such travis vibes
User 2: haha yeah i have ! . i just saw the video . after looking at the video for sure man
User 1: legit guilty pleasure . for me that autotune was enough 
User 2:  i think i don't even know what so many dinners would sounds like with it . singers
User 1: lmao . what about the other meme song
User 2: it's such a misuse if tech
User 1: roxanne . 
User 2: this is like my posty . yeah man 70-90s bands really got through only talent . i don't appreciate proper electronic music much
User 1: hehehhehe tru
User 2: like . machine . dafuq ? !
User 1:  . but sometimes . they're fun to dance to  . like oh god butterfly effect
User 2: yeah man i meant talent wise
User 1: yaa ofc
User 2: even i trip to so many of the current dudes . guilty as charged
User 1: yaa ofcofc . hehehehhee . oh there's an album w that name . i think
User 2: the mobie
User 1: wait . oh no . the album name is . guilt by association  . three words . guilt is also common
User 2: even the same weird was wrong pos
User 1: not too bad
User 2: word
User 1: two letters in the 2nd word
User 2: wrong pos . zero for nlp . you know what a big turn off that was for ne . like arghh
User 1: idc
User 2: should i even bother continue talking to you .
User 1: easy to turn you back on
User 2: ya you'll send one ugly snap of your face and i'll pretend it's hot
User 1: yeah it's a turn off for me that you don't know the concretes .  . hahahhahaha good one
User 2: thank god you're taking the truth as a joke . really smooths out the delivery of a message . wait man let me see . it's hard to keep up
User 1: turned . off . already . oops .
User 2: they have two hundred and seventy-three followers in youtube . wtf . more people liked me taking a bongshot on reddit
User 1: yeah but they're cute . yeah tell them to fuck you . ugh sify not working
User 2: why will i need random internet people on reddit with no face when i can get random internet people on bangalore tinder with a face . you should really shift to youtube music . the recommendations are mind blowing .
User 1: i'm just saying, you're the one thay brought up reddit . should've brought up tinder
User 2: like i have gotten so many songs that i used to like before and didn't even know the name because ofc it me
User 1: oh wait . you didn't really go on any good dates . until me ofc . yo i love sify suggestions . you attack sify, you attack me . listening to rishabh's playlistt now
User 2: hahahha you're comparing manipal tinder to bangalore tinder . vidit has asked me not to worry about that part at all :p . i do . i like to hurt both if you . share sonn
User 1: oh accha so that's what you and vidit were talking about it . no no you suck google's cock
User 2: oh you don't want to know . we discussed about the marks i have on me too and regarding the person who have them to me but cool .
User 1: ughh .
User 2: i just like the receiving part thanks for asking . yeah fine no music for me i get it
User 1: okay cutie . listen to back for good . by them . legit makes my heart melt . plspls
User 2: imy2 jenit aww . ok . hehe i love the soft continuous cymbal in the background
User 1: heres a song for you . how was your day ? by mellow fellow
User 2: and yet again another "want an ex back" song you've suggested that i've liked
User 1: bro it's so cute tho . have you heard of clairo
User 2: kinda sounded needed . nope . who dat
User 1: yaa but sometimes we can be in that state naa
User 2: are so i'm not judging no . tell me
User 1: she started off w making really cute random music videos on youtube . webcam videos . w stupid effects . no makeup nothing . and she'd sing her songs . i think i've showed it to you ?
User 2: oh wait i think you've tokd me this in pp . jinxx
User 1: so this has her . hehehehe . new fav song i think
User 2: yeah yt shows it unlike sify
User 1: huh . it says clairo . that's how i knew it's her
User 2: i don't like songs where the lyrics are in the bg ya
User 1: aw . issokie
User 2: arre youtube shows her name also not only mellow fellow . sify sucks like you suck .
User 1: bro it shows on sify also
User 2: it all just sucks
User 1: read upar
User 2: clearly
User 1: ugh .
User 2: oh wait my high eyes skipped thay . okay then i take it back
User 1: :(
User 2: bfly . i find opportunities to make fun of you
User 1: fo .
User 2: man after hanging out with all my friends circles you'll understand why . but just know that making fun  love . you need to stop doing it all the time man . painting your face . okay but cute position
User 1: ya na . so comfy
User 2: man i want a dog  arghh . i'm getting a dog with my first born . together together
User 1: oh you know . rio shat on me . he was sick
User 2: when
User 1: and we took him to the vet
User 2: aiyo
User 1: he had an injection near his bun . bum" . and in the car
User 2:  .
User 1: i could smell something . long back
User 2: accha
User 1: but i just thought rio farted . it was too dark . and my mom and i are laughing at the idea of rio farting . and then i got out from the car
User 2: but
User 1: touched my pants cause they felt wet . bro i died . it was liquidy shit
User 1: and my entire pants were covered in iy . it . i diedd
User 2: diarrhea on you
User 1: ya man
User 2: oh man that's not such a great dog story
User 1: i came back home covered in shit . dude i got naked at the door only
User 2: why you gotta say it after i say i want dogs and you send a cute picture . i love when you do that at the door only
User 1: told my bro and dad to look away
User 2: but yeah traumatic af for everyone there
User 1:  . this other time . he puked everywhere in my room . yeah he was way younger when all this happened . bro i don't think nelly is v tech savvy  . dude she sms'd me . i gave her my number to whatsapp
User 2: you giving excuses for your kid messing up . oh you mommy ready . good quality inn a partner and attractive hm . :p . 
User 2: it's okay she's old no
User 1: yaa
User 2: you send her a whatsapp now . you have the number
User 1: ya sent
User 2: i want to se how old she is lol
User 1: wait
User 2: she's was the person who invented gun powder . 
User 1: wtf 
User 2: okay she old . how far away are you from home . i want to sleep for a bit . you shouldn't is my point . you tend to do it everywhere
User 1: aw my cutie . no no i'm not that sleepy abhi . typing helps . but i'll reach in thirty
User 2: and i'm still turned off from our previous previous conversation . so show me that face
User 1: i look bad . 
User 2: yes reply to parv i'm sure he's texting his hoe . okay then .
User 1: sent . he told me he's scared of downtown la . don't leave yet . say bye properly at least . meano . too much traffic wtf
User 2: too . pretty . yeah you need to read up stuff before going to new places . i don't like good boyes . so i like to continue conversations to the next time . lol i rarely even say gn and all . with you i do properly because you have a habit . how's your work thing going
User 1: good one . so i was getting late so my mom called up and told me not to do itt my dad was free so he did it . yeah she wasn't mad at all . thankfully
User 2: arre she understands no . and if you haven't fucked up as bad as i have, this is the time of the vacation we get treated like qweens (killer ones in some cases) because we are so close to leavingg
User 1: lmaaoo
User 2: have you been studying since you got back naughty girl ?
User 1: yaa a bit finally
User 2: snakes are fun but can't fuck em . argh . okay tell me about the study course . because at night if we get to talk you're going to be too high to talk about studies andd shit heeh . hehe
User 1: so i did a little bit of time series ysis stuff . yeah but i have a lot left innthat . i read about different data science workflows
User 2: tell me how has it been curated perfectly noo
User 1: on cal
User 2: aiyo
User 1: hard for me to type
User 2: okay too mcuh tio type
User 1: so there's two files . one for market finance . one for data science
User 2: no its okay explain on call hahah
User 1: the data science one starts w uber's implementation of their ml platform
User 2: studyy before your sister comes heheheh
User 1: ya . rn i'm doing the market finance one
User 2: okay okay even im studyinh hehe
User 1: they deal w something called options . not stocks
User 2: o . dude completely new field you'll get to learn . oh too interesting . fin techs on resumes are too good
User 1: oh dude . i forgot to tell you . i popped an edible around an hour back
User 2: yeah you forget to say all the main things only . wondered what ldr would be with you . thanks for clearing that part out . hhahahaah why didn't you wait to stone properlyy . or is everyone doing edibles only ? because doubt it
User 1:  . idk dad gave mee . na only my dad and i did abhi
User 2: guess why we aint dating bitch
User 1: oh bro . this shit is too interesting
User 2: okay your dad is too naughty . o
User 1: lmao
User 2: isn't learning and reading about new shit too fucking cool
User 1: we'll smoke also later on i know
User 2: oh im sure ahahhaha . i cant wait to see those eyes . hahahaha . dude you cant even hide your high eyes they are that intensee . and then ypur ultra smart mode will be on again . ah man i want cool parents likes yourss . oh even i'm excited about your sess todayy . why isn't your cousin brother joining
User 1: omg hahahahhaa ty ty you're cute . he's not in mumbai
User 2: aisho . send him snaps so that he knows what he's missing and feels inlcudedd
User 1: ofcc
User 2: guess whom sutta is calling
User 1: ay
User 2: i know you're going to take your sister after the sess is over 
User 1: lmao . i doubt
User 2: doubtt it . why tho . or else you'll go alone lol whatelse . has it hit hehe . ofc it has
User 1: just 
User 2: oh man . so that time is starting . uf . oh i can feel you being too high and talking too loudly with good music going around . i'm at a muslims place and chicken is about to be served :')))
User 1: hahaha . no music . only conversations
User 2: bro omg . i have to tell you about my friends place omg . oh man uncle forced us to have coffee . so j thought normal coffee . the helper got a huge set of different coffees with all the strength and flavor description and everything ! oh man i could get used to it . ya imy . you deleted this message
User 1: hello . im . here
User 2: ya . wtf . happened . yesterday
User 1: idk . i died
User 2: tell me lol . you passed ou ? . you on the way to lonavala ?
User 1: not yet :( . ya
User 2: you're not coming back before lunch . so much happened last night omg . yeah parents found the  we were smoking too  . they really snooped around the room . when j wasnt there . but yeah i handled it and lied till the end . even they were lying so it all went vv wel . and i missed you too much last night
User 1: ofc
User 2: playing more cod ? i'm online
User 1: haan i'm inviting . quick . quick . quick
User 2: send . yours is showing in game
User 1: you're not accepting . my brother is sending . i'm going . play w my sibligs
User 2: who was the second one . i saw you leave i panicked and left too . what you upto bbg
User 1: hii .  . cousin sis
User 2: hi . oh oh okay
User 1: we reached here
User 2: reached
User 1: but the dude is not there
User 2: accha noice . 
User 1: so my dad had a sugarcane juice
User 2: how cold is it . go-to drink foreva
User 1: ya i told him you like it hege
User 2: wth why would you tell him
User 1: just . why . we were speaking about my friends and all in general . i said you and tib like this
User 2: cool jenit the friend . but true . bro . we have to talk on call today . i have to tell you too much
User 1: what happened last night .  ?
User 2: the confrontation .
User 1: family ? . oh wait . the  . sorry i didn't reply properly  . but ya . is everything okay now ? . what's the scene ?
User 2: arre you relax i know you're busy . we'll talk about it later
User 1: no no . now i'm in the back of the car
User 2: send d me snaps no
User 1: the dude is sitting in the front w my dad
User 2: oh so pay attention lol . you went there
User 1: we're going to the plot now . abeyy
User 2: might as well d see everything lol
User 1: i haven't yet reached reached it . we met him at a common place
User 2: batameez chi hope do you talk
User 1:  .
User 2: show me your pretty white face
User 1: wtf  . dude i had so much fun yesterday . studying when baked . i think i'll do that aaj also
User 2: i was doing this forty minutes ago :p . yeah at least you'll study . but i'm surprised how did you pass out without telling i'm too baked at least eight times
User 1: omg . dude i dont remember the end . like . idk how i slept
User 2:  . mm
User 1: i slept off w . while . having some cute visuals
User 2: uf
User 1: i'll try describing it to youu on call
User 2: i hate it when we miss out on each other's days . arghh
User 1: ya man . ugh .
User 2: please to not let it happen in paris
User 1: ya
User 2: have to go get new frame . i'll leave by 1:30ish
User 1: oh . listen you'll meet me kya . tomorrow ?
User 2: yes
User 1: okay
User 2: powai side no . send me snapss
User 1: back home . bro my friend came on humans of bombay . veronica
User 2: surammyyaas bestie no . i love it when i get women hairdresserers . they always flirt too much with me . i love it . and i always go in with a jungle of hair and when they see hey this boi so baf . they start uf . loved it
User 1:  .  . hahahahaha . yaa
User 2: bro towards the end when i was getting my hair wash . liek after everything was done . she hit me with the i think i've handled your hair before blah blah . 
User 1: ugh . i'll kill her
User 2: nigga the last time i went to that shop she would be in training school 
User 1: was she cute
User 2: and i had a specific dude . duhh
User 1: did you flirt back
User 2: bblunt doesn't allow uggos . i was talking back if that's what you mean
User 1: okay . fine . go meet her tomorrow
User 2: she was like would you like some coffee . i was like mm would i now, i said i would definitely love some . but she really fixed my hairr so well
User 1: yeahh
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: snap . what is the smile wtf . im scared . did you kill hwr . okay why tf did you delete
User 2: i wouldn't do that to sejal . you scared no .
User 1: ya, go meet her tomorrow
User 2: so last time i went there i didn't have the same number . so she updated in the db
User 1: bro dw . just call the place . ask for sejal . don't have to wait for her to call you
User 2: i can feel a message coming regarding hair products because i was using the wrong shit according to her .
User 1: you only have a few days
User 1: you should spend it w the ones you like
User 2: well she did do a good job on me and stopped me from using the wrong products . and gave me two shampoo washes instead of one . maybe i should .
User 1: sweet
User 2: okay bro i have this really sexist habit . but i just don't know how to change it at al . like i've actually tried and backed out last second so many times . idk how to tip women  . like idek how to explain jt
User 1: no it makes sense
User 2: bro how do you tip dudes . argh . okay nevermind . i'm on my way back home . and then i've to come to the same area again smh
User 1: idk i never had an issue
User 2: the dudes were at the club only but they are gyming first  . i guess girls can give to either . arghh
User 1: whyy
User 2: i felt so embarrassed . meeting tuitions people at 6:39 . okay hi . changing all topics . how was the plot ? you don't care to snap only aiyo . pyar hi nahi hai
User 1: i was barely there
User 2: huh  . then why did you drive itna hahhahaha . but which one do you think is better ?
User 1: the first onee . so my dad won't be alone
User 2: i thought y'all were going there only because he wanted your decision . clearly . otherwise i would have gotten today's snaps for sure . what's everyone else saying
User 1: no no . imagine him going alone  . hehehehe . arey . let's talk about something else . tell me about this !
User 2: yeah okay you the ideal daughter cool . makes everyone happy . mee to .  . okay . tell me about your last night 
User 1: i don't wanna talk about properties 
User 2: okay . what kinda high were you . the visuals omg
User 1:  .
User 2: so i'm meeting rujuta mayur and milind . we goinf to the club house . but like won't be playing anything . the restaurant there is right next to the see . and then i have my car no . so we'll mostly drive along marine lines like you wanted me to lol . then bachelor's
User 1: omg
User 2: oh their milkshakes and juices
User 1: that's a perf plan
User 2: im clearly going to order the cold coffee . and the cab driver is damn pissing off rn . he doesn't know the way so i can't even play cod . then i'll be carrying the  with me to give a friend . i don't want it anymore lol . so let's see if i can convince these pussies to smoke some
User 1: omg hahahhaaha
User 2: and then since i'm taking it we'll go on the eastern freeway . with them doobiess
User 1: ooh
User 2: and then suttas ofc . my grandfather called me today in his room and told me to get medicine for cold and cough
User 1: ofc
User 2: everyone knows somethings wrong lol . but the cold is because if the weather only . uff . hate it but like it . ahh
User 1: acchaa
User 2: so that's it from my end with your dry ass replies . :)
User 1: no . i was waiting for you to finish typing . man sorry
User 2: are you busy ! .  ?
User 1: no no
User 2: so just don't like me . cool . 
User 1: i'm gonna avoid sleeping . maan . i'm just tired . kinda drove the whole thing
User 2: yeah . and woke up early too
User 1: yeah
User 2: arree sleep a bit niw
User 1: no . it's too late to . and i've to study a bit . so once i get some caffeine
User 2: because then if you stone and study like you plan to you will only feel sleepy
User 1: i should be good
User 2: at 6:30 . you woke up early also nush
User 1: bro legit after the property my dad drove for some . but hegot hungry . andbwe packed a bit of food . so i told him i'd drive . but he ate . then got sleepy . and he asked me if he can sleep
User 1: and i was like ofcc . bro . he pulled the seat back
User 2: and then you were just alone wtf
User 1: full recline . bro
User 2: baller 
User 1: he closed his eyes for ten seconds . and then he was snoring  . too cute . but yeah . i was alone . no music . nothing
User 2: now you know how my 31st was hehehhehe
User 1: no talkinh
User 2: uff
User 1: but that was an hour only
User 2: what do you even think . one hour and you didn't do anything woah
User 1: yup
User 2: didn't expect you could stay like that for that long . hence you're so tired aiyo
User 1: lmao . ya
User 2: you should have slept after coming back no .
User 1: like i'm too tired to choose emojis . or use punctuation . hence dry responses . i was so hungryy . i ate . and then spoke to my bro for some time
User 2: as long as the right ss aren't dry i don't see problems . responses toh theek hai . codsdd
User 1: chh . no
User 2: you're too prude for me this i've noticed
User 1: i feel bad for sleeping off early yesterday
User 2: i shall tone down
User 1: wasted the high a bit
User 2: how early  . what wasted you did too excess
User 1: oh after 31st you can't say this
User 2: i don't like  after edibles at all
User 1: idk
User 2: prude is talking wise . if you're a slut behind doors why will i object 
User 1: ya but if i'd stayed up i'd have thought more fun stuff . oh i'm gonna update oxygen today
User 2: i don't think i could have ruined you so muxh
User 1: yeah it wasn't all you
User 2: i really wanna hear more about the visuals latern . yeah fine your other boys jeez okay . huh
User 1: os
User 2: oh one olus . man . i miss it
User 1: i can't describe it in less words . ofcc
User 2: that's why later on call
User 1: i'm peeing  . wait
User 2: the driver took the 3rd wrong turn and i list it so i'm walking back lel
User 1:  . okay
User 2: your family needs to stop taking pictures of people when they sleeping it's getting creepier slowly seeing the frequency
User 1: yo if you busy . we'll talk later
User 2: sorry i got a call shivani . even she'll be at the clubhouse
User 1: accha accha . wait what were you gonna say and the stopped
User 2: and i am going to have to say hi to my fake 11-12th friends who i haven't seen since boards
User 1: lmaoo
User 2: idk what you're talking about
User 1: bro this is too annoying just say
User 2: especially after i really played a  move on their bestfriend . is caffeine in your system ?
User 1: not yet .  .
User 2: man they don't do eyebrows  . i felt so sad . it's too hairy
User 1: yeah
User 2: i wanted them to be perfect when i meet you . fuck
User 1: go to some other place .  .
User 2: that's why i got a haircut in the first place . you say i don't make effort uff . i got new specs too
User 1: okay say
User 2: you were driving so couldn't ask you to choose the frame . so i didn't think it was the best frame for me . but my mom really liked it
User 1: okay you have flattered enough . now you can say the shitty thing you were gonna say
User 2: you acknowledge this tomorrow bitch . and come play cod
User 1: bro tell me now . i'll play cod .
User 2: help me get from elite four to five bitch
User 1: yeah i'm not talking to you . but i'm online . we can play .
User 2: match is starting bye
User 1: bye .
User 2: come online . hi . aiyo . reply to me . i have separation issues man out know . bro can you sprain your tow because of driving or something
User 1: sorry i was playing . idk never happened to me
User 2: and you didn't accept my request . bich . you mean mean allthe time . drink coffee and study baby
User 1: didn't get it
User 1: drinking coffee will study later
User 2: woh later kabhi nahi aata  . i left to meet them bois
User 1: tell me what you were gonna say .
User 2: i'm driving
User 1: cool
User 2: arre i was not going to say anything man . and that hairdresser wasn't even cute i was just saying extra things so that i can make you a bit jealous and it clearly worked and i let it go on for too long so lol . bfly . hehehe
User 1: sorry i was playing . cod
User 2: and i was drivingb . clearly we have our priorities straight  . jk
User 1: uff . have fun, be nice, stone
User 2: you're not doing the first thing to me .  .  .  .  . 
User 1: i'm not making you have fun ? . wait whaat . i don't get it
User 2: wait no second sorry  . sorry i dyslexic too
User 1: uf
User 2: but yeah thank god you said it first  .
User 1: just focus on driving bitch .
User 2: hi sorry . got back to back calls . you studying ?
User 1: ya ya talk aaram se later on
User 2: what you going  to do
User 1: study only
User 2: chalo let's catch up later . text me sonn
User 1: will do, have fun okaay and send snaps
User 2:  pics ?
User 1: ya
User 2: cool challenge accepted . send me your tits too .
User 1: wow  . aren't you outt . i'm at home only . so no problem for me to open . dude my pc name is anushka . and my earphones were connected to it . so whenever i go to pee . my earphones disconnect from my laptop . laptop . so my earphones just tell me . "anushka, lost" . and it's scary
User 2: in the car alonee . i'm waiting for it . and will not stop and it's not a joke anymore .  . me in bangalore  . hahahhaha jk that's scary tho hehe . did you pop a brownie . its smells like you did
User 1:  . nopee . vro . i just got my shades . phew . i look too cool
User 2: send
User 1: dont be mean they'll look better in the sun . and don't shit all over me
User 2: oh i hope not better than when you wear mine
User 1: first time
User 2: because that would be too cool to handle
User 1: i got shades . you're high ? 
User 2: no but sonn . i miss you man . legit . pyar dikha raha hu crush ke liye
User 1: of i just took a pic w the profile view
User 2: uff
User 1: tomorrow .
User 2: profile view ?
User 1: sidee . view . ish
User 2: take a proper snap and send . chut . i love how you're still looking straight  . but umm, yeah, so, like do you wanna fuck ? or you already only into that french  . cos damn girll
User 1: yaa . 
User 2: get it tomorrow . iff
User 1: its cool na . ya ofc . my bro chose this . and it was free . and it has power
User 2: yeah yoo look too fucking chic . ikk . yeah it's really really good
User 1: hehehhehe . looks a bit weird without the sun . it's grey
User 2: can i get mine too so we can wear them together and be cute and shitn
User 1: done
User 2: matt finish no . will you have your car, . for tomorrow . parv downloading dating apps when he wants it to work with priyanka  . fam dinnerm . oh suzette ? ?
User 1: my dad wanted me to wear the shades  . ya
User 2: not at this time please . thank you for doing that edible
User 1: ofc i said no . lmao . he was just joking
User 2: we going to inox again  .  .
User 1: ya ya . where are we meeting
User 2: we'll discuss everything at night ? . i'm driving and gonna bake sonn
User 1: hii . how are you
User 2: hello bbg . they rolling . i waiting . hehe
User 1: aw
User 2: how are you . how was the food omg
User 1: yeah fkd . we all had one cry sesh in suzette except my dad . we cried about how rio is legit one of the best things that happened to us . first my mom and i started . then i accelerated like mad . andni was proper weeping . then my bro started crying
User 2: oh man . wow . he really is a blessing
User 1: hey . talk to me
User 2: always
User 1: dude . hii . i found a song . that . rishabh told me . thay i wajt to play at his wedding . like i've always wanted to play it at his buikding . he made me responsible for his wedding music . oh bro i'm legit getting tears to this song . it's perfect for a wedding . heres a song for you . in the midst of it all by tom misch
User 2: oh mam . ininin . perfect
User 1: hehhehe
User 2: yeah even i've started liking weddings after my sister's hehe . fuckk
User 1: hahaha . but this song is just something
User 2: okay send that playlist to me on sify when you play lol
User 1: i can imagine him and his wife . slow dancing
User 2: i shall hear it as soon as i get backk
User 1: to the beginning part . and slowly when that happy part comes
User 2: if i'm invited will you dance with me ?
User 1: they kinda just get a little more upbeat . yas
User 2: :') . yeah you send such songs and not dying ones
User 1: lmao . this is too cute . heres a song for you . on melancholy hill by gorillaz . but it's a very non gorillaz like song by the gorilaz . heres a song for you . castaway by yuna . like too unique . some crazy talent
User 2: i'll always give it a try
User 1: ty
User 2: must hear then no option
User 1: actually . don't hesr it now . hear the other 2 .  .  .
User 2: you want to listen with me tomorrow ?
User 1: no no . i wanna ease you into the gorillaz
User 2: fine don't .
User 1: if you've not heard anything by them
User 2: like i ease myself into you slowly . good . i like that so cool
User 1: bro pagal hai
User 2: send the first song then . tere peeche
User 1: listen to those two first
User 2: reaching in some . ily . imy
User 1: okie ily2 imy2
User 2: boyfriendly .
User 1: of . heres a playlist for you . modern psychedelic  acid rock by jeff cannon . listen . should i go smoke . i kind of want to . but . it's late
User 2: how high are you
User 1: fine now
User 2: okay then get it back . by smoking or some more cannabutter . you decide . have to do either for sure
User 1: na i cant do anything
User 1: like . i'm still a little bkd . but if i do more i'll be fkd . and i dont want any of that passing out stuff
User 2: if you smoke also in will increase
User 1: ya but by little . and for some time . i didn't smoke yesterday
User 2: you're saying like it's an achieve maddo
User 1: lmao
User 2: hey i'm back and would love to video call
User 1: you smoke everyday . a lot
User 2: noo
User 1: okay
User 2:  . arent you tired tired
User 1: noo . we walked a lot
User 2: man did you have an early start
User 1: and there was an injured dog . like . not a physical injury . a mental one
User 2: oh
User 1: like . it looked like ptsd
User 2: oh yeah this i knoe
User 1: idk
User 2: like too scared of everything
User 1: okay let's not talk about it
User 2: okayy
User 1: dude he was just staring at the tree . not moving . just would close its eyes while sitting . shivering
User 2: aiyo . did you do something
User 1: there was a couple there . they put a tee shirt on him . gave him biscuits . and water . he didn't eat anything . but he liked the tee . and kindof tried to fall asleep on it
User 2: mann it's getting cold . poor strays
User 1: so we left . yaa
User 2: aisho
User 1: anyway . i'm not sleepy at all
User 2: oh i'm so done with the day . too much socialising . there is so much planned wedding related before i leave  . anushka what time is your flight on the 8th
User 1: omg . umm actually i'll be leaving on 7th night
User 2: what
User 1: cause the flight is at 2:30 am 8th
User 2: fuck .
User 1: lmao
User 2: bro . wedding match is there .
User 1: dude it's chill
User 2: mostly i won't be able to come . no .
User 1: it's okay . abbey it really is . don't worry
User 2: who cares about you man that means i won't get to meet you then . so is tomorrow the last day ? !
User 1: 5th is tomorrow
User 2: yeah my net sucks . sorry
User 1: issokie . you baked ?
User 2: yes lol good amount
User 1: hehehehehehe
User 2: didn't drive back
User 1: i want a suttaa .  .
User 2: soo i could text you ofc
User 1: ohh accha
User 2: you want to go ?
User 1: not cause you were too baked . i can get the sutta back ? . no . noo . way . outside only
User 2: i've told you to keep . okay pussy
User 1: my bathroom also isn't inside my room
User 2: but yeah you seem fine
User 1: yup
User 2: can go
User 1: and its cold outside . it'll be nice
User 2:  !
User 1: it was crowded also
User 2: done then . leggo
User 1: okie . i'm peeing
User 2: svsvsvsvsvsv .  . sorry . bro decide what time you want to meet at
User 1: good . rio walks at six
User 2: wanna meet before or then only ?
User 1: before is cool
User 2: cool time . never deleting
User 1: haw . what is all the covering up don't copy
User 2: you stop i'll stop . we do have pretty faces hey we should be doing that . i had fun hehe . hot .
User 1: hehehehhehe . yeah me too ofc . you always are man .
User 2: could guess from your expression .
User 1: ugh . hate that
User 2: you don't say, killer fucking qween . that's the thing that makes me fucking  . why do we look like normal people all time and have that hidden burst of hidden personalities like being so hot all the time . really does work in my favor . damn .
User 1:  . twice . ya wtf . your hot wala face
User 2: twice .
User 1: wtf you're right you're a diff person when you wanna fuck
User 2:  . idk . only if i was there . hate to see you do all the work
User 1: lmaoo
User 2: yeah really should have been there . somehow . man .
User 1: hahahaha
User 2: okay okay you have to wake up early
User 1: ughh . :( . wyd now
User 2: yeah hate this part of the night too
User 1: sleeping ?
User 2: i think i might read stephen hawking
User 1: accha okie
User 2: yeah i'm not not high
User 1: i'm gonna sleep then
User 2: yes yes
User 1: gn yo . tc . 
User 2: goodnight bfly . 
User 1: yeah i actually woke up . so i dont recommend the band psychedelic porn crumpets idk i dont like them yet . oh but dude this playlist is too fire for acid . omg . now i wanna trip w the dude that made it . oh bro . his music is too cool . i just saw his sify profile . he's too cool . he has one for  also . okay . he's too cool . and he doesn't even know . i'm talking about him . yeah i'm following him
User 2: thanks for calling . well you're getting your hand made brownies today so . is he the reddit guy . that's talent no
User 1: hehehehhee . no . i found it randomly on sify . oh wait not roming w somiya
User 2: i'm smart like that and hopefully you won't forget again
User 1: ya
User 2: yeah i want to hear the  onee
User 1: i'll try getting the edible i did yesterday . i'm so sure my dad will be chill
User 2: is it better !
User 1: ya
User 2: i want to try your homemade one butt
User 1: i did only half . i'll get both
User 2: lol okay then . aiyo no one . we have to have equal no
User 1: so my mom doesn't like smoking it . and she doesn't like the taste of other edibles . so i dont wanna bring too much of the brownies
User 2: han you've told me
User 1: that's why
User 2: ohh . okay kkay . both get thenn . bro
User 1: okie
User 2: i've to go for shopping as well . argh
User 1: i've to get my pants altered at the tailor alsp
User 2: bro how the fuck will i wear formals everyday ? ! . what . i tuck the shirts in my underwear so it looks good outside . how will i do that for the rest of my lifeb . argh . yeah that's scary . bro you're going to go to office in comfy clothes da . uf i'm j . i want to get a cute little space for myself there . like my s . i'm set it up in such a way uff . okay i mean i'll be sending you a video and you tell me what goes where and what all do i need . man okay i think im getting excited about bangalore finalyy
User 1: omgg . okay done 
User 2: first thing in the morning i'm looking at this weird shit omg
User 1: omg .  . three stars only . next
User 2: so are you . did i say this to you . meano
User 1: yeah ik i'm not three stars so i'm not gonna let that faze me . ew wtf
User 2:  sure . dude what if it applies too much pressure and i can't stop shitting . man zahra is so irritating she is awake and still won't come for brekkie
User 1: wow
User 2: you wear it around your waist everyday full day five days a week . hmm . yeah nevermind i'll go with my shabby self . how many shirts am i supposed to get bro . fuck tell help me
User 1: omg . how many do you have
User 2: like three i guess at best 
User 1: buy three more ?
User 2: just 6 ? ? . i thought you need like atleast a two week supply no  . pants obviously gonna be repeated till the beg to be changed . idkk . uf this corporate life . bro i finally understand that at the end of interstellar when he sends his daughter the morse code hes in an euclidean space ! . thats why moving in space changes the time to and he can see akk the past shitb . fuck .
User 1: oh i thought you'll wash every weekend  . lmao ya
User 2: oh yeah so the laundry thing is going to be pretty chill . since it's in house in the og . pg .  ! . hey talk to me i'm needy
User 1: hi . sorry was eating
User 2: ya haha thought so . ooh . i'm taking these winters in . it's been nice cold so far
User 1: dude legit my house was freezing . had to close all windows . cause we're all shivering
User 2: hot coffee
User 1: 19th floor too much wind
User 2: oh fuck yeah you people have different issues . i want to live on a high floor or in a villa arghh . yeah either would do . bro you don't chill enough in your cute little balcony
User 1: i doo . i'm there abhi
User 2: ahh you never send pictures so i thought . nice alcove . would take a blankie there 1010
User 1: hehe
User 2: cod with me
User 1: okay let's play a game or teo
User 2: is your brother sick
User 1: why
User 2: we needed him . we played better than him . unprecedented . loll
User 1: lmao . my bro is hurt . we both just played gun gane . he won . so he's happy now
User 2: don't tell him all this man . he should hear only the positives . what if he doesn't like mee . hahaha . good
User 1: lmao
User 2: haha y'all are still playing right
User 1: no no
User 2: okay okay
User 1: stopped we were just talking to paris . papa . using swype
User 2: i mean i know paris will be nice don't atleast replace your dad for it uff
User 1: aah no no no nehru . never
User 2: you're not good at this . hehehhe
User 1: k . man . (islands)
User 2: huh
User 1: k . man . sounds like . cayman
User 2: ohh
User 1: sorry
User 2: i thought you fucked up again . yeah man i don't have itna brains . stop embarrassing me . anushka
User 1: hehehehehhrr . sux2beu
User 2: as long you the one sucking it does sux2bme . where are you picking me up fromm
User 1: you say . same station ?
User 2: vikhroli na
User 1: yaa . sure you'll come by train ?
User 2: tumhare liye chalkar aajau
User 1: theek hai . start walking now only . lmao
User 2: but then again why to do so much effort when i'm going to get you as a prize . ya da local is perfect . like the first dayy
User 1: okay . cool cool . yup
User 2: hopefully it ends better 
User 1: hehe . lmao
User 2: talk about whatever you want today only you won't be seeing me after it 
User 1: ah i have nothing to say . we'll just chill dude . let's not try to put some kind of pressure
User 2: that we'll do anyway  . m no its the last time we are meeting for a v long time . but yeah no pressure ofc pff . ezpz
User 1:  . pagal . let's keep it simple only . dude i wanna do something fkd up . i wanna take a bath . after she cleans the washroom
User 2: yes ma'am .  . i get a lott of shit for it . highly won't recommend
User 1: mom isn't home . 
User 2:  . man why you the like weird kid in class
User 1: lmao . oh i wanna sleep
User 2: but hey you gonna miss the mumbai water . take it when you want to  . i'm planning to sleep an hour before meeting you  . and then get baked baked with yiu
User 1: what . i still haven't asked my dad for the pill . dude it's not tasty okay
User 2: bathing water . because you gonna be doing only paris water soon enoughh
User 1: but it hits
User 2: arre
User 1: like yesterday i was vv high and i did half . vah
User 2: my question is will he be fine with the pill and then you taking the car
User 1: no ofc not . she's cleaning the washroom . oh dude . my laziness . uff . knows no bounds
User 1: omg i'll clean after i'm done
User 2: no . leaving it wet is the fucked up part . god it's like you don't wanna have fun only
User 1: okay gonna sleep for thirty mins . brb . see you
User 2: or are you taking a break to write all the naughty lines down that you're going to tell me . shit sorry . i kinda fell asleep and switched the alarm
User 1: oopsie
User 2: you okay ?
User 1: allergies
User 2: you want to meet right . 
User 1: ya ya why what happened ? . been sneezing . and blowing my nose continuously
User 2: cool cool nothing . hot
User 1: chh . say
User 2: arre you lost track of time no . like i didn't get a message or anything . and when i woke up i saw the time i panicked lol
User 1: yeah even i slept a lot . dw dw
User 2: hmm
User 1: sorry
User 2: no . i just wanted to make sure everything is finen . maddo
User 1: nose . allergy . sneeze . lot
User 2: ha . relax 
User 1: ah . my . nose . itches
User 2: i'll scratch it for you when you drive so that you don't have to get distracted
User 1: lmao done . to . yo . have you left
User 2: just did
User 1: okie . send live location . it's showing me twelve minutes to reach the station
User 2: you have a lotta time to get ready .  . sorry for the delay omg
User 1: omg dude . i just asked my dad .  . omgg
User 2: :x
User 1: dude i'm vv scared to get the brownie . ya so i'm getting that one pill . we'll split it . okay ?
User 2: what did dad say  . yass
User 1: he gave one pill . omg
User 2: do they know it's for me  . i'm scared of your parents . for some reason . aah
User 1: yaa . why dude
User 2: i think that happens when you with with the daughter . oh man i'm more scared . uf . i told my parents that two people are leaving . they like who all . and then i said anushka and just couldn't think of another name 
User 1: oh god . omg . youre mad or what
User 2: i said meet the roommate . they are like oh you chill with him now kya good . but yeah took me good three seconds . what a brain fart . be there by 4:45 :)
User 1: yo i'm at the same place
User 2: perfecr . next to next stop
User 1: omg . fast . dude . i had to do one thing . give my pants for altering . the two tailors i go to were closed abhi .  . also . one more bt . why am i like this . but today was the last day of my mom's exhibition . and my dad needs the car to go pick her up . at 6:30 he needs it . i kind of wanted to walk around only w ypu . tbh . but . i know you wanted the carr
User 2: yeah so you pulled away fiest . clearly you lost that
User 1: hey . sorry
User 2: yeah not really okay .
User 1: ugh
User 2: you owe me one dog park night . and i'm sorry i wasn't talking .  it was just because of the last meet thing . so was taking it all in i prefer listening over talking if you've noticed so well . but eh you did justice to the last meet so no complains from my end, love .
User 1: ughh . i didn't wanna do the dog park thingy . idk . it felt like a bad endd
User 2: haha yeah okay . it's good for mid tru .
User 1: idk . sory
User 2: man you should enlist yourself for the airbnb experience thingis because all i have with you is fun . if you say sorry once again then breaku
User 1: omg bestt same w you also ofcc . eep okie . don't want daddy to punish me
User 2: you should be afraid because the spanks don't get any softer .
User 1: hahahahaha . ofc they don't
User 2: i don't know how you were keeping it so simple fuck . yeah i don't pretend to be chill as good as you .  . can't
User 1: i like it like that . idk . it feels more natural . like existing together . i feel . like
User 2: yes we did this . but if i were to be more natural i would have had one of your classic breakdowns 
User 1: aah
User 2: but hey guess who is getting his other bitches to try some hot chocolate at the place called suzette . had a peaceful breakup with my ex so she didn't mind taking me to the cute place all thanks to her . ya, you're not a college chick, you're my ex . i'm glad we did that tbh . hey i'm back . so you wanted me to tell you when i was masturbating while thinking about you . well .
User 1: hi . i'm sorry . i almost passed out . and i have bite marks
User 2: haha
User 1: all over my leg
User 1:  .
User 2: yeah i know we should have left sooner
User 1:  .  ! .  . all safe and good
User 2: love how you texted right in the middle of that . just made me harder . cool cool brb . hello
User 1: hi . how are you . i'm so bajed
User 2: satisfied finally . hahaha dude i'm sober sober . hehehe . i'm glad . how's the music going . or are you chilling with broo
User 1: aah . i'm just drinking coffee . idk how this happened . dude my high isn't going down only
User 2:  . listening to this i hope mine increases hehehe
User 1: lmao
User 2: oh man
User 1: how was the solo naughty sesh
User 2: you are quite satisfying even in your absence i must say . so was just imagining the things you could dohave done in person 
User 1: omg
User 2: i love how one of the last things you said was i'm glad you got to fuck me like you want to
User 1: okay fuck
User 2: because i did .
User 1:  . hehehe np
User 2: hello anushka . i think this was a lie
User 1:  ! . this is some crazy stuff . dude idk why i'm a little distant . yeah . i feel distant . i guess . it's the vidit thing . don't miss what you already got and feel chill with . i feel like this shits gonna hit hard . later on
User 2: talking about how we are completely opposite about it rn ?  . na for me with girls i like like this rule don't apply . because with vidit whatever k get i'm happy . with you i just want more and more man .
User 1: yeah a bit i'm sorry .
User 2: no man it's fine . somethings are just our own things . too much sorry you're saying today man . just heard in the midst of it all . oh man . yeah i love this tune
User 1: marriage song for rish . oh maan . phew
User 2: okay the music at the end . uf . such slow dance song
User 1: yaa
User 2: like not dance dance .
User 1: exactly . that's why wedding
User 2: just hug and move kinda thing . def
User 1: hehehehhe
User 2: bro . i'm definitely listening to more yuna . wtf . she has such a smooth voice .  !
User 1: right . heard her in suzette only
User 2: okay i'm definitely not sober because music doesn't feel so good
User 1: when i went w the fam
User 2: first time ever ? !
User 1: yup . i heard it and died
User 2: oh wtf
User 1: had to figure it out
User 2: okay send more songs when you hear those good ones . and j peg songs . i'm in the mood for falling in love with new music right now .
User 1: heres a song for you . pull up by nicotine
User 2: so i'm up for some hip hop and happy songs
User 1: not hip hop sorry  . heres a song for you . cold little heart - radio edit by michael kiwanuka
User 2: yes yes it's fine . why you're spending your nights alone . hehe sounds like you in pp . fuck . you should have really spent more nights there
User 1: lmao
User 2: argh . i feel stupid
User 1: hahahaaha . heres a song for you . patience by tame impala . dude i reallt wana se tame impala on acid . bro . this has that stereo effect
User 2: one day i see it happening
User 1: omg . i'm coming legit . fuck
User 2: wait wait next song fuck
User 1: lmao . dude . and this one was when i went w my dad . and i heard the tune and a bit of the words . and o told my daf . it sounds like tame impala . and i was right
User 2: you hadn't heard it before ? ! . oh man
User 1: nope
User 2: suzette is really one of those places . i'm glad you made me shut my eyes and you know do that thing
User 1: oh man . it was one of those trips na . where . you think you're fine . but you're tripping . this was heavenly dude . i couldn't stop smiling
User 2: i feel waiting for food with you makes me higher . legit too many times that's happened
User 1:  . tru . i'm surprised we didn't die in your car lmao
User 2: man i love to see this . just pure clean emotion . that day was a touch and go . we need to keep that kind of  for other days
User 2: todays high was so different . fuck . like . it's peak was perfect . like walking back after suzette and that sutt was it
User 1: omg
User 2: and then gradual decrease while kissing you .
User 1: we were too baked dude
User 2: no i'm glad i want fucked . wasnt
User 1: arey . like . not baked baked in the moment . but now that you look back
User 2: yaa
User 1: it was def sometjing
User 2: we know the something . your dad might be judging us lol
User 1: lmao . no dude . it's okay i think . he was damn chill . dude i died at home legit . i kinda just cuddled up on the sofa only . and died there . but i got a bit cold . and then woke up . my hair messed up
User 2: yeah this was something else . like i just can't exactly put it into works . it feels like those experiences .
User 1: now i'm better after that coffee . omg i made coffee . i was so dead idk how i did it
User 2: blankiee
User 1: dudee same . yo we got good kissing rhythm
User 2: needofthehiur
User 1: lmao . tru
User 2: okay i def do it purposely but like in the middle for half a second we separate and i see your eyes and they aren't open exactly implying that we continue kissing and even my eyes are like that . don't do it
User 1: hehehehhee . yeah noticed that too . aah cute
User 2: and your eyes have so much in them . like argh . kill me .
User 1: they're this colour: 
User 1: heres a song for you . it might be time by tame impala
User 2: man
User 1: kya . you don't say, those lashes girl of
User 2: okay this is not a  song for sure
User 1: lmao
User 2: dude idk why i didn't like normal music on acid . maybe need a complete different list
User 1: yeah . same for me also . i started making one . but . i'm vv split about the songs it has
User 2: no like when i see your eyes and like always the iris is huge and just coming at me, it shows a lot about you and since i know you i can feel you spewing positive vibes at me and i'm just trying to catch them all and then i get overwhelmed and then i'm just wo breathe phew look away . need to trip on it to know . can't know without getting am i right
User 1: hehehehhehehe
User 2: anushka you're a ball of soothing light . i think i needed that in my life . thanks for filling that space .
User 1: yeah some i've tripped to some i haven't and i keep removing half the ones i add
User 2: why lol
User 1: oh maan . omg . okay such nice stuff . what . even
User 2: sorry for not being jenit .
User 1: cause i feel like they're horribly wrong for the playlist
User 2: exactly why you have to trip on them to know if the belong . don't remove from now only da
User 1: heres a song for you . uva uvam vivendo varia fit by sugar candy mountain . no ik what's god
User 2: hehe let's go
User 1: but not tripped enough to be sure
User 2: zyada smart ohi
User 1: hence the adding and removing
User 2: or with everyone you were supposed to too
User 1: yeah v accurate . heres a playlist for you . acid by anushkatrivedi
User 2: oh bro the first line only
User 1: hahahaha ya even i noticed this first
User 2: bro i didn't trip in music enough because i wanted to get the visual in because even they were very subtle since low dosage so maybe you have to do it with me to teach me what's what . send me better playlists uf
User 1: haan so instrumentals are a lot of fun on acid cause you can use your brain to fill in stuff . according to the feel
User 2: o
User 1: idk . my first trip . i tripped the hardest to beethoven . like tesrs . tears . shutup  . yeah you should def def def def do a higher dose
User 2: oh man that's only instruments hm . only with the right ones . you are a bitch . arghh
User 1: heres a song for you . fur elise, woo fifty-nine by ludwig van beethoven
User 2: we should have done in the first week only
User 1: shush
User 2: jk man ik the reason . but yeah man okay regret of the vacation .
User 1: ya true dude
User 2: everyone know this one loll
User 1: yaa . even i'd heard it before ofc . but appreciation level max on acid . like every note makes sense for being there . and
User 2: hahahha
User 1: how much he loves this girl . uf
User 2: it's a love song ?
User 1: it's almost like a story . yup . tells a story without words tbh . which is so cool . using music he describes the ebb and flow of their relationship uf i die legitt sounds too cheesy but that's why i was crying
User 2: the ebb ?
User 1: like i get chills listening to it even now
User 2: post about feels are too fucking real . it does affect you properly for a long fucking time m
User 1: ebb and flow  ups and downs in a repetitive way . ya dude . like i cant even listen to it rn idk why . maybe not a relationship relationship but just feelings itself
User 2: oh yeah the slow part sounds like the rocky part of their relationship and then slowly bam he happy af again
User 1: could be anything
User 2: cry no
User 1: naa like i dont want to listen to it abhi . will save it for the next acid trip . maybe
User 2: just include me in one of the next three trips max . uff i hate that i'm thinking about you coming to bangalore already . i hate being so selfish uhh . but cool cool see if it fits in your schedule lol . you need to book your concert tickets
User 1: hahahahahha done done . okay don't do this jenit . yeah for sure . dude can i tell you something
User 2: yeah i get like this man don't annoy . always .
User 1: so i'm the kind of person that tries to absorb the most wherever i am . i tend to get lost in it . so i'm not necessarily the best at maintaining contact . i may fuck up a few times . like, when i went to or wherever i could experience something alone i kind of go a little too in it in it and i feel the need to block out the world . so i'm more in the moment . and i've realised i'm at my peak when i'm like that . detached from my phone . in the moment . writing . but whenever i'm on my phone, i'll message you . surprise surprise
User 2: and that's what i want you to do because you don't know when you'll get it next and everything will be so new there that ofc you'll want to do it all . yeah . like by going awol ? 
User 1: yeah . kind of  . like i dont do it intentionally . that's why i'm saying it now 
User 2: then you're supposed to be at your peak all the time .
User 1: i haven't journaled since manipal
User 2: just send me the writings so i kinda spoke to you even when i wasn't talking to you . get jtt
User 1: yes yes
User 2: yeah not a pleasant one tbh . fu . too many things going on at home 
User 1: i kinda go off the grid . idk
User 2: mumbai too
User 1: it may happen . may not happen . yeah . exactly . i haven't really been alone . and home is never conducive for that
User 2: yeah anushka just tell me whats going on in your life and especially that overworking brain of yours . just want you to be happy first .
User 1: oh man
User 2: f . like i can completely understand you wanting to just take the night off after a long day of work in a cafe with the phone on airplane mode and then going home and passing out . and some days are supposed to go exactly like that .
User 1: yeah exactly . i just thought i'd tell you beforehand . what to expect when i go off the grid
User 2: you think i don't expect you to do that 
User 2: man i just want you to be a part of my life and even thought you're not temporarily i know i'll be caught up with it in no time with one video call . so yeah i'm ready for it . sucks i can't be a part of it . but oh well you don't get everything you want . you don't have to specify all this jaan . i already know how you work . i know you won't not be able to tell me something crazy that happens or anything along the lines . so all i gotta do is wait for when you wanna tel and that's fine . don't be itna oh let me just tell you beforehand, bitch i already know . sorry idk why j typed so much
User 1:  ! . thanks yo
User 2: whyd you make bois fall for you and then bounce anusha
User 1: maybe it's only when they call me anusha
User 2: it was on purpose okay .  . but yeah . i really hope i lose the match too . and dw about me, i shall be just great without you 
User 1: oh the boy zombie emoji
User 2: thank you for not getting weirded out by kissing my injured lip . and ugly . okay idk what to say to you today . yes i'm in the depressed state ish . i'm telling you i have issues . i think i'm going to look for food in the kitchen . hope i find something . i'll talk to you tomorrow tho .
User 1: okay never ever
User 2: if you want to text then feel free i'll reply to that fosho
User 1: okay listen up
User 2: don't be gay now .
User 1: hi jen, . and when you feel i'm far away, remember we don't always need technology to connect, you'll be in my thoughts for sure . also don't be sad pls . i don't want to leave for paris like that . i want you to be excited jenit, bangalore is one helluva chapter coming up ! and holy hell, it's gonna be so amazing ! you deserve the good stuff coming up jen .
User 2: tldr
User 1: cool . don't read . i'm not summarising . this was the summary lmao . yeah, sure . yum, tell me what you ate . of you cold cold now
User 2: yep definitely going to be a new chapter that i'm excited about and ready for . and the time spent being single wasnt the shortest . i learn way more when i'm sad and fucked in life and kinda take things a less seriously when life is smooth . too lazy to go but hungry . no da . just getting nostalgic so kinda in that zone . but yes i'm not sad sad because we are just going to improve from here as individuals . just fucking sucks we can't do it together . missing on someone's growth also gives me fomo lol . same .
User 1: yeah bas idk what to say anymore . aw . go get something !
User 2: what things are you talking that you wanna improve that you realised this december ? . wanna talk about it for upar upar se ? . yeah fine
User 1: yeah but i feel like i need that distance yk . i know it may sound rude, but i haven't gotten any time by myself legitt . and i kind of desperately need it . i feel a little stagnant in life rn, and reconnecting w myself helps me realign myself to my goals .
User 2: yes that happens when you like someone . distance is always good i actually agree .
User 1: no just the breakdown was a little unexpected . plus, i wanna take a fresher look at who i am and who i've become cause i feel like in a quest to become a better person i have imbibed a ton of good qualities but i may have roped in a few bad ones too . yeah thanks for understanding, bfly
User 2: like which ones
User 1: don't want history to repeat itselff
User 2: bfly . uf that happens lol be careful
User 1: i feel like i'm a little impatient sometimes, a little stubborn, a little selfish and here and there .
User 2: stubborn and impatient true you'll become thoda more peace at mind when you have that alone time with just you and your thoughts . but with you i've noticed this selfish thing, like you try to do to many things for others and when that becomes too much your selfish phase kinda starts . try to balance it out a bit i think . like you have to be selfish . it's every person for himself kinda thing . you come first everywhere and that's self love not selfish .
User 1: yeah exactly
User 2: try to balance it
User 1: yeah this makes sense . i just need to be by myself a little cause it helps me get a better idea of my brain . otherwise the worst shit comes flying out . and this december def showed me small stuff
User 2: just asking, you're saying this generally and not just about me right
User 1: yeah
User 2: it's okay you learn like this only . ah i'm glad we had this talk . makes me less sad . and more excited to the positive future in store for us
User 1: glad
User 2: so yeah, thanks for everything anushka . you've been too critical for my life and you came at the time i needed someone like you the most . and i got to fuck you so that's always a plus
User 1: oh man . lmao
User 2: have to end such a serious thing on a lighter note . yeah i boyfriend ly .
User 1: tch
User 2: let's call it a night
User 1: no confusion about the bf part anymore ? . yeah
User 2: isliye toh boldiya . darta nahi apun bc
User 1: toh mu pe bol bc
User 2: uf . gn
User 1: man
User 2:  . 
User 1: what are you doing
User 2: getting rejected by hoes
User 1: how is this rejection . okay why are you sitting in dark and eating
User 2: cant get rejected if you don't ask out tru tru
User 1: yeah
User 2: idk just felt like those moments . now i'm going to lie down and just think a lot about everything . like nothing specific . but yeah related to this, unrelated to this
User 1: okaay
User 2: and that's it from me ladies and gentlemen . i bfly
User 1: i'm sorry i'm a little scared
User 2:  ?
User 1: nothing . if you get it you get it . i'm not explaining it . okay umm . just tell me if you need to talk to me or anything .
User 2: arre wtf . you do know we both are talking rn . only 30 out brains are into each other . rest we are thinking so please help
User 1: no no
User 2: oh of the boyfriend thing ? 
User 1: yeah
User 2: yeah it's fine . i'm out of your life in forty-eight hours anyway idgaf .  low key have to say that
User 1: what even . yeah okay
User 2:  . arre okay you tell me then . it's fine you don't have to say it just because i have . and we don't have to talk about it because we've already discussed everything related . so yeah since you are leaving i just thought i'd tell you the full form .
User 1: i definitely love you jenit . i know it's not the dating dating love you yet but it's the hey you've been such a nice and wholesome person and friend to me love you .
User 2: you don't have to explain it man i know . because same .
User 1: you're such a positive cute soul despite the stupid fkn shit you say
User 2: we are twenty-one years old m . we know how each other feel
User 1: then whyd you say this
User 2: isn't that enough . arre because you said that you didn't say it face to face and video call isn't allowed 
User 1: ohh . okay
User 2: not rejected rejected because i know i'm not rejected rejected by you . shit that gets you nasty nasty . don't forget that .
User 1: lmao
User 2: yeah you the bestfriend ly . lol . let's finish this conversation here only . goodnight
User 1: feels like a weird end to this conversation but okay . we'll do what you want
User 2: say what you want then . free country . i have literally gotten most of mind on chat . so i'm pretty much a clean slate
User 1: okay okay cool
User 2: and don't expect anything in return as such so relax
User 1: as in ?
User 2: nothing
User 1: yeah i'm a little confused
User 2: nothing good came out of a 2:30 am discussion ever . and this is the reason i don't keep such talks for chats and have "simple dates" when they last dates . it's fine anushka . let's just sleep on it
User 1: what bs we've had some bomb 2:30 am conversations . also . yeah if you had a problem w the simple date thing pls be forward then . cause we had plenty of time for you to bring anything up that you needed to . cause there's no way i can know when you're agreeing to anything . which is why i ask you something nineteen million, three hundred and seventy-nine thousand, two hundred and seventy-two times cause i feel like i want something and you're just accomodating . okay looks like you've already moved on w this . fine cool . goodnight . please pick up . okay i'm gonna try calling one last time . okay, don't pick up . i'm sorry for being cold because this is how my defense mechanism works . but yep, thanks for icing me out . but yeah, will try to change this a little . okay yeah, i'm talking to myself . goodbye then . so you shut your phone down right after it rang once . jenit . yep, thanks for doing this .
User 2: arre but not the serious kind or the talk kind naa . that's why i was like let's talk in the morning with clearer heads . i didn't have a problem with it at all anushka . i just had different talking wise ideas for the last date but as it turns out your plans were definitely perfect and yeah i had no problem with just spending time with you . i loved our date yesterday and clearly if i had planned it things could've gone south . why would i do something you asked me not to do ? like i know we would talk aaramse about it soon enough, like nothing specific just anything we had to talk about, so i was fine with waiting for it .
User 1: yeah it didn't really sound like that when you messaged it yesterday . yeah but my simple i didn't imply not talking .
User 2: the accommodating part is bs bexause thats not how i like to do things . if i had any problem with anything going on trust me i would tell you first and you know it
User 1: i meant simple in terms of the planning parts of it . man i didn't mean simple like that .
User 2: oh man don't put it like that arghh . i just wanted to talk properly .
User 1: i kept saying simple in terms of planning out things . yeah but you clearly didn't understand how it comes across on text . or the fact that you cut the video call . and you're distant messages and sudden vanishing .
User 2: yeah man i never said anything against it anyway and j wasn't hurt by it either because hey you feel the way you feel and being honest and sticking by it is the only right thing to do . dw you didn't come off as cold at all . i appreciate honesty to another level and that's exactly what you did . whatever you said showed me exactly how you feel about me and that is the fairest thing anyone could do . why the fuck will be offended, hurt or anything negative regarding that ? . i'll slap you . i'm so sorry  . i knew i should sleep and talk to you with an open and clear mind . that wouldnt happen unless i stopped the convo . sorry 
User 1: yeah you didn't say anything . you just started talking weirdly and went offline . so fkn tell me this in a decent fkn manner .
User 2: i'm sorry that's all i implied . ofc i wasn't passive aggressive either, just putting it out there . yeah this is exactly what i thought you implied so . you know i'm always in for the spontaneous planning so well you should have told me this is the simple part smh . yeah i definitely didn't hear that . i'm sorry .  . yeah but i kept saying let's talk in the morning . i knew i couldn't handle such convos at night and things normally get worse for me at that time because i say something wrong or don't understand what's going on . i did what i thought was right to have a proper civil conversation with you . sorry for disappearing that suddenly tho . i was not icing you out . i would never fucking do that, i can assure you that
User 1: so fkn ask me . i legit said multiple times while we were together that i meant simple in terms of planning . i kept saying stuff on the lines of not some grand plan . but see how it turns out . i legit told you i've gotten better at the spontaneity .
User 2: that cutting was like "uff you don't consider face to face then fu" and not the oh i got rejected i don't want to see you . see all these things need to be cleared out in the morning . okay i'm sorry for this .
User 1: yeah you need to clearly communicate this . according to me you didn't really sleep off and you were upsetpissed .
User 2:  . .  i'm sorry for being so disregarding and selfish last night .
User 1: cool . yeah read the moment jenit .
User 2: no you didnt say this was the simple part or i didnt hear it i'm sorry . you said that in an unconnected way and i was like yeah i love it when things fall in place with you .
User 1: we sat at that sutta place and i legiy told you i feel like i've gotten better at the spontaneous part of things . and i dont feel the need to constantly make some big plan .
User 2: i thought you were just talking about the making the plan thing . keeping the thing simple was unrelated to this according to me anushka .  . i'm so sorry .
User 1: yeah but if you need to talk about something you talk about it . don't delay it and regret it .
User 2: okay so a future thing . i am not scared of showing my emotions so if i'm pissed or sad that oh she's not in the same place as me (bfly thing) then i'll show it for sure . idk you wanted to have that talk and i was having a nice evening so somethings can be delayed . i wasnt upset of you not feeling the bfly thing at all because that's a place you're in . and j respect that you were honest with me . that's all i want and respect in any relationship, honesty . and that's about it anushka . i'm sorry i wasn't clear and let you assume so many things last night and didn't even clear it and slept off . that was a  move on my part . and i will not let that happen again for sure . we spoke about what i would've spoken on the date anyway after getting back . but alright, next time i'll bring it up as and when i'm feeling it . but on a side note, i really was just in the moment with you, not overthinking anything, and just having a cosy night with you . i swear to this . and i'm fucking glad i fucking didn't ruin anything by deciding the things i wanted to talk to you about and blah blah . spontaneity at its best . and your plans are the fucking best . and i'm again sorry for just sleeping and leaving you alone with too much going through your head . i really am sorry . did you sleep well  . i'm sorry i don't know what else to say . i swear i didn't ghost you .
User 1: yeah okay . wait i'll reply properly in some
User 2: yep no . ly . sorry . np
User 1: yeah hi . was eating breakfast . yeah, better . it wouldn't have ruined it but okay .
User 2: not ruin ruin but i was having a great time and i didn't want to talk about anyy of this . you didn't sleep in a bt no
User 1: okay then don't put it on me by saying i tried to keep it simple . i did not mean simple like that .
User 2: and now we both know where we miscommunicated and it's sorted .  !
User 1: yeah okaay . no no all good
User 2: uff our first argument . cutes
User 1: ya . i guess
User 2: i guess .  . what are your plans anushka . go cray behind that thc . going to be a while after that
User 1: nothing yet . i think my mom wants to me help her out w something . wby . fuck i panic messaged sarthak in the morning
User 2: oh this exhibition is over right ? . too good it went i feel . beauts . shoppinng
User 1: yup
User 2: mom is like get ten shirts atleast and five pants 
User 1: yaa
User 2: about what 
User 1: yeah makes sense . you . like i didn't say it's about you . i just said i wanted to talk . yeah i got scared yesterday and today morning . maybe it was cause i was baked last night that i got more scared idk
User 2: you said five shirts one for each day hahahha noob
User 1: yeah assuming you wash every weekend . i said six tho
User 2: yeah fine it wasn't luv for me that scared you 
User 1: huh
User 2: i'm sorry about the morning thing . you know my network . maybe you just care for me too much and me not reply scared you too much . you just getting s in the middle now 
User 1: yeah not there yet . i still feel weird
User 2: about
User 1: last night . just give me time . and i'm not bringing s in the middle i'm just stating a possibility that i may have hyped it too much because i was a little baked . maybe sober me would've picked up that you just wanted to talk in the morning . and wouldn't have made a big deal about it . but whatever . i guess we spoke about it enough
User 2: okay i was joking . but yeah it's fine . you mean you feel weird of how events unrolled last night right . ae man if you want to talk about anything just feel free . maybe it's clear from my end and i know the dynamics but they aren't so clear in your head
User 1: yeah perf timing
User 2: so eh idm
User 1: ya
User 2: aiyo . yeah i have this bad habit of moving on from arguments when they are over too quickly .
User 1: na nothing else to say as of now . no no dw it's clear in my head, i know what i feel and what i want . you can tell cause i clearly messaged what i felt and what i want yesterday night . i'm just a little taken aback by how stuff transpired yesterday .
User 2: i know how you feel . and i'm sorry i didn't clear everything last night only .
User 1: nothing nothing . just time
User 2: yes alright . it's fine, you'll be more busy in paris and you'll have enough time to just distance yourself and think everything and come out at peace from it all . i'm sorry if i irked some feeling out of you that i shouldn't have . loll yeah drive aaramse give me the hot goss latterr
User 1: lmao . sorry i cut jaldi se . saw mother
User 2: heyo . tell sarthak to breakup lols . jab dost aise kare tab you just intervene
User 1: bro . yeah i've done enough . i've had the talk w him too many times . issokie . dude . dude . i have to throw . the joint . in my . diary . fuck . international flight
User 2:  . yes please ! . just keep it safe in mumbai
User 1: shit dude too sad
User 2: don't throw it no
User 1: where bro . my parents will find . 
User 2: it's been there for a very long time . so what's the problem 
User 1: ya dude
User 2: bro smoke it !
User 1: ya i dont want them to
User 2: half is left na . okay
User 1: they'll think i smoke in the room
User 2:  !
User 1: it's like 2 .5 years old
User 2: it's been aged in wood . clearly works for wines
User 1: pagal
User 2: paper  wood 
User 1: i can't forget to remove it tho . bro i feel like i'll be that indian at the airport . that doesn't know how airports work . cause i've never gone on an international flight
User 2:  . you've taken flights no . it's the same lol except the immigration psrt
User 1: yeah heard about that
User 2: just do what everyone is doing . normally that works for my family too  . but but . i swear bro . you have to smoke that j .
User 1: lmao . ya . okay should i actually ? . i just researched it . lot of people smoke old  . it may burn faster
User 1: and may or may not get you high
User 2: aren't you driving omg . yeah but you're smoking it to mark the end of the college journey you started years ago before your new work life begins .
User 1: but you have to check if it's mouldy or not . no no at the next stop
User 2: after shoe polish i don't think some green bois can mess you up .
User 1: i'm equivalent to your chauffeur
User 2: and it won't have black mould
User 1: lmao
User 2: i hate that dude . but not you . so well no you're not the same . omg
User 1: lmao
User 2: okay you have to snap me or if you want video call when doing it .  . uff
User 1: lmao should i ? ? hm . idk . feels like it'll be bad for me
User 2: after everything youve been doing for the past three years ? . oh man i didn't fall for no pussy .
User 1: ughh . i'll see dude . i'll examine it a bit . i've never  at home alone . omg
User 2: yeah that do . yeah i got the crazy feels too hehe . butt . oh man yeah you do it . i'm kinda insisting and forcing
User 1: ah i'm scared . i'll see aaj raat . went shopping ?
User 2: no i was reading and having lunch . man yeah should have done the reading part . man doing these simultaneously makes me too sleepy and comfy . i have noticed that after breakfast . like i don't feel like having a bathh and all also . arghh . no seeing . only doing . yeah maybe i'm going to shut my eyes for sometime . just some . yo . i thought you were gonna ghost me from abroad only hehehhe
User 1: heyy . woh
User 2: what have you been upto beautiful girl
User 1: packing ish . you
User 2: oo . yeah i forgot it's time for that uff . i've been shopping . ah i'm so glad i found everything in the same place . i hate changing shops . but i just got formals . i wanted to get cardigans too . but oh well . yeah i got really pretty colorss . and now the trousers are getting altered so waiting at starbucks . okay i have a caffeine rush . i'm having a
User 1: at nice . ay . send pixs
User 2: in trying to read a dance with dragons but the couple next to my table is having such a petty fight i love it
User 1: hehehehhe good . lmao
User 2: like the dude is pissed that the chick replied an hour late
User 1: can i talk to you properly at nigh . night
User 2: and the girl didn't wish him good morning . yess
User 1: i'm a little emotional rn
User 2:  . about leaving ? . call me whenever :) . start convo with this man . see you . best outfit . how was your day . quite the rollercoaster i feel
User 1: hey . you here . yo did you sleep offm
User 2: yes i had . next time just tell me about your day anyway . like don't wait for my reply lol
User 1: shutup
User 2: seriously . so many times i'm just talking to myself  . i know you'll catch upp . lol . hi gm
User 1: lmao . i was too baked kal . w fam . yeah  happened after crying a lot
User 2: during packing ?
User 1: yeah . and while  . fuck
User 1: my dad said some stuff to me . i cried too much . and i was telling them something
User 2: aww
User 1: andnthen they cried . i'll tell you this later
User 2: dad also ? ? . yes please . yeah you really went mia . hahaha i'm glad you were bakeddn . uff . nice . this was such a cameo of your presence lol . wow you really spent proper time with fam . cute
User 1: so i dont really like drinking as much okay . yeah man, i'm really gonna miss home . no matter what bs happens
User 2: arre but you should do together
User 1: dude they were having w water 
User 2: but eh you were baked so good enough lel
User 1: bro we were proper baked idk how we ordered gelato
User 2: forever . oh the munchies ofc
User 1: phew i feel so much better now tho you know . the crying yetserday . yesterday
User 2: tell me
User 1: i just feel much more sure about going
User 2: yeah i kinda missed you yesterday lol
User 1: man i wanted to talk but you slept to
User 2: oh man that's perfect .
User 1: so
User 2: some heavy shit your parents said no . yeah so i had to much caffeine and my stomach started hurting
User 1: oh yep . yeah
User 2: i should've kept it on loud but didnt know if you were alive so well .
User 1: oh dude i'm gonna take my parents everywhere i go . i was telling them to drop by paris alsp .  .
User 2: you have to tell me everything from yesterdayy arghh
User 1: hehehehhe yaa . so when my fam and i get sad we fight a little . that's how it all started . fighting about stupid shit . and soon we're crying
User 2: what were y'all arguing about lol . accha accha first tell what all work is left for today
User 1: my packing
User 2: did yall start fighting mid packing yesterday heheheheh
User 1: fix my watch lmao . my bro has jee tomorrow . fuck . so scary
User 2: yeah please move on from manipal man . oh mann . but he gonna ace it anyway so well . smart smart . shouldve wished him when i met him oops i know there's a jan attempt whats wrong with me arghh . gone are those days for us 
User 1: no . ya thank god lmao
User 2: tell me what's going through your head . big day tomorrow
User 1: much clearer now
User 2: man argh k wanted to be there for the cluttered part too haha :p
User 1: just finished the online check in thingy
User 2: window ?  . yo
User 1: hi . ya
User 2: when you leaving for the watch thing
User 1: idk . why . around an hour or so from now i guess
User 2: accha nothing call me when you on the way
User 1: vah . okay will do . arusha wanted to meet abhi . but my parents just said i cant go anywhere far . idk what to tell her . help
User 2: mett . call her at your place only then
User 1: that's too far . for her
User 2: just tell her no . rest is her choice
User 1: eep . ya i asked . phew
User 1: she said okay
User 2: people want to meet you . so much dedication . how does it feel to be so loved nush . mrs famous
User 1: vag . vah . oh man . dude i legit do feel loved rn
User 2: hehehe . and you keep saying you and arusha aren't choose . close . fu
User 1: abbey we aren't that close ofc . she's closer to her pearl epeps . peeps
User 2: are
User 1: and i dont really talk to her about stuff and she doesn't really tell me stuff either :p
User 2: class man
User 1: but we've always clicked
User 2: you don't make the effort because you already have too many friends . i do because i don't
User 1: no that's not true . but yeah today i'll catch up w her and tell her stuff . and i'll make her tell me stuff too
User 2: on text yes . i remember the days when i used to send messages and got replies decades later  . oh what stuff haas . ask her about jain they had a talk at the engagement
User 1: lmao . oh accha
User 2: don't laugh bitch i considered you a loyal crush but i was left in the oblivion 
User 1: vaah shush . excited for cricket ? . okay i'm excited for paris . omg
User 2: eh .  ! . bro you're going to be in a diff continent in 24hours ! . aah . email nellyy . fuck
User 1: yeah i've been whatsapping her
User 2: and you still haven't given me your number also . hey girl whatcha digits to hit you up on
User 1: lmao . when i add i'll drop a message
User 1: whaat . i also don't know the number
User 2: haha yeab . i can imagine you scurrying around the house for small small thing and just taking everything in . oh wait . did you smoke that j ? ! ? ! ? !
User 1: no . dude
User 2: smhh . tell
User 1: i was too high kal . i was staring at that j . and i just couldn't get myself to smoke . cause i was so high . i had a little of that strain remaining . added that to the remaining stash
User 2: what 
User 1: yaa
User 2: oh manm . beauts
User 1: dude we were blown . too fkn out
User 2: yeah should have stayed awake
User 1: this was too weird . i was legit just staring at it . and smelling my book
User 2: contemplating choices :p
User 1: wait i'll take it w me when i meet rush ? . no no
User 2: yas . so turns out
User 1: i can't het baked now na . get
User 2: she can smoke up
User 1: omg . what
User 2: there's no test . found out in october
User 1: fuck then i have to take it
User 2: that cunt .
User 1:  ? ? . omg
User 2: she did . she told me this vacation
User 1: woah
User 2: how much is left but
User 1: almost a full one i think
User 2: huh . your first j i mean
User 1: yeahh . technically not first . it's second
User 2: ha but
User 1: we were pussies then . couldn't stone only
User 2: 75 you didn't smoke 
User 1: ya
User 2: and have been flying with it . wow
User 1: yeahh
User 2: you fucking balls deep will be much more painful with your steel balls .
User 1: lmao
User 2: aren't you chilling with arusha at your place only . you can't go out no
User 1: no no . we'll go around . talk to me . what's up
User 2: hello . get your watch thing donee . when you meeting arusha . take her to the sutta st . hey . ya sorry for that . i don't know how i came so fast . maybe something different about the pussy that i'd like to call home sweet home . hey anushka, . p . s . the cheating thing isn't really in your hands . text me before flying . have fun with fam 
User 1: okay wtf shutup wtf is all this sorryy . omg jenit . thank you so much . fuck, love youu too much .  . will do ty ty ty
User 2:  so i came for you thrice today . almost 4 . hmm . pussy as wet as yours uff . what are y'all doing abhi . you remember these emojis bitch . i'm starring this . i'll take this as a yes . period .
User 1: lmao . shush . omg no . heheheheh  . lmao . i feel like i'm gonna do something stupid
User 2: i'm sorry i love the wrong things
User 1: phew . i'm scared . yo
User 2: fine . i'll remember this .
User 1: wowowowooww
User 2: whaat . hehehehehehhwe
User 1: idk like lose a limb or something
User 2: tel . welcome to my manipal anushka . hahahah . leaving for the airport ? ? . it's the last moment jitterssw . ep . how was it with fam . haha too many things going on lol . do one thing enter the airport and text aaramse . hey
User 1: hi hi . give me some okay
User 2: ok
User 1: i'll aaram se message
User 2: cool cool
User 1: in the immigration ka line . phew mom was almost crying
User 2: aw
User 1: they basically told me "don't be stupid in paris" in like twenty-eight million, seven hundred and thirty-nine thousand, one hundred and one different ways
User 2: you're all cried out hehe . parents duh
User 1: yo my bro and i said love you to each other like four times . very ee . eww
User 2: uh . no
User 1: ya dude . arey jk-ing . it was vv cute
User 2: but cute . how was rio
User 1: but i gotta act grossed out . oh bro .
User 2: can't be gay no . 
User 1: dude idk any of this immigration stuff . so my dad sent a list of what to do . 1 . at the immigration counter, the officer will ask you to look at the camera . what even are these instructions kill me 
User 2:  . i love indian parents . hahahahahahha . you done with it or in the line ?
User 1: yeah i'm gonna dab here for sure . in the line . too many people
User 2: you in the rich line uf
User 1: huh
User 2: tell me about rio
User 1: aah . he ran towards the door . and was staring at me enter the loft . so me rio and varun had one group hug
User 2: he going to have some major bt . you a  
User 1: bro . after i dropped you . i met my bro and rio leaving from the lift
User 2: i saw you running . uf to close
User 1: and apparently . rio didn't wanna be on his walk anymore . he kept pulling my brother to go back home . cause he wanted to make sure i went back home only . and then when he came back . he legit licked me and jumped on me . only for me to leave again .
User 2:  . wish there was a way to tell them people . that's always surprising ishh . oh rio thing makes me sad too . but ah, such is life . never fair . checked in properly ? . oh man i hate hate my friends . that's my dadi . see what he said fml . yaa . i mean she didn't understand . but what if she was also a stoner in her day . your voice notes are too soft bro . okay i want to see carton snaps . check check . oh also . on a side note .
User 1: yes
User 2: we lost our streak .
User 1: oh shit . shit . ugh your phone is doing the network coverage thingy . yup . bought three packs . and in the flight now . phone on airplane now . bye see you vv soon . gn
User 2: oh man you should have called me no . arggh . you know i'm gay for the o okay bye from india . anyway . hope you had a safe flight love you lots
User 1: omg hi . how are you up . i'm in kuwai rn . kuwait . wowowowow . yeah can't believe this is happening . dude i died outside only . kuwait is eight degrees . i died
User 2: yes .  ? ! . uff . you have winter wear outside right
User 1: yaas . just this as in lofe . life
User 2: yes i meant .  ! . ah . eat something at the airport
User 1: naa
User 2: how many did you smoke in mumbai
User 1: one only botch . bitch . dude this airport is little weird . idk . dude randomly there's these white lights blinking and one lady is saying on the speakers to evacuate the building asap and blah blah and nobody moved an inch . huge white lights . and after checking my laptop he asked me to switch it on idk why . and he's looking at that ubuntu or windows screen very confused . and he wanted me to explain and i mentioned operating system and he told me to shut it down and go ahead lmao
User 2: lol . middle east dude . they are thoda panicky rn . but yeah all the airport here are fucking weird . broo . arabic chai sutta . come on . sorry i slept off yesterday
User 1: no no . boarding starts in 20 . and i'm having a major headache
User 2: aiyo
User 1: and i'm too lazy to go and get water . he made me drink whatever water i had lmao
User 2: did you sleep on the flight . or eat something
User 1: yaa . why will i eat at two am
User 2: eat brekkie now baby
User 1: i'm not high . ya i'll eat on the flight . hope it's veg lmao
User 2: or just jenit any other day 
User 1: ya :p
User 2: roam around the airport lol  . gm
User 1: head hurts . i saw around a bit
User 2: oh yeah
User 1: i found an lpq here
User 2:  ?
User 1: and a pizza express . wowowow
User 2: board aramse and know that you won't be able to smoke for next eight hours :p . jkjk . but anyway
User 1: omg ya i can survive . phew i'm feeling cold man
User 2: paris is a bit warmer . not really . sorry . yeah it's going to be cold cold . hehe . omgg . i can't for your snaps where's you're just buried in huge winter wear . cute
User 1: hahahah  . yeah idk how i'll jog . standing in the bus . my legs were wobbly from shivering lmao . so the pilot had said it'll be eight degrees in kiwait . and once we landed i saw its the bus thingy . and that i will be outside outside . so i immediately wore my hoodie thingy
User 2: it's fine i wasn't expecting the abs anyway :p
User 1: thank god i did okay
User 2: oh man snap me
User 1: i died for the two seconds i was outside
User 2: i want to see how comfy you are . it's fine you'll adjust
User 1: arey by hoodie tjing i meant the entire thing not just the head covering part . i wasn't wearing it pehle
User 2: not like you have an option
User 1: too many people around omg
User 2: yeah i understood . 
User 1:  .  finally this emoji for what it means
User 2: but oh well a boi wants to call you cute . don't miss out on that opportunity . ee . i'll use it from blore dw
User 1: yas
User 2: i can't handle under twenty also
User 1: it is eight here . now again i have to go outside outside . for the next flight . i told arusha i'm going to the female prayer room over here . oh dude . my hair always looks bomb in cold weather . i may be dying but i'll be looking good while dying
User 2: sounds like a you problem .  . she get turned on by that shiz . happens
User 1: yaas
User 2: show me mann . you don't talk if you want . you don't snap and we done donen . you ain't ever getting the stair thing again
User 1: vaha . i'll do from the flight ?
User 2: accha you boarding  ?
User 1: oh sunrise happened . almost
User 2: haha welcome to a diff time zone
User 1: phew
User 2: toh snap
User 1: bro i feel little stupid
User 2: bc
User 1: i get so confused by time
User 2: heheheh
User 1: i can't do the math at all . i feel so blond
User 2: arre just reach paris
User 1: bathroom
User 2: plus 4 .5 hourss . you never sent me this pic . pol
User 1: haan .  ?
User 2: just got . hahahahha wtf
User 1: oh god . people have so much makeup on
User 2: fucking emiraties
User 1: oh god . i look so ugly
User 2: you got that indian look going for you hon
User 1: we a bunch of uggos . honestly
User 2: yeah so . i feel beautiful 247 . especially because no one shows me a mirror during the day
User 1: bro these muslim women are also so so beautiful
User 2: so please .  ! . man okay fine that fair dna . and that look
User 1: and the men also . some of them
User 2: yeah muslims abroad are something else
User 1: ya dude
User 2: beardyyhh
User 1: no no the clean shaven ones . i legit thought this one chick was wearing makeup . and i looked a little longer . yeah she isnt
User 1: she's naturally that pretty wtf . not cool . i can smell sutta everywhere
User 2: like you, except when you sleeping tho
User 1: so many people came from the smoking room . 
User 2: and you're sitting out like a wuss uff . who wants a girl that don't smoke
User 1: cause i don't wanna smoke man
User 2: you be smoking them blunts only . respectable . oh man okay you can't make me too jealous from amsterdam okay . that won't be cool
User 1:  . i hope i actually go omg . but i will make you jelly ofc . i'll smoke in some cafe . like smoke 13rd of it and stub it
User 1: and drink some coffe . and take a walk . sativas only
User 2: and then smoke on the walk . ofc
User 1: oh fuck ya
User 2: you don't wanna sleep there . you can do that just reminding  . and then you'll tell terence it's 3dp . 
User 1: oh bro ofc . in some areass . oh i have to do amsterdam . and stone there . fuck . the dude next to me at immigration . was going w his friends to amsterdam only
User 2: it's fucking three hours . if you don't then i'll be sad
User 1: ya dude
User 1: i can't fuck it up . okay i'm made hungry now . mad .
User 2: hahah . you don't have time
User 1: ya there's the line and all now . and the gate opened . and all the cold from outside it inside . and i'm dying again . wowowowow
User 2: hehehehhehe . okay don't say all this . yeah but since you're not vv sleepy now let me tell you that you should have taken a fucking carton you dumb bitch . but i still ly . have a safe flight love . please play cod with me from there . hello paris girl argh the messages got delivered hows it going
User 1: hi hi omg . i'll tell you everything in some
User 2: fuckk . hahah all good ?
User 1: it's too pretty here . reached the house . oh man it's too nice
User 1: abhi my sim is having some issues . i'll fix thay . brush my teeth . take a bath . i feel too dirty
User 2: how's nely . and how cold is it
User 1: i met her kids rn she's coming at six
User 2: send mee snaps
User 1: it's such a nice home
User 2: hehe
User 1: they've kept a space for me in the fridge
User 2: show iff . aw
User 1: ya . so i'm gonna fill it w wine bottles lmao
User 2: did you just reach ?
User 1: no was talking to parents
User 2: the only right way . okay okau . settle in . get clean
User 1: yeaah
User 2: snap .
User 1: yas
User 2: oh man can't wait for your first day . :
User 1: chrck . that's my room
User 2: oh man . what a view ! . how cold is it
User 1: ya the living room view is even litter . lmao . you can see la defense . where my office is . so cool
User 2: o closee
User 1: not that bad . it rained a bit
User 2: paris girl uf . okay your room is too nice .
User 1: there's a park outside my building
User 2: small and cozy
User 1: i'm on the 6th floor
User 1: yas . lmao
User 2: hey anushka you should clean up fast fast . unpack little . and explore . go for a walk omg
User 1: ya i have tomorrow also of . oh god i'm hungry . i could barely eat anything on the flight . i ate only the breads they gave . cause the omelette had some sausage stuff next to it . and that smell was making me nauseous . they didn't have a veg option . what flight have i booked . idek
User 2: smh . 
User 1: they were good tho lmao
User 2: is okay . warm bread yeah i know
User 1: and the muslim lady next to me was the cutest
User 2: bto
User 1: i was sleeping . and i woke up w a blankie on me . that she was sharing w me
User 2: aw . okay that's too cute
User 1: and she kept adjusting it . to make sure my legs were covered
User 2: especially cos we know you look uggo when sleeping . oh man
User 1: ya 
User 2: okay that's good . but but . cleanup because flight germs are too bad . and then go out to some place to eat
User 1: ya i'm sitting on the floor . 
User 2: hahahhahahah good
User 1: and just fixing the sim stuff
User 2: oh you need wifi no ? lel . oh man i can't wait to hear about the people you meet !
User 1: man i'm too scared
User 2: the bestest thing about going abroad
User 1: i don't understand anything
User 2: pepper sprayy
User 1: bro we removed it . it's considered a weapon . and can't be checked in . 
User 2: wtf 
User 1: so we didn't wanna take a risk
User 2: hahahahhahs . buy a knife
User 1: ya
User 2: ezpz
User 1: okau
User 2: the one from cod  . you already know how to use that
User 1: i'm waiting for my sim peeps to reply
User 2: it's not working kya ? . what happened
User 1: it's saying my plan is over . just when i put the sim in
User 1: using the wifi abhi
User 2: yeah actually don't go out with comms . bro i got so many formals and it turns out that the dress code is casual except for meeting 
User 1: ya is
User 2: do you like my specs hehe
User 1: send proper pi . pic
User 2: sent . fix your sim work and text aaramse and please eat asapp . okay then
User 1: was testing sim . not working man . ugh
User 1: done unpacking tho
User 2: that was fast . babe please eat something . it's been too long that's you've had only bread . wow okay, from the tinder "have to hook up with you"  to "babe eat something" things really turned . sorry just noticed
User 1: hahahahaha . omg . ughh
User 2: what food app do they have there . like zomato or something . oh also did you meet the other roommate ?
User 1: idk
User 2: aiyo
User 1: bro . sim is not working
User 2:  . do you think you should go out ? . your area is safe no
User 1: i'm thinking . yeah let's see . i'm thoda sa pissed rb . rn .
User 2: what are those chuts sayong
User 1: and i suddenly miss home
User 2: aiyo . it's okay . gets easier after the first night . had a bath ?
User 1: brb
User 2: okie
User 1: i'm talking to the sim lady . i swear to god idk what's happening . all this bs wouldn't have happened if i boight the sim here
User 2: you haven't had food also no ? .  . maybe you can just go out for a bit . sun will set soon . you should get some food before definitely
User 1: idc . i'll see later . i wanna fix this first . bro
User 2: oh man are they saying you actually exhausted a plan without using ?
User 1: this is legit the first time this problem is happening to them . i think . cause they are also clueless . dude i told you . everything glitches out on me . everything
User 2: ohmygod
User 1: in . lofe
User 2: you relax you can't take such small things so seriously just because it happened on the first day . breathe . it'll happen . sim card issues are irritating tho i get it . nothing you do will fix that
User 1: ya but this kind of shit happens every timee . i've told you
User 2: you eat food at least that'll fix your mood . ya . but that's life . you know my luck also no 
User 1: no i can't even think about enjoying food so no i'm not going thay . shutup . yaa fuck
User 2: meant to be uf
User 1: ughh . dude this is legit the only thing stopping me . from everything else . simply i could've taken a sim here . which i was anyway gonna do . just to pacify my dad . i did . and now it's biting me in the bum
User 2: now you're far away from everyone you have to do things for . you did your bit . now relax for three months and be selfish . and go into that zone . eh it's all uphill form here and you know it
User 1: yo . one sec
User 2: yep
User 1: bro . it's working
User 2:  . yeah can you fucking giving me your number you girl
User 1: arey . my whatsapp will be this only
User 2: why you no change bro
User 1: 447307490457 . cause i dont have to na
User 2: hot .
User 1: i'll use this number only for internet
User 2: office people will use slack ?
User 1: and local calls
User 2: would be defeating the purpose otherwise :p
User 1: lmao
User 2: can you get some food . oh also
User 1: fuck yes . i'll go for a walk
User 2: why did you think pam was hitting on you at arushas party . oh man first walkk . take suttas
User 1: woah why this suddenly ?
User 2: talking to rev . so yeah he hooked up with his ex
User 1: okay fuck . just see whatever i told you in the chat upar
User 2: he hooked up with palak . and while hooking up with her . he called her by my name  . 
User 1: dude wtf . so messed up . bro . ughh . this shit disgusts me thoda . i think nelly is back
User 2: how do guys do this i don't get itt . fucking weird . and disrespectful . yeah i went up till 19th dec . omg . talkk
User 1: oh wait . it's not her . it's the other roomie . ohh she doesn't know english good one
User 2:  . where is she from and how old
User 1: just spoke to nelly . oh bro . she's the sweetest . she's so jumpy
User 2: so she's an old you
User 1: lmao
User 1: dude . she legit asked me how old i was . cause she couldn't believe i was 21 . she said i look way younger . oh godd . nobody in this city will take me seriously . 
User 2: didn't work in this country . hahaha . you out now ?
User 1: aw . shit . we should've done together . i'm thinking . i'm really tired
User 2: soryy
User 1: and i dont have a lighter . fuck
User 2: i'm goinf to play cricket now 
User 1: i'm so stupid
User 2: thela
User 2: kya khaoge pagal . so yeah the health thing isn't happening in paris . oh bro . we just smoked and shit . and the friends whose wedding it is like play properly we have to win and all  . oh man . it's family teams . can't lose against sasural people 
User 1: aw . have funn . best of luck !
User 2: no text me . or like if you having alone time it's chill . sleeping early ?
User 1: my head is hurting tbh . i'm thinking . it's too early here
User 2: haha you know europeans call it a night at 910 no 
User 1: it's seven here
User 2: i'll continue with our 2am convos . aww . is okay . okay i'm keeping my phone
User 1: i feel like
User 2: let me know what you do
User 1: i've been . awake . for too long . even though
User 2: you have been
User 1: i did sleep
User 2: jet lag . ish
User 1: but that sleep doesn't count
User 2: twelve am here so yeah just sleep
User 1: miss you . oh dude i feel so lazy . yep not going out now . i'll wake up early and gp
User 2: what have you been doing hehehe . miss you too  . we won the first matchg . oh man it's too much fun
User 1: hi hi . congrats bbg . i'm melting in my bed
User 2: aw . sleep love . we'll talk tomorrow . our entire team is down mokong . smoking . eleven people . there are three cigarettes and one juup . we are fighting like kids  . gm
User 1: gm
User 2: someone up early . wow much health . how was your first night !
User 1: hehehehhee . it's so comfy here . the heater is too nicee . bro they have some other level of living . dude the sut hasn't risen het
User 2: haha what do you mean . fuck gone are them ac days arghh
User 1: like high level
User 2: sut should be lit with the sun . yeah duh i meant how
User 1: like even the cheaper neighbourhoods have a high level of living . idk the right words lmao . so nelly isn't as old as we thought . she's super fit . also . need to find optimum temperature . for the heater . i'm sweating rn
User 2: hahahahha everyone is abroad is . time to maybe copy herr . 
User 1: cause i slept w a fleece jacket on
User 2: 2324
User 1: ya dude
User 2: no sleep normally only . like in mumbai
User 1: ya will do next time . but the room is so comfy . i can def call it home
User 2: okay first olease get a breakfast
User 1: so cozy
User 2: cozy places are . jinx . hehe
User 1: ya nobody has woken up here dude . legit . the streets are empty . i'm not excited at all to go poopoo . 
User 2: poopoo ?
User 1: and i'm gonna go to the grocery store here and buy some coffee mix and other stuff . so i can go to the balcony every morning and have something . and i'll get some basic stuff that i can cook
User 2: ah
User 1: i'll see what's there . poop
User 2: maggi in your bag  . ya going to be cold 
User 1: that im treating lile the holy grail . no the toilet paper . they have heaters in the bathroom also dude . like yesterday . i switched it on before i went inside . and the bathroom was nice and warm
User 2: oh thank god . i mean expected but hey can't be too cautious . argh first walk
User 1: ya im excited
User 2: okay even i'm excited for some reason
User 1: i actually couldn't have gone yesterday
User 2: that ded aiyo . yeah you slept a lot . like i played cricket, did a 3am drive . came back slept woke up had breakfast . and then you're like gm . hehehehhehe . cutiepie
User 1: woaah . sounds fun . dude i didn't know the driving is ulta here lmao . yaa . i feel so much fresher now . i wanna take another bath maybe ?
User 2: noob . you already took one ? . yeah just take one and please leave the housen . i can't believe you're staying indoors omg . finally i have something
User 1: at night . 
User 2: yeah please don't be itna dirty . even i don't like such a dirty girl . tell me about the third roommate !
User 1: haan ? . i need to decide whether i wanna take a bath at night or in the morning . yeah i dont think she wants to talk and all
User 2: nothing man it's too early morning for this for you .  . start your day fresh everyday aiyo . how old is she and does she actually not know how to talk in english
User 1: ya that's what i think too . but noop used to take every night . barely knows english . idk why i'm so scared to go out phew . it's such a novel feelingg
User 2: but you in a cold place you'll feel sleepy all day if your day doesn't start with a hit shower . ya
User 1: tru
User 2: fuck new place . oh i wanna see the streets
User 1: yeah i'll take a quick shower and be right backk . i'm gonna take a walk to the tram
User 2: yeah just offer her a sutta too and be like chal balcony pe bc
User 1: so that tomorrow i'm not confused for work
User 2: whag about food . you haven't eaten anything since you landed
User 1: yeah otw there are some cute places i see . and a supermarket also . so
User 2: okay okay perf
User 1: tis is nothing but an adventure
User 2: snap me everything
User 1: yes
User 2: cute
User 1: it feels like one cause i've to prep so much for the cold also . i see people outside . what they wear . and copy them
User 2: you'll know soon enough to when you become a localites hehe
User 1: yas
User 2: precisely  . go now
User 1: don't mind being a paris localite
User 2: parisian . learn what you gonna be
User 1: 1010 don't wanna be a manipal localite
User 2: i never was one . you talk about yourself
User 1: man i said it so that i could say the manipal line .  .  . bitch . not sayong ypu are man
User 1: i'm referring to how localite people were in manipal
User 2: i never said you weren't one  . i'm joking man . it's like you've gone there and forgotten my jokes already  . you go have a bathh . snap soon 
User 1: kk
User 2: did you leavee . let's smoke togetherr
User 1: yes jsut left . okie . i've to find a lighter . got a lighter . omg . he gave it to me
User 2: parlez vous anglaid . dude when people ask you for directions you feel home . omg . and this was your first outing . hahahahhah
User 1: okay i'm scared
User 2: je ne sais pas francais . keep telling everyone this hehe
User 1: yeah i'm fucked . nobody knows english
User 2: what do you want there
User 1: oh yeah some dude helped me
User 2: like generally you're saying ?
User 1: so i have coffee . oh i'm learning french
User 2: aw
User 1: i have to . it's so good
User 2: yeah i told you nob . are you at that same cafe
User 1: fuck i'm scared now . i can't communicate at all . i used google translate . so that is better
User 2: three months of this
User 1: there's a cute italian restaurant also . no i'll learn  . it's so difficult . fuck . they got so excited when i said india . lmao
User 2: o from the cultural land . magnafique
User 1: oh i'm scaredd . idk jack . i asked ajab
User 2: if she learnt ?
User 1: just in general what she does
User 2: oh fuck dude i wanna live in france arghh . ha and ?
User 1: i wanna nervous smoke again . ah will they take a five euro ka note phew . idk if they wil
User 2: don't be that kinda traveller . baap bhi dega uska bc
User 1: okay in some i'll go to the tram . and buy a pass if i can
User 2: destination ? . yep get all the work done today
User 1: should i go to la defense today ?
User 2: you had shopping also to do no . yes
User 1: ya otw back . cause there aren't a lot of hours of the sun
User 2: what time does it set
User 1: and people aren't smiley at all
User 2: yeah it's fine just roam around this area at night
User 1: they kind of frown
User 1: yep
User 2: that's the french accent smile . okay listen . dw
User 1: except the old lady who smiled at me . when i said india
User 2: french people are very calm and jolly
User 1: and when i said it's my first time in europe . yeah till now the vape dude is my fav . i'll use google translate . to speak to them also . like . the translate speaker thingy
User 2: i guess now you just haveto have to buy a vape pen from jim . yes yes
User 1: ya dude . ugh i wanna know french
User 2: yeah bitch i thought i was nagging you when i kept telling you to do duolingo . maddo . but eh you have no option but to learn so it's going to be lit
User 1: ugh . i feel people are judging mad . i'm scared of leaving this cafe fuck
User 2: huh
User 1: yeah i'll just go the bakery on the way back . and buy bread . and eat that
User 2: it's fine the government has allowednyou so fuck them anyway
User 1: there's a croissant here
User 2: croissant . baguette . local butter askbif they churn . na . bakery waoa . okay i'm too jelly .
User 1: here i csnt ask for coffee you want me to ask this, rude .
User 2: beurre
User 1: oh dude . wowow . 3rd ? . miss me too much ? . oh coffee is cheap here . one euro . and i got this croissant . two euro
User 2: ain't no filter coffee . ya man  . i think i'm going to buy nicotine guns in bangalore . don't make me say it .
User 1: ya you should
User 2: right back at you three pack for three months girl . you were already talking about rationing on day one because you were talking about the second sutta before the first one was even over . 
User 1: shutup :p . ly . so that was vv tasty . i can legit have it everyday
User 2: ly3000 . okay that coffee cup is too small for your caffeine needs oops . won't satisfy . thanks for not forgetting the book .
User 1: bro it's espresso
User 2: oh oh you directly starting with shots . cute . i texted apratim and he replied . when i asked him to meet me this weekend he ghosted me 
User 1: wowowow
User 2: got the pass ?
User 1: finding it . idk where to buy . reached the tram stop
User 2: for trams the machine is inside only . there's not station type right . oh and what were you saying the bumble bff thingi . did you get anything there
User 1: omgg . cutee
User 2: what you upto nibbi . oo . use the tram back ? . and there are stations ? . try something online no
User 1: got it
User 2: how many days wala
User 1: one month
User 2: did you make it to la defense ? .  . good you have to walk . too much tummy fat anyway
User 1: oh i feel so confident now . this travel pass legit makes me feel so good . took my first metro . now taking a tram
User 2: ah . okay i'm glad you're comfortable in a new city . necessary . are you interacting with people or are youscared rn . leave a light on- tom walker . this would have been so perfect for the great gatsby movie
User 1: will listen ! . not really dudee . people like their space i've notcied
User 2: you shut up one day you've been there . don't listen to parv . french aren't like that . i'm shopping again dude . i'm buying things i've never before ! . now i just need to bulk thoda to look good in them . yeah jack and jones don't give shits about the environment . it's pissing off
User 1:  ! . like what . send pics . dw bby i find you hot always .  ? ?
User 2: driving ttyl
User 1: okie
User 2: hello . yeah okay honestly don't even need to work out . they look to good .
User 1: send pics
User 2: so i realised i've been wearing jeans and all for too long and needs to change . so i got trousers of different colors and will start wearing whatever i never wore
User 1: hot
User 2: and the i got cardigans
User 1: so cool
User 2: and shoes . and solid colored tees . okay yeah sorry girls are going to be all over me in bangalore . and then i've always wanted to get a those mightdress pants . so this . i just took the blue cardigan from here . and they were giving a big bag . like for just one thing . and i had three hugge paper bags with me . so i said i don't want it . and then he's like it's fine np . i was like i am not taking it because i don't wanna use more paper and you can save it for later . and then he's like you can roam around with it and advertise for jnj . i'm like i didn't really sign up for that part you know . and while i was talking another dude came, folder the bag and put it inside the huge bag and is like thank you sir .  ? . like wtf
User 1: omg wow . wtf . oh vv cool
User 2: hi . what have you been upto tell me tell me
User 1: hi
User 2: hii
User 1: i bought cereal and milk !
User 2: out rn will listen in a bit . you back ? ?
User 1: yup
User 2: at friend's wedding function . it's too loud for this . sorry . yeah your earphone mic is to soft
User 1: oh no . i'm whispering . wasn't using the earphone mic . how's it going . text me
User 2: hahaha okay i'll go out and listen after eating some non veggie non veg
User 1: issokie . i ate some theplas . vv yum . yum
User 2: hahahah and you were saying no maddo . bet you miss my  too .
User 1: lmao they're too good . yeah, not as much as you miss my v so
User 2: especially in that cold reminds you of home
User 1: yaa
User 2: yeah man nothing wet enough around here
User 1: okay che shutup
User 2: this meal clearly wasn't good enough like my 31st feast
User 1: so i've decided to journal every night
User 2: imy . aw
User 1: lmao good one
User 2: yeah man did you catch up whatever you didn't write in december ?
User 1: miss you too bbg . na . but i don't wanna forget the crazy stuff that has happened already . and i wanna capture the current feeling . so i don't forget it when this starts to feel normal and routine-like
User 2: but so much happened in the vacation bro . that's fair tho makes sense . yeah okay fuck how you always so right bich . again on the sutta hunt  . i am scared of the person i've beckme . but but . bro so you're not writing anything related to december ?
User 1: shame on you
User 2: okay okay your journal idc  . how many did you smoke haa
User 1: 2 . god
User 2: i was saying because i wanna make a cameo in it mann . but beggars can't be choosers
User 1: ya man i understood . what you doing ? . yeah so . i walked eight km today :p
User 2: and whoever isn't doing that
User 1: honestly sounds boring
User 2: they are ordering hookahs at their tables  . it iss . so we doing this . yeah wtf .
User 1: you also ofc
User 2: it's day one
User 1: 12 .5k steps
User 2:  . okay fuck when you come back please still be chubby
User 1: it was fun tho . what an adventure
User 2: i don't do smoke bro
User 1: out . i'll be skinny you wait
User 2: yeah i heard the vn . you should have disturbed their date  . what will i grab on then ? . assuming that will happen ever again
User 1: ah . least of my worries . i wanna look hot bas . quick tell what's the time there . phone is away . quick . quickk . yeah nvm fo . got it
User 2: yeah idk why i just miss your face too much . jk not jk at all . arghh . so i think you already achieved your goal ?
User 1: wow
User 2: yeah sorry i'm in the future . i never looknin the past anyway
User 1: bro the supermarket dude was nice to me
User 2: tell me
User 1: like i wasn't talking at all . cause i was tired . of clueless faces . so i quietly searched for what i wanted . and reached the chekout area . i just said bonjour . and let him do his job . and i said i'll pay by card . and cause i said it in english he understood i don't know french . so he started speaking in english . and smiled and told me "have a nice day" . i was just happy someone spoke in english to me despite me not asking them :p
User 2: you said that in the afternoon didn't you  . aw
User 1: he told me that first so even i said it . but what's wrong w saying it in the afternoon
User 2: ya you're not the most french looking sorry to sayy . bonjour is good morning not hi
User 1: ya but still people were talking to me in french na . it's hi
User 2: okay yeah english with locals might be a problem hmm . salut is hi . itna i know ya . after eight years 
User 1: both are . salut is more informal i think ?
User 2: nope
User 1: yeah i stay in a suburb . that's why
User 2: o
User 1: bro check google bonjour is hello
User 2: matlab mene igcse mai tp kiya  . but hey if they are saying might as well lell . bro . first day tomorrow . what time do you have to reach at
User 1: salut like saying "hello", while bonjour is like" hello good day or good morning" . but bonjour is used when you don't know the person that well . salut you can say to your friends and family . salut is informal, and some people even say or write 'lut . smd jen . salut is informal . aha . duolingo taught me something
User 2: oh man fine . you do you
User 1: 10:15 am
User 2: uf . stubborn girl . okay okay not badm
User 1: how is this stubborn ?
User 2: how nervous are youu
User 1: very
User 2: mene boldiya toh boldiya bas
User 1: fuck . dude i legit don't know anything . i'm thoda fkd . but i have the umm yeah kinda fkd lmao
User 2: finances . ml . hahhahaha
User 1: yeah both i'm a fkn noob . and i'm sleepy . fuck . but i kinda wanna try my new cereal . even though i'm not really hungry . maybe i'll try tomorrow morning
User 2: seems like a terence problem now :p . it's 8 . 
User 1: ya ikk
User 2: honestly you can start sleeping at like 99:30 everyday
User 1: but
User 2: reapllyy healthy
User 1: it's late in india . yeah i'll do this only
User 2: yeah just stick to our timings until you have too much work lol
User 1: true
User 2: okay now even i'm excited for the abs progress
User 1: just checked nothing is here yet . fkn walked eight km for nothing
User 2: show me i will confirm . :p . yeah kinda doesn't work like that baby . 
User 1: i'm jking man . tryna be cute
User 2: i'm trying to be naughty . bro . itni zyada sweet ho diabetes dedoge . so i'm going for biswa tomorrow . and i realised it's only a thirty people show
User 1: omg !
User 2: and we are 6 . oh fuck
User 1: wtf
User 2: i'm an engineer
User 1: wow
User 2: too much content 
User 1: some one on one action . def
User 2: something i'm craving just the person isn't here what to do . oh god no one should get a bestie like her
User 1: chh
User 2: she texted me outta nowhere . fine man no love for you from now . won't even flirt with you
User 1: chee . bro legit wtf she's such a scam . 'pls give deets' . ughh . these people are too disgusting maan . udhar dikshita thinks that this girl is her bestie . honestly the only thing giving me some confidence for tomorrow is that they liked my work for their technical task . like they didn't have any complaint except for one
User 2: you worked too much for it and you know it . so yeah . just have to work hard everyday now . least you could doo . but she'll get it from me so idk what that says about me 
User 1: yeah tru . too cool . vv risky
User 2: bro forty year old aunties are sitting in circles and doing hookah 
User 1: ya you also suck
User 2: your vag . dude okay muslims have good looks dna . so much make up in this room woow
User 1: 1010 agree . uh . i'm . sleepy . i woke up at like 7 . bro i hope they are nice to me tomorrow . and don't make fun of my limited knowledge
User 2: eh man that's how induction works . remember eom no bitch in which you got a really high grade lol . they'll go easyy . just stretch it today . your sleep cycle will become properr . can't wait to hear your pampering stories . we know that's going to happen . don't sleep
User 1: lmaoo . too tiredd . no . how . i don't know anything . like . i know very very top level
User 2: oh man i wanna cuddle in w you
User 1: hehehehehhehe come . yum
User 2: you top level nigga . i would toh snap you but oh well . you not mw
User 1: dark
User 2: okay don't show me your face
User 1: lmao . okie
User 2: missing you part is increasing exponentially
User 1: i'll delete ?
User 2: no . i want it for dry days . lol
User 1: oh a few chicks replied on bumble bff . wtf . so unnecessary 
User 2: tel mee . locals no
User 1: some are locals . some are also tourists . one is really close . so we are talking about being . meeting . so unnecessary man . oh she's german ! . bro i def wanna meet her . she seems cool
User 2: oo . ask her if her grandfather was in the s .  . oh man . time to switch to bumble date  ?  . but yeah
User 1: yes
User 2: explore with prople . okay
User 1: i should meet her kya ?
User 2: best way to discover a city . if you back out then i'll be pissed
User 1: she drinks and smokes also . lmao . ya so bumble shows that . it shows this and religion and zodiac sign and other cute stuff
User 2: oh i thought it showed only in bumble date that i started using . she's german . ofc she drinks ! . yeah shehe grew up with beer
User 1: accha
User 2: yes you have to meet someone who lives close to you
User 1: oh we chatting properly now
User 2: hmm
User 1: her place is close to my office . using rer a
User 2: post office sutts scene sorted
User 1: lmao . oh she's been here since october
User 2: also don't remember the dare that you have to make everyone say sutta and not cigarettes . oh man . she will show you around properly .  ! . good at least you won't sleep off now
User 1: oh that's for a little later . but pakka . oh bro she's sweet
User 2: yes ofc don't be that weird foreigner itns fast . hahaha tell
User 2: running buddy . uf
User 1: done
User 2: now we'll find out about your bisexual side . 
User 1: oh bro no . bff only . legit i'm too overwhelmed by everything around i cant even begin to think about anything romantic
User 2: who is talking about romantic . i'm talking about nasty . but yeah i can't understand . okay yeah don't fucking skip journal days you're going to regret it
User 1: that also . too overwhelmed . maybe next month idk
User 2: o . cool cool let me know . or don't . lol
User 1: vah that would break the middle ground clause . you better tell me . if you do hook up . and with whom
User 2: eh . you miles away now . who cares about this when you far far
User 1: vah we knew that while making the clause . but okay . i won't tell if you don't want me to
User 2: you do what you want 
User 1: fine
User 2: we both know we both will tell with awkwardness so it's fine . but yeah . you find out if you're straight or not . have my money on not
User 1: i'm just following the clause . cause if the clause is broken . no scene in convocation . it's like you've forgotten everything
User 2: what's going to happen in may and november is we going to party with the group and soon as i give you the look, we going to leave the group, go and fuck on the floor . oh man except the ex's thing it's chill only don't take all these rules and shit
User 1: you made it
User 2: maybe you should remind me what i'm missing . you said you wanted it first :p
User 1: oh accha sure
User 2: you did
User 1: fine okay we can remove that clause if you want
User 2: i'm not saying anything . i won't be fucking dikshita you see your bois lol . idc
User 1: phew okay
User 2: i know when we together we are exclusive and it's late for you to change that .  .
User 1: ya i saw i ignored 
User 2: and then follow that with putting shit on me . yeah you're smart at this .
User 1: fuck i'm so so so so so sleepy . if you meant my face by this then no problemo .  .
User 2: i want to see dark circles . just not the face ones . always know that .
User 1: ew dude
User 1: aren't you at a wedding
User 2: you started by acting smart . there's always a home . i'm not stupid to open here wtf  . hey anushka i'm not a guy like that . uff
User 1: ya but kya ukhadega dekh ke
User 2: 9:30
User 1: i'm too fkn sleepy . i think i'll wake up at like 67 and study
User 2: ukhad that jizz from my balls . yepp
User 1: but you're at a wedding
User 2: good enough time to sleep now . after going back home idiot  . i won't open now . but by the time i reach you'll be asleep . lel . nevermind
User 1: uff
User 2: you just sleep
User 1: it's so late . when's this stuff getting over
User 2: yeah people have started leaving . muslim processions go in for too long and too late
User 1: accha . fuck my eyes are legit falling
User 2: sleep bbg .
User 1: yesterday i passed out w my phone in hand . and woke up at 11 . and switched off the light and all
User 2: yeah you were replying . and suddenly you stopped hahahhah
User 1: ya
User 2: manipal all over again hehehhe
User 1: fuck i forgot where nelly told me to put the dirty dishes . tomorrow morning when i use a bowl . i won't know where to keep iy . she told me not to wash
User 2: clean them then lel . hahaha do you have a dishwasherm
User 1: ya . i think i just keep it in there ?
User 2: duh
User 1: i forgot what she said . cause she told me to take the clean ones from there . lmao . what a conundrum
User 2: don't be itna stressy . might as well be a pest from the beginning . abhi you sleep . we'll talk about the snap you owe me later .  . but honestly just start sleeping early dude
User 1: i don't owe you jack
User 2: that i want . my bad . autocorrect itell you
User 1: i whatsapped her lol . ya sounds oerf . good .
User 2: crave . okay this autocorrect is so bad uff . okay sleep nush
User 1: oh getting better . two mins
User 2: just like your v over the night
User 1: man
User 2: somethings shouldn't change true true .
User 2: i can keep going 
User 1: not now bbg
User 2: dude he introduced his fiance . and my friend is like this is her
User 1: accha
User 2: who was the one you were with yesterday . 
User 1: smart  . how's my instaa story scene . very aesthetic na
User 2: itne colors kaha dekhne milte hai  . just like the owner of the account . mashallah . bhagwan ka pharishta . okay don't say two mins and then pass out chut
User 1: im here . sorry . was talking to nelly . oh she's such a darling . fuck . i said bonne nuit to her and she got vv happy :p . and she heard about my adventure w the travel pass and she was very proud . because of the strike and all . it's hard to get it
User 2: hey passed out girl . all the best for you first day . remember they chose chose you . be thoda nervous and try to feel at home . atb
User 1: i'm up
User 1: i'll try
User 2: oh man you got a free mom
User 1: but thank you jen ly
User 2: bfly .
User 1: when do you leave ?
User 2: just didd
User 1: legit
User 2: yep perfect for first day
User 1: she's so worried about me eating dude
User 2: be extrovert tomorrow
User 1: she asked me again and again . how i'm gonna eat
User 2: ya
User 1: cause the fridge only has milk . and the cupboard only has cereal
User 1: now i wanna buy stuff just so she thinks i'm eating . she doesn't know about the theplas i downed
User 2: you fucking eat df . offer her you arrogant bitch . oh man you don't know manners
User 1: dude i gave her a gift also . i'm just ashamed about theplas lmao
User 2: ohh i didn't know
User 1: i'll give her a packet
User 2: what kind of indian are you . what did you give
User 1: bro i don't eat theplas in india
User 2: tel
User 1: and i'm eating them in paris
User 2: honestly honestly doesn't get more indian than this
User 1: this purse type thing w indian embroidery and shit . and she said it goes w her summer outfits
User 2: heheheh
User 1: hahaha ya . 
User 2: hey anushka . please sleep . and well . need it for tomorrow . can't wait to hear about your day :)
User 1: ya true . scared . anyway goodnight . hate saying bye bye
User 2: in the car now just left
User 1: good good . sleep well . goodnight
User 2: somethings will never change and hey that's what i hope continues . id say bfly but i will not be ignored again . do goodnight imy .
User 1: man i said ly . but yes . ofcc
User 2: na don't want it .
User 1: goodnight, miss you too .  . is that a sutta . sorry low brightness
User 2: luck for your first day
User 1: sowwy
User 2: only for you
User 1: it looks like a heart so pretty
User 2: oh fuckk it does . well my feelings for you . nothing more nothing less .
User 1: ya that's why i sent this . cause on low brightness you can't see the sutta
User 2: hehehejje . good you're seeing the main part
User 1: yas
User 2: how much are you texting after gn 
User 1: but yo . too many cigs . for you . aaj
User 2: you ain't my gf . you can't tell me . shit
User 1: yeah so i'm telling you as a friend
User 2: we know whose fault that is
User 1: try not smoking tomorrow maybe ? . or smoke only one
User 2: i'm doing crumbss
User 1: you smoke at least 6-7 today . right ?
User 2: i'll confess only to my gf . yes .
User 1: smoked . it was more, wasn't it ?
User 2: je ne sais pas .
User 1: okay i'm going, don't tell me idc . bye
User 2: bye . hi
User 1: hey gm . what is this ?
User 2: oh you got the fancy cereal cute . first cousins, who lives in my building only, dadi passed away . so was there all morning . their lunch is also at our place today so too many people going to be at home . rip packing . so the studying is not going to happen  . finally got offer letter . only 25k smh
User 1: oh . shit
User 2: so just did that with chai . whenever i come here for xerox i get attracted to that place uf
User 1: how much is rent ? . lmao
User 2: including everything minus the excluding lunch because that's not included it'll be around 15k . ishh
User 1: that's good dude
User 2: really wanted to be independent aiyo . 10isj k in a metropolitan you mad ? . everyday i go out here i spend around 1-2k
User 1: yeah but your transport expenses are zero na
User 2: o that's tru
User 1: so not too bad . and you start cooking on your own . and save money and go out on weekends only
User 2: i can't have beautiful omelettes everyday no . but yeah weekends i'll save by cooking omelettes only
User 1: vah
User 2: you think with rush it'll be weekends only ?  . what are you planning to do about food bro on a serious note
User 1: i'm slowly gonna figure it out . weekdays i'm sorted . cause i'm getting that meal card thingy . idk about weekends . i'll go shopping today also . i'll google simple things i can make
User 2: at office only no ?
User 1: ya
User 2: cutes . but dinner ? . okay tell me what all you make . argh let's do adulting together
User 1: yaa . i'll se
User 2: get ready omg it's office time . even i'm getting nervous  . sorry . but woho
User 1: yeahh . i'm fkd
User 2: don't think about the studying thing . but did you go through it all ? . nevermind this then  . oh they gonna laugh at this laptop . what if when they want to start talking about you they switch to french ?
User 1: can you stop .  . i'll leave at 9:30 . it's nine now
User 2: hahaha okay i'll be supportivee . 9:03
User 1: will easily reach by 9:50
User 2: how long did it take you yesterday ?
User 1: or ten
User 2: o
User 1: and i've to meet him at 10:15
User 2: okay not bad . just enter at 10 . early bird gets the worm . hey nush you got this . being nervous won't help things .
User 1: ya . 
User 2: feel the environment, feel lucky and go with the flow . no pressure . 
User 1: phew . you say no pressure and my heart rate went up . cause i take pressure
User 2: poop it out . like i'm doing rn 
User 1: thankfully i worked on a little nosql in microsoft . bro legit too much of ms is proving helpful
User 2: yeah because it was fucking ms . if you good enough for them, then you too good for a startup
User 1: lmao . no no
User 2: also . for bye . au revoir . it's pronounced as one word . auvoir . so don't mess that up . 
User 1: okay thanks
User 2: yeah you ready ready according to moi . atb baby girl . kinda busy now . text me during lunch okie ? . or like in between lol idc
User 1: thanks
User 2: i'll reply soon :)
User 1: take care . hope all goes smoothly at home todya .
User 2: yes nothing wrong as such . just need to get things packed and everything and then meet people and then the show . lol kinda feel nice you're not using that group with sohan for links :p . jkjk . okay i'm going to be away for a bit . atb anushka . don't fuck up . ly 
User 1: reached phew
User 2: atb
User 1: thanks yo . kinda freaking
User 2: it's just the first day . they are equally nervous to make you feel comfortable so eh works . how was your first halff
User 1: hii
User 2: start the story with . bro . go .
User 1: yum . too tired . i'm leaving abhi
User 2: how was your day
User 1: went well . one sec
User 2: yes yes text me everything soon
User 1: woaah . that's small
User 2: hey . why you no tell me . hello
User 1: heyo . how's it going . it's over ?
User 2: just got done . okay why aren't you telling me about your day
User 1: i'm just too tired to type . but went well . it's gonna be tough though . i feel like a lot of key pivotal changes will need to be suggested by me . and that's thoda stressing out . but i need to learn this . i can't be the one constantly taking instructions na ? . v different from ms . so . turns out . terence is just 24 . why does everyone look old af
User 2: that's truee . yel . very big no . startup had that issue . like i was just in4tg sem . but you're more prepared now
User 1: yeah so now i'm kind of going through event data that they have caught
User 2: what . that's a young ceo
User 1: and i need to yse and produce some good results thay they can put in their pitch deck
User 2: what ?
User 1: ya dide . idek how he's so smart and perceptive
User 2: okay this is scary at .
User 1: he works a little too fast for me though . i feel thoda dumb
User 2: that's what you know for now . you'll catch up
User 1: dude he knows everything
User 2: no language character atleast no ?
User 1: he legit works twenty-four hours .  ? . proper english only . he bought me food today lmao i was low-key happy cause i didn't have to pay cause it was expensive
User 2: barrier . heheheh . cute
User 1: but from monday i have a ten euro per day allowance
User 2: needed when you a ceo so that's cool . hehhe yay . enough junk for you . loll
User 1:  ?
User 2: are you tired or are you thoda overwhelmed fro . today . nothing
User 1: no but some of the points he was making were legit vv original, or at least i hadn't heard of it . and he's a major go getter . what i didn't see in ms . he has a problem . he solves ot
User 2: that's needed that k god
User 1: man he learnt poora coding so fast . proper ml data science stuff . he knows so much . and he's just twenty-four
User 2: bro that's needed omg .  .y internship the dude didn't know jack
User 1: apart from his finance stuff
User 2: r en like about cnns
User 1: like he never studied coding
User 2: that's why it was so bad
User 1: he has a business and finance degree . he's done masters in that
User 2: yeah stalked him lol
User 1: so his masters ka algo is the basis on which he started this . lmao
User 2: but how do you see the company progressing . like in your future
User 1: yeah they def need funding fast
User 2: interesting things again . ?
User 1: so we were discussing streams of income that he's planned . so cool . like he's always on the look out for new info . i feel like one idiot in front of him :p
User 2: good managerial properties . you'll learn cutes
User 1: yeah he's a chainsmoker 
User 1: been smoking since he was fourteen
User 2: you talk about all this one day one hahahah
User 1: dude he smoked at least five only in front of me . bro we had one two hour lunfh
User 2: where but
User 1: where we discussed a lot of stuff . outside the building
User 2: hahahaha
User 1: before lunch . after lunch
User 2: cutte . did you 
User 1: i didn't smoke
User 2: wtf . fucking idiot
User 1: maybe tomorrow . monday . i did mention that i smoke . he came to drop me down, he smoked again
User 2: hahah . yayy . good one . good day
User 1: we spoke about  also 
User 1: pros of him being so yping
User 2: what did he sayy
User 1: nothing, he enjoys it and all
User 2: what about your amsterdam trips ?
User 1: we laughed a little about it . so he said he's gonna take me ! . apparently there's some church that's been turned into a data science school ( ?) . and it's beautiful . monday onwards he won't be there . it'll be me and ilya
User 2: omg . fuck . woah . that was one of the main aims hhahahah . beauty
User 1: ya dude i really had to contain my happiness
User 2: how many timess
User 1: that and all i didn't ask . dude he asked me if according to indian standards this one indian dude was hot  . dude we got real chill real quick . we were discussing stereotypes
User 2: y'all have been talking for long now . was he 
User 1: dude i didn't wanna say he's not  . so i kinda just went "ehh" . and he's like, "no comment is a comment ?" . ya so he thought everyone believes in the caste system . and the untouchables and all . i died
User 2: wtf . yeah people don't know indians fucks
User 1: bro apparently someone in the bank he used to work at . had some indian colleague . and he refused to talk to another indian . cause he was from a lower caste or something . and i just told him that that's super rare and i've not witnessed it lmao tried to save our asses in front of the french boy
User 2: of the french . all of them
User 1: lmao
User 2: oh man he is too good . see i told you you didn't have to be scared . except for work lol
User 1: ya but work wise . lmao exactly
User 2: we too alike we know it
User 1: his anniversary is tomorrow . and him and his gf met in amsterdam only . so she's also going w him on this work trip . super cute
User 2: you'll meet her to !
User 1: no no . he's going akele tomorrow . for some work . but the trips are frequent . and i told him about the french stereotype when it comes to men  . and he was also saying that he's heard it before
User 2: which are ?
User 1: apparently in amsterdam they kept telling him, "ohh terence is french all he thinks about is sex" . like, they're v flirty and all that
User 2: hahahha . their language is flirty . oh man . that's such a perfect day . i'm hapy . fridaayy nighht
User 1: phew workwise i'm fkd . too fkd
User 2: you'll cope . mar mar ke complete higa
User 1: dude ifek
User 2: like manipal . you're using their laptop ? ?
User 1: yaa . terence said it will be easier
User 2: okay . you studying ?
User 1: yeah i'll try but i get too tired by the evening
User 2: cutee . okay good one induction . it's okay
User 1: so he sends these mails to a ton of people . anyone who he networks with . and he networks a lot . idk how he keeps so many people on the tip of his tongue
User 2: with age . and time . lit
User 1: he's legit just three years elder than us and fuck . dude it's so entrepreneurial out here . idk . maybe i just haven't seen that culture in india . but it's so crazy . nobody does the conventional thing . and he asked me if in india the parents decide what the kids do . ye toh sach hai . 
User 2: yep not in india but it's not bad twenty-four is too young for a long term profitability
User 1: so i told him that that is the case for a lot of families
User 1: and i mentioned that it isn't for mine 
User 2: ofc
User 1: i had a nice journey back . it was eight degrees . i smoked one on the way back from my metro stop . and work at like 9:30ish . from monday
User 2: eh not bad at all . just one for today ? . cheap
User 1: 9-5 type . man i dont wanna smoke be happy . i'm not craving it that much akash . also
User 2: eh i'll find a new partner who does . should be ezpz
User 1: i'm actually glad . cause i legit saw a dude smoking so much in front of me . aka terence
User 2: yeah wtf . o still can't believe that tbh . oo yes i'm not j dw . jelly
User 1: arey i'm saying that i saw someone smoke so much and still didn't crave it that much
User 2: i understood . nevermind you won't understand . i thought you were being specific on purpose because you saidna guy
User 1: ya i'm . ik . i just wanted to be clear . 
User 2: okaii . time do bumble dates bro . aren't you going out ? . it's aafreens birthday . and they are having a sleepover . so we are going to their building and will tell them to come down . cute . won't meet her tomorrow . hey . you asleep ?
User 1: hey . i passed out again man
User 2: figured
User 1: ugh . hate this
User 2: when did you switch off your lights lol
User 1: idk dude . i woke up
User 2: before 8 ? ! . 
User 1: and i cleaned some things up . 
User 2: how is your jet lag been going on for so long  . cutie . you passed out on your first friday night . we cover our peepee because we don't trust anyone . and it's just automatic now 
User 1: wtf  .  ?
User 2: ecstasy 
User 1: you did ?
User 2: nono it is for aafreen lonavala trip . how's it with marie
User 1: aw nice . she suggested we go for coffee todayy . or tomorrow . she an au pair . which basically means she helps some family here in return for a little money and food
User 2: help how ?
User 1: take care of kids . keep the house clean
User 2: o
User 1: and she gets a place to stay also . in the house . but she mentioned she has a few problems w the host family . so legit everyone on bumble had this written . a lot of people take a gap year before joining college . and this is what they do in the gap year . wyd abhi
User 2: ooh
User 1: how was last night
User 2: but like they earn it just free stay ? . lol gossip on date . leaving for airpoet . wait
User 1: waiting . excited ? . bro i saw your linkedin post i died . wry
User 2: hi sorry . parents left an hour back for some thing related to yesterdays death . so was alone . watched some tv . ate the last good roti is a very long time . so kinda bumped out about that .  . like itt . so since it was a small crowd even a little talking is disturbing . biswa got pretty pissed at this dude . who from the first row was talking and trying to click his picture . he's like where are you from . and that dude is like new delhi . and then biswa is like say no moree and then everyone diedd . so his planned stand up wasbobv god . the experimental part, which in hindsight i'm sure he wrote when he was high, was very wel thought out but because of his mood it didn't go the best . and then he dropped water on his mac . like a lot of it . so yeah understandable . and after that humaid, like the joker of the group did his own standup on us in the car . we were six people sitting congested uff too much love  . and yeah when i was texting you i was high as ballss . brownies hit different heheh . i didn't say because you were talking about your day and you would stop thenn . and then we chilled with aafreen shailly . wished her and ate so much cake . yeah i had too much sugar lol . but yeah definitely a perf last night . with school friends there's never bt only 
User 1: omg so cute . sounds too cute holy shit  . aw
User 2: yeah and i just completed the book in the car so i start cosmos there kol . bro so much saman i couldn't carry 
User 1: holy shit so proud man . weak  energy
User 2: should have taken air india . you sure that's what i have ?
User 1: aw . student ticket man
User 2: yeah i've never booked one  . lost my combo xard . library csrd
User 1: ya even i didn't have remembered . remember . i showed slcm . it worked
User 2: like i don't have any proof that's not electronic that in from manipal . loll . oh yeah
User 1: what a bum . okay i really wanna meet marie today . found another nice girl on bumble
User 2: not as cute as yourss . yess . please sleep in the afternoon so that you get your cycle normal
User 1: ugh
User 2: for paris, not india .
User 1: won't happen man . i don't wanna be in the house in the afternoon
User 2: itna toh you sleep in the afternoon . one day is all it takes to get normal . you'll be a dud with marie if you are sleepy hahahha . showw . bro my driver is so slow . omfg . ha gonna make me late . like he's actually to fucking slow
User 1: bro i slept for ten hours at least . what time is your flight ? . bro the food at la defense is so good . so yesterday i had this lasagne which was so nice and this green juice which was heavenly . i was so stuffed till the end of the day
User 2: tell me this when you're dead by 7:30pm . 2:35pm
User 1: like i ate a khakhra at night bas
User 2: chlorophyll fixx . 
User 1: that's disgusting
User 2: hahahahhaha
User 1: this was so good dude
User 2: you don't say that to my shizz . rude .
User 1: how far are you omg
User 2: yeah i'm scared ? . a bit
User 1: eta ?
User 2: there's too much fucking traffic . 1:11
User 1: haan that's okay . not bad dude . it's chill . t1 ?
User 2: but the way he's driving add just some time . argh . fucks
User 1: okay calm
User 2: anyway
User 1: tell him . thoda late ho raha hai
User 2: yeah i told him that if he doesn't drive fast i'm taking the wheel
User 1: had one nice poop after yesterday's green drink
User 2: yeah man i will miss shitting in my washroom
User 1: not kidding man
User 2: yeahh
User 1: it was too good . fullstop and all .
User 2: i know those satisfying ones
User 1: that good .
User 1: same
User 2: okay so we in that phase of relationship where we start talking about satisfying poops . cute . how's your room ka washroom ? since i received no selfies from in there i don't know  . you slept with earrings on ?  . chee aise selfies nahi chaiye . don't want to get scared like this uf
User 1: i don't take them off ever . get used to it sowwy
User 2: the sky looks like smoothly applied butter on a good piece of sourghdough .  . theek hai idhar nahi milega toh kidhar aur sahi . did you go to that bakery ?
User 1: no . i'll go abhi
User 2: it's close no ?
User 1: bro this people sleep so much . yaa
User 2: saturday man let them 
User 1: these . no like in general their mornings start v late
User 2: o brekiiee timee
User 1: their day starts at sunrise . which is so late . i'll make myself a little bowl of cereal yum
User 2: thought it would be the other way round tbh but oh well . no . coffees and baguettes . only
User 1: i wanna go to the same cafe i went to on the first day
User 2: man i want to know your reaction when you have your first real baguette . cute
User 1: alsoalso . terence and ibwere discussing about how people wear makeup . a lot over here . and he thought i was wearing makeup . i think i got my first compliment over here . cause i wasn't  . reached ? . it's 1:16
User 2: kajal and lipstick you weree
User 1: no lipstick . wowowowoowoww . took a bathie
User 2: dudee . so idk why . i'm pretty numb about this
User 1: haan
User 2: like when i was entering the airport . didn't feel like oh going to a new life . and all
User 1: i think cause you've stayed out before . like in your own apartment . and also it already feels like home
User 2: bro a chick came and asked me if she can borrow my cig to light hers and i staight up pointed to the electric thing 
User 1: cause so many people you know are there
User 2: what a df i am
User 1: lmao . it's okay you did the right thing only
User 2: idek
User 1: it's easier to do it w that
User 2: no she's was a pro
User 1: so you're saying she just wanted to start a convo hm
User 2: she didn't fumble like us .  . yeah she was looking at me when i left . these specs bro uff
User 1: uff
User 2: too hot
User 1: was she hot ?
User 2: she said she can't reach that height . and she was take than you so . kinda . our age def . okay i shouldn't do that frim now on smh
User 1: uff . go talk to her . and tell her sorry
User 2: leftt . yeah did that ofc . i wanna meet non smokers mann . i just bought a twenty pack smh . bensen is too hard . i feel light headed lol
User 1: omg . i'm ulta . i wanna meet smokers . like, light smokers . yaa this is what i didn't buy . cause i overheard that convo . that's why i bought milds .  !
User 2: yeah because that's easier way to socialise abroad . here i tell people that i did engineering and they'll be like oh we understand your hardships . followed by me asking them do you stone . hehehhe . wanna meet stoners in my pg for sure
User 1: haan . lmao
User 2:  . i didn't want goldflake man it's a peasant sutta
User 1: so marie wants to go to this cafe called ibrik kitchen . yaa . bro it looks too expensive  . oh wait i think i'm seeing the wrong one
User 2: don't be that girl . fucking nob
User 1: yeah you come and spend one thousand rupees on one small thing
User 2: arre you can't convert now since you're not on a vacation . duhh . 15-20 euros for a cute cafe outting seems fair
User 1: rich fuck
User 2: says the person earning in euros ? !
User 1: oh the one she chose is cheap
User 2:  . bro even she works for a living without earning a lot
User 1: yeaah
User 2: cutee
User 1: but she's from germany . she's probably used to these prices
User 2: i hope y'all hit it off . tru
User 1: okay the cafe is too cute
User 2: meet her and you'll find it . let me see . so small aww
User 1: insane reviews . 4 .4
User 2: dude all these small shops are very normal sized for you no
User 2: places where you get those beautiful veggie looking dishes . how many km you going to jog today since it's a holiday
User 1: :( . don't be mean . here i'm talking about stuffing myself in this cafe
User 2:  for cheap . okie
User 1: since she smokes socially i'd love to smoke w her man . ya
User 2: i'll get ripped alone . let's see how many you do today :p
User 1: so my lunchr card i can use from monday-saturday i think
User 2: where but
User 1: a lot of restaurants . not just in la defense i think
User 2: ten euro thing ?
User 1: yup
User 2: o . perf
User 1: then i dont mind splurging in random places . otherwise if i splurge everyday . it would be bad
User 2: time for that adulting . arghh you have that euro thing stopping you from spendingb . i need an incentive . too
User 1: ya dude it sucks too much . why is inr so weak man
User 2: what i would give to be in your place smh . you seen the politics right . that
User 1: yaa rhetorical question
User 2: you out now ?
User 1: nooe . i'll have some cereal . then go . and have a croissant or something
User 2: okay no please try to go to a bakery
User 1: okiee
User 2: you need to have that bread 
User 1: in the plane ?
User 2: yess . okay people going to bangalore don't dress like the student planes to manipal hahaha . ah when will me moving got be . hit me
User 1: hahahahhaa . i think once office routine starts
User 2: and i'm still sitting next to an uggo . such is luck . ah . they said 8hours excluding lunch . proper 8-5 . 
User 1: ya even i thought i'll sit next to some hot french guy and turns out its a muslim grandmom (np tho she was the sweetest) . woah . fuck . that's a lot . you come to paris . it'll be damn fun
User 2: yeah but still i can understand the disappointment completely . won't be ming there def
User 1: ya dude there was a hot french dude at the airport also
User 2: so na .
User 1: why not
User 2: but yes fuck it's been 3 .5 years since i've been abroad . must . go .
User 1: it's been twenty-one years for me
User 2: you'll be in a proper relationship by the time i 
User 1: oh accha
User 2: so you didn't know what you were missing . 
User 1: the only date i'm going on is w a girl so that she becomes my bff here . hatt sale
User 2: i want to drive abroad . go to a club . nothing i've done since i wasn't 18 . for now
User 1: oh ya
User 2: become a localite and then get rolling on the dates
User 1: man okay since you're asking me so much i'll download tinder
User 2:  . feel free
User 1: okie
User 2: tell me if you get to suck a d thnaks 
User 1: nah i wont tell you
User 2: start your day man . can't waste that daylightt
User 1: you only told me not to . true
User 2: i never did . you say if you wanna
User 1: fkn ungrateful bum i was staying here texting you till you take off . i'm proper ready . i don't want to . but i will if we reinstate the middle ground
User 2: noo . i'll be here only the sun will go awayb
User 1: kbye
User 2: okay then you should do what you don't wanna . you bound by no rulez
User 1: lmao . ya the middle ground ensured that
User 2: truth .
User 1: but okay man . looks like you don't want the middle ground
User 2: ya man fine you want me to say it then yes i want it reinstated and you cant like white  more .
User 1: col
User 2: uff you know how to break me . respond . it took a lotta losing ego to type this .
User 1: ik ily for thaat
User 2: ae man . don't hurt me like this . kitna you want me to miss you
User 1: ya so even i want it reinstated so perf
User 2: you act cool by ignoring few messages i've noticed . now you see . well i'm tih just ensuring i have a good two days everytime i go to manipal . what other reason could there be
User 1: okay chalo then . safe flight kiddo . i'll go make myself some cereal . i'm hungry
User 2: yep snap me your pretty food
User 1: then i'll leave for a walk
User 2: choke on  .
User 1: and whenever marie decides to meet i'll go
User 2: or jog . but unlikely
User 1: shutup . 
User 2: yes please tell me all cute things . bye . 
User 1: will do okay i'm excited . bye bbg . take care . send pics
User 2: you first ;););) . like the ones i was promised . but eh . long distance i understand .  . jk . okay i out . ly . i landed
User 1: ayy . how do you feel . wry now
User 2: stupid that i have my jacket in hand because it's sunny af
User 2: i booked an ola for seven hundred and fifty but canned it because bus is cheaper . so in the bus rn
User 1: luggage
User 2: feel good in saving that money . there's space for it . yeah i need to get rid of the bensen . i literally couldn't finish it 
User 1: okie
User 2: and that girl again came and asked this uncle for a sutta
User 1: so i slept
User 2: these hoes ain't loyal . 
User 1: wtf . i'll go out now to the supermarket
User 2: its lunch time  . did you leave even once
User 1: and buy stuff so i can cook at home . no . i was reading . and having cereal
User 2: salesman ? . ohh i'm excited okay tell me what all you get even i'll get all that today . must make meals tomorrow
User 1: yeah i'm too scared . idk what to buy . i'm just gonna have a look atound
User 2: and hope there's a video of how to easily make xx . hehehe . i'm so fucking hungry bro
User 1: go out ajd eat
User 2: i'm still in the bus bro . haven't reached . getting acquainted with the infamous bangalore traffic . wry
User 1: i'm at an italian place . idk how i ended up here . but i ordered a pizza lmao
User 2: hahaha because you're hungry and can't make food for shit . snap please . at least some of my hunger dies
User 1: man no way i'm cooking aaj . but i got a few ideas
User 1: i took a stroll of the supermarket
User 2: what all did you get
User 1: it'll make it worse but onie . didn't buy yet . i'll buy otw back . cause i dont wanna carry it around w me . man they eat pizza with knife and fork
User 2: yeah smartt . remember the values ive taught you
User 1: okay this is good . sorry i'm eating w knife and fork . i give up
User 2: don't be the one pressurized with the social issues when you're right . show . okay it looks good but the utensils . okay this is a proper turn off
User 1: lmao . sorry . i don't wanna look like an idiot here
User 2: well you are smh . bro . i already found my sutta thela . and the next door hairdresser started talking to me . he's like aajana idhar . mumbai wale log hai
User 1: aw . so sweet man . i miss that about india
User 2: oh bro this building is in some shady area
User 1: what happ
User 2: but as soon as you enter the property it's just modern sff
User 1: that's nice
User 2: nothing like really narrow streets with no street lights kinda place
User 1:  milega pakka
User 2: tujhe nahi milega  . ask marie !
User 1: amsterdam me legal  fookoongi . yaa . she's also not a local tho so :0 . :p
User 2: kitna chalega dekhege . hehhee
User 1: ya i can't finish the pizza . no way man .
User 2: but she's here since october
User 1: let's se
User 2: did i really sleep with the right girl . yeah i have a really good feeling about this
User 1: bro it's too much . i finished half of it tho
User 2: hehehje . it's okay
User 1: thanks
User 2: it'll be your supperr
User 1: and i've to leave by 2:30 to reach the plave by three
User 2: fifteen mins . fastfast . you're meeting her first !
User 1: okay should i say this in french
User 2: no she's german . she doesn't care about french either
User 1: "can i get this to go" . for the pizza man
User 2: oh . just ask for a takeaway
User 1: i'm so scared
User 2: if they don't understand . then just say pack it bitch . yeah you need to stop this . you are one of them . you were so scared in manipal also kya
User 1: noo . aah . okay he smiles and said, "takeaway ?" . phew i'm happy . i'll go quickly keep it in my house . and leave !
User 2: or take pizza . nothing like bonding over pizza . okay my room is cute . but smaller than pragati also . my roommate isn't here but has murakami in his collections . sounds smart
User 1: woah . bro
User 2: bro my roommate is vacating on monday
User 1: looks cute . oh shit lmao
User 2: tell
User 1: the voice in the train said . "reminder, no smoking or baking is allowed on this train"
User 2:  . i think they meant it literally
User 1: man 
User 2: so i'm already drinking  . like these guys i found at the terrace smoking . and they are like bhet ja . one is from . doc 
User 1: omg so cool . drunk ? . bro thsi strike is so pissing off . half of the shit foesnt work . i'm stuck at this bus stop . even she got delayed but she's reached now
User 2: i had a beer man . they've chilled with pranjal too . yeah finally i'm in a cold city . how far are you
User 1: i think i'll walk one km . man . sad . omg lmao
User 2: yeah get used to that its good only
User 1: a bus is coming
User 2: they have vat69 too 
User 1: its here
User 2: yayy . good you'll stay chubby . i had nandos . hey you back ?
User 1: aw . hehe cute . are you free ? .  . broo pick up . i'm watching modern love . i'm vrying in every episode
User 2: you watched a lot of modern family wow
User 1: oh you're up !
User 2: yeah sorry love i was tired . so slept . just woke up and checked my phone rn . hi . what happened ! . look at this cunt . oh sorry divya sent this . anyway hi . text fast
User 1: hi hi
User 2: how was your outing . what you doingg . how are you still up lol . it ended no . fuck . i have to see the last season . no hotstar oop
User 1: on prime . wait who am i talking to
User 2: wtf . jenjen . arre she sent this on my pc for gossip . lol
User 1:  ? . okay . you wanna talk later ?
User 2: i want to hear about your day before i sleep
User 1: wait wry . i'm so confused
User 2: i woke up in the middle of the night and i wanna catch up with my ex but she's being a little difficult
User 1: send pix . now i understood
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: hehe cutes
User 2: verified ?
User 1: no i just wanted a pic
User 2: that's all k wanted from you as well but oh well . wanna video call for a bit ? i can show you the property and you can tell me about your day ?
User 1: phew i'm a little emotional rn . yeah okie
User 2: wait . already broke the second lol
User 1: lmao . break asap ty
User 2: doc guy gave me dealers number 
User 1: hahaha done
User 2: you snap me . imy .
User 1: i'm tjinking if i should smoke or not . miss you too .
User 2:  . full forms and shit
User 1: i still think okay
User 2: i can't believe i woke up in the middle of the night for a second and just spoke to you for an hour outta nowhere
User 1: heheheheh . i do that too peeps oopsies . to
User 2: yeah please loosen your grasp on me . it's getting hard . pun intenedd
User 1: ofc
User 2: intended . doesn't mean it wasn't a lie .
User 1: man 
User 2: okay i don't wanna be disappointed again . smoke if you want . i suggest you do hehe . i'll talk to you on the morrow
User 1: okay . yeah, bye .
User 2: arre i'm not being mean  . goodnight hon
User 1: gn . yep, not smoking .
User 2: what will you doo
User 1: slep .
User 2: uf . okay then
User 1: yep . bonne nuit a vous aussi . okay we should talk in french . so i'm forced to learn some prepositions and words that are basically not nouns . so that i can construct sentences . heres a song for you . sugar by brockhampton . heres a song for you . wait by m83 . heres a song for you . lemon tree by fools garden . some stuff i heard on the l
User 2: ya european languages have that . and like hindi things have genders
User 1: even french has genders na . gm . tell me how brunch goes
User 2: yepp . it's very weird when you get it wrong . oh man . so like she comes and she looks at me  . and she's just like bc . she comes at my table and says oh so you're also living here . i'm like clearly since i'm having food . 
User 1: she actually said this ?
User 2: and then literally just left . her expression da
User 1: okay okay
User 2: then after food i was i went outside for a smoke and i told her chal come out
User 1: didn't divya tell her ?
User 2: no bro .  . divya wants drama only
User 1: che
User 2: that's why she texted last night . asking if something happened . but yeah so we went in the ps4 room because it was hot i was like yeah let's get the awkwardness out now only in day 1 . and then just kinda caught up . yeah she really is the same fucking person . ishh
User 1: ay that sounds nice
User 2: like no growth what so ever
User 1: lmao
User 2: we'll see how it goes over the weeks
User 1: at least it'll not be weird now
User 2: and she's surprised that she doesn't know which jenit i am
User 1: huh ?
User 2: she's like you've changed . and then said a lot three times . oh yeah it felt nice to catch up without enmity . and then we spoke about family stuff because lot of shit is going on in her fam . and she's kinda likes the dude she cheated on me with loll . and we spoke about you for a bit
User 1: was this after talking to you or before ? . ofc it's kind of necessary i guess ? . oh accha how's it going ? . accha
User 2: towards the end . yeah man especially cos i'm living here . like first brunch only she saw
User 1: oh that's a good ting i guess ?
User 2: so might as well
User 1: the fact that you changed ? . did she mention good or bad
User 2: she's weird about that too . man idk how i dated such a kid . definitely . who cares what she thinks lol . i know i've changed for the better
User 2: she's like you're talking to me  like you made a new friend . i'm like yeah that's kinda the point no
User 1: yaas
User 2: sorry for not replying . couldn't be rude like using the phone is na . but yeah definitely a good long talk . i ended with let me know if you unblock me anywhere . bro . apparently during the sem i might have drunk called the cheating wala dude . fuck
User 1: haan ofc
User 2: idek . don't remember it at al . too embarrassing
User 1: wtf
User 2: instagram call . fuck
User 1: pagal . 
User 2: okay thank you for getting me out of that phase anushka . ily .
User 1: omg hahahaha i didn't do anything man . it's all you
User 2: cool then no credit to you  . how the lazy sunday going girl
User 1: good good . so i'm feeling this internal disconnect
User 2:  ?
User 1: i thought i should just tell you . like . i can't really describe it . but something is cluttered
User 2: disconnected to which feelings
User 1: idk what . to myself
User 2: even with the alone and immense amounts of alone time ?
User 1: yeah . it's likr i'm not thinking . which i don't like
User 2: theek hai . tbh even i started feeling that after coming here . like these guys went drinking last night and i was like i'm going to listen to music alone and smoke . which i did . kinda got bored of it is the surprising psrt . okay i understand the can't explain part
User 1: i think i fidured it out a little . i'm not thinking enough . i think . i guess i've been occupied w getting set up here . and doing all the touristy things . and i'm always a little anxious being somewhere . cause nobody speaks english where i libe . live . and that worry doesn't allow me to think . about genuine things
User 2: ohh . okay kinda makes sense . you're conscious about living there .
User 1: like i dont feel comfortable at places na
User 2: like the pizza thing
User 1: like . i'm too worried about these pointless things to think about me . man i cry too easy
User 2: losing yourself is scary . but you know what . work is going to be in full force soon enough . spend time on that . and then when you get tired from all that
User 1: yeah let's see
User 2: you won't be thinking about your acceptance in a new city . so in the spare time you'll get better quality thinking time
User 1: hmm
User 2: i think i made sense there . so yeah . you expect too much out of yourself . you not wanting to plan thing is like your habit . why can't it be with thoughts too . like bakwas mat socho itna
User 1: cool
User 2: and you can clutter in this particular whatsapp chat :)
User 1: yep, thank you
User 2: what's itching your brain rn tell . like in abstract
User 1: how you think it's bakwas
User 2: that oh just because you're alone you're supposed to think and have a self connection and all . sometimes due to external factors it just won't happen . and it's fine . like it's cause for concern . but tension lene see which problem has solved itself
User 1: yes, which is what i said . yeah tension is the first step of realisation . only then will i actively make a change . i'm used to having certain things on my mind when i'm alone and not having them feels a little hollow that's it .
User 2: yes this is the problem i think . for your mood . like . let life go on for once ? . i understand . kinda annoying when you have nothing to do or think . this is the solution i was trying to give you . but eh . you're going to handle it your way anyways
User 1: hmm yeah . no it's not that at all def . but yeah i'll try . gonna keep today light
User 2: cute . good girl . go for some chai sutta . less sutta is making you think to much  . okay on a different note . guess who will mostly be my roommate . snh . yeah this drama won't stop . mostly its rishab guha
User 1: oh damn
User 2: you tell me how to handle your bois man . they won't leave me alone
User 1: yeah even i hope it's not guha
User 2: what's his scene with you and how much does he know are the main questions
User 1: all good only . we don't talk much . but yesterday he messaged me wishing me luck for paris . it's chill only . i don't know if he knows about you, i never spoke about you . umm sorry if i sounded cold
User 2: oh man you mad or what lol . o . things aren definitely not going my way . maybe next city
User 1: what happened
User 2: yeah i asked, he's going to be my roommate
User 1: it's okay . won't be a problem
User 2: easy to say from a different time zone bich . should have chup chap moved with arusha and sahil andnall .  . sent them a mail already to change my place 
User 1: omg hahaha
User 2: hello . sorry . wanna know about your day
User 1:  . some things
User 2: which means you're clearly not trying hard enough . okay i made my hair and shut . makes me look like a stick in that mirror but yeah looks nice normally don't judge . so what you doing without music hehe
User 1: man i think its for rolling the tobacco . sharp af . ya man you look sick af def
User 2: yeah well you don't know thatt
User 1: i'm backk . phew
User 2: oh man thanks . tell me wtf happened today
User 1: aaram se we'll talk dw . you have fun ! . wry now
User 2: outside the place
User 1: haan . have fun fun
User 2: okay the pubs here are huge compared to mumbai
User 1: hahahaha . yaa even in hyd . this is exactly what i was talking about ! . no bandwidth left for the actual experience . s1e5 is my fav i think, very real
User 2: hi . makes so much more sense now . but eh just get more bandwidth . i'm glad i took the pack with harshit and all . they finished it  . i shall start from tomorrow . okay i'm drunk
User 1: hope you reached back safely .
User 2: hello . what did you delete . sorry was video calling kaustubh . he feels too detached from civilisation so wanted to catch up . going to pass out now so k can wake up for office . ly . gn
User 1: gn
User 2: hey . sorry for last night . hi . you should not stop texting only man . hii . we are justb waiting in a room doing nothing . induction week going to be long lol . hey at least there aren't any office timings except hours per day so that's nice
User 1: best of luck, hope it goes well
User 2: sup . gm
User 1: gm
User 2: excited for work ?
User 1: scared
User 2: hehe good . means you'll do it well
User 1: hahaha let's see . hope induction goes well
User 2: well they provide breakfast everyday . can't decide which one is worse, the ff21 or the porridge thingi i had here . but the free lunch they gave us only for today was tasty hehe . disney is one of their biggest client so there soo many avenger related rooms hehe . i'm in captain america . the thing you want to be in too . lol . hii
User 1: lmao
User 2: bro
User 1: hahahha
User 2: okay i swear to god i'm not lying . while this one dude was presenting stuff . i yawned at least ten times with my mouth shut . and then suddenly, i just know it, i think i was a bit high . like rn again i feel normal
User 1: omg hahahhaha
User 2: but fuck those thirty mins . and i can't even go down for sutta . oh yeah everyone smokes here  . and the hr is hot af . like mean age here might be 24-26
User 1: oh that's so good
User 2: got ready ? ? . show me your outfit hehr
User 1: yeah that was for ms also
User 2: dude i'm literally the only guy wearing formals . like the delivery head of bangalore was also in informals  . yeah i wish we spoke back then uff
User 1: pagal
User 2: but i look hot no . fu . hi . you dressed for work ?
User 1: ya i'm at the office
User 2: oh already ? . when does your work start ?
User 1: terence said to arrive aroun 9:15-9:30ish . but he's not here rn na
User 2: whens he coming back . buddy buddy loll . what do you have to work on today . like research on what
User 1: idk . this tool only
User 2: do you see me
User 1: this tool . captures event data
User 2:  .
User 1:  . and you have to make some meaning out of that data . to guide further decision making process . or . to add something to their pitch deck
User 2: that's where you come in ? . i'm fucking around in messenger
User 1: yep . there's nothing you can do now i think
User 2: noice . so i'm not even in your logs . 
User 1: oh no . yeah i got you
User 2:  . hehe . so they said the dude will come at 2 . so i didn't go out . for sutt . and he still isn't here . it's two hundred and thirty
User 1: uf . stop thinking about sutta so much jen . bro . a dude who has a startup here . worked with my dad . wtf . he used to work in mumbai .
User 2: okay . how old ? ? . how did you find out tho . okay it doesn't capture it but this is like the spice and ice kinda path . and there are literally fifty restaurant one after the other . hello how's it going . phew just got done . dude i went to the pool room and dikshita was playing pool alone lool
User 1: accha lmao it doesn't capture . yum . so ? . phew i'm done i think ?
User 2: i'll send proper video . loner . what did you do todayy . what did you yse and understand lol
User 1: hey . how are you
User 2: hello sorry . text me no . wait replyy . hello
User 1: hey . stop talking to your ex uff
User 2: which one 
User 1: dik
User 2: arre we were just talking about last sem  . and how people were behind my back . like the first year group . too much gossip da  . i can't stay away . okay fu . kabka i'm talking about you to her and you're not reply only . and rn we are texting pranjal together and dying . i'm going to a diff hell . turns out she's dating the first guy only noe . so that guy is giving her bt thoda because two ex's living with her .  . what you doing yoo
User 1: bro . the weirdest thing happened rn . you'll die when i tell you . legit . come online asap . i beg you pls . pls . pls . im drunk . little bit . hi .
User 2: yes
User 1: dude . wait brb . wait
User 2: tell me . no now . are you okay ? . oh you out late tonight . supp
User 1: one sex . sec . sarthu . messaged . ek min . pls . ly . wait
User 2: idm this . yess
User 1: in . you know me . always ready to ho around
User 2: you can find me on sc because tonight i'll be active only there
User 1: to talk to dikshita, sigh . sucks to be me
User 2: louis will be doing that soon so well . gn then .
User 1: yeah . gn . :(
User 2: das me .
User 1: uff . why not me . and don't use full stops when you don't mean them
User 2: you aren't not the one who has to sleep without masturbating . okay this full stop was auto 
User 1: too many negatives i'm confused
User 2: you are not the one
User 1: clearly i am
User 2: same to same .
User 1: hm . such an awful scene . sucks to be me
User 2: so i'm going to solo do me and try to have a peaceful night
User 1: ok
User 2:  .
User 1:  .
User 2: hey anushka would you mind sending me nudes ? . yeah i know you like to hear it officially
User 1: lmao . man . you saw how cozy i am . idk how to get up
User 2: hahaha yeab . it's okay . let's slepp . send me a vn of saying bfly . i miss your voice also . ahh
User 1: you're going ? ? . :( . okay
User 2: have to wake up in five hours :)))))
User 1: okiee gn bbg
User 2: oh how are you so tipsy i know this voice
User 1: dude legit i am
User 2: bfly jaan .
User 1:  . proper . k . bye bye bby
User 2: louis adventures only .
User 1: man . fo .
User 2: hehehehe
User 1: anyway best of luck for 2nd day
User 2: ah don't push me away . 
User 1: i'm not . why tf would i
User 2: i hate when we don't talk properly throughout the day . so that i pull harder . which i will . because damn girl you fine af .
User 1: hehehe . yup . das how i work oops
User 2: hey i'm always ready to play and work for it
User 1: ya you better
User 2: don't turn back from no challenge when i know the prize is worth it . farewell nush . i hope i get your tits in my dreams . last i could ask for . least .
User 1: hehehe glad
User 2: sayonara
User 1: au revoir
User 2: bonne nuit . je voudrais te baiser . byee
User 1: eep . in in in
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: what . did . you . delete . i'll never fuck you again . say
User 2: in . gn . actually sleeping
User 1: what did you delete . fine
User 2:  . i thought you read and ignored lol . deleted this
User 1: okiee
User 2: goodnightt
User 1: gn
User 2: ahh i can't believe i couldn't take advantage of wine
User 1: lmaoo . gm . cute ! . uf . phew
User 2: you don't reply to such things uff
User 1: ya cause there's actual tension around that stuff
User 2: you're lucky the time difference and the cold saved you . can reply with a  . lols
User 1: no way  . how's work going
User 2: but naked girls who are feeling cold hmm iff anushka you don't like me only uff . had marketing intro . now have to watch sexual harassment videos :))) . did you have all this in ms ?
User 1: uff . accha . yaas but they finished everything in one day only . posh training . prevention of sexual harassment
User 2: yeah i think the mumbai interns did it yesterday . we got delayed a bit . lol . anyway that test scared me
User 1: accha
User 2: yas same
User 1: what happ
User 2: ya sorry hi . arre no like all this professional life corporate rule shit it thoda intimidating . like i'm too scared to look at anyone let alone girls now  . like i haven't made eye contact with anyone except this dude i spoke to . bro there are three interns in bangalore and sixty-one in mumbai  . so the induction is happen via video calls today so it's hard to keep up thoda because sometimes video is bad and even when it is good can't see what they are writing anyway . and i become to sleepy after lunch 
User 1: oh shit . you got lucky bro ! . you got bangalore . yeah tru
User 2: only mit people loll
User 1: same .
User 2: dude so we decided we going to keep a tally of the number of coffees hot chocolates or whatever we have . to make up for the 25k . so we are sitting and watching ind vs aus 
User 1: omg hahahahaha . 
User 2: five cups down in two days . ezpz . 4 . hello what you going to do . like are you still just getting familiarized with the system ?
User 1: yum . naa kind of getting the data set up rn . like, how i want it
User 2: uf too cool . and then gonna put on ml model scene ?
User 1: no no . no ml abhi . just exploratory ysis . yeah but i think how i want it is wrong . idk why i'm doing it abhi
User 2: you have to work so well . like your storage format ?
User 1: like, i'm trying to combine multiple rows into one . so it's a row per user . insted of like one hundred rows per user . i cajt explai . but it may causebsome problem idk . let's see
User 2: yes yes understood . see the metrics you're merging if the addition of all those make sensen
User 1: like it's time series data . so i'm taking the last non nan value
User 2: and insert new attributes to give more info after merging i guess
User 1: to get the most recent for each feature
User 2: oh . hmm see see
User 1: yeah
User 2: cool things
User 1: that's later only first just getting the basic data set
User 2: also please keep backups i have fucked up too many datasets like this  . yep . cool cool do
User 1: otherwise i have like three hundred users . each with 30-40 rows . filed with nans
User 2: um keep the old dataset then . because normally you don't throw away time series data when you have nans . you normalise it instead to keep the number of rows . like it's one of the first things i kinda learned . but okay im going to stop talking 
User 1: ya but you normalise when you're predicting something in the future which i'm not .
User 2: yes yes i'm not talking only
User 1: i think so man . i honestly don't know what i'm doing
User 2: exploring . part of the job .
User 1: no i'm just saying what i'm doing
User 2: full stop startled me okay :p
User 1: i didn't even realise i put it . i guess whenever i type something study related i put full stops idk why . phew
User 2: or maybe double space lol . good at least you're texting today hehe . bro finance thing is going on . we muted it . shut off the video call . so going to do tp for an hour . dude mumbai interns look like they are in class . there are so many . but the office is better so jely
User 1: omgg . lmao . dude idk how to use lambda expressionss
User 2: python ?  . it's fine just make a cheap looking function and make shit work  . then beautify
User 1: no he's used it in his code and i have no idea how they work eep
User 2: loll . nub . you deleted this message
User 1:  . what did you type . fuck
User 2: it's okay just see online it's no biggie
User 1: just when you sent i looked away
User 1: i'm in the lift
User 2: nothing nothing . going for lunch ?
User 1: ya getting it back to the office . ya but idk how he's used it
User 2: delete .  . oh man . i wanna live there . arghh . i can hear your mouth shiver hahahhaha
User 1: no lies here
User 2: what was it towards the end hahahah you're dying . i love it . yeah okay didn't understand a word here you try to listen and decode hs . bro the wind speed here rn is like 2 . yours is 11degree plus windspeed is 30 . oh man your balls might be freezing to hell . yeah it's just colder in russia so wtf . it's so windy i can barely hear you . damn i am jelly andnpity you at the same time
User 1: phew i'm back . hands still not working proeprly . feels like eight degrees out here
User 2: yeah i don't think i can survive that wind . bro
User 1: yeah but i'm kinda getting used to it a bit
User 2: so like we got done around thirty mins ago
User 1: i was much worse before
User 2: and there's nothing planned
User 1: han
User 2: ofcc . okay i'm actually relieved thoda good . and j wanna go home fucking hell . 5:30-7 is a self study session . and well . come on  . show me what you eat there
User 1: hehehe ly  . yum .  . eep i forgot . i ate w ilya only
User 2: she said can y'all wait till 6 . so she expected us to leave anyway . to take a picture for linkedin . woohoo . you have to like it okay thanks . hehe is okay i just wanted to see what you eat . udhar everything is good anyway . mrigakshi texted and asked me if i know where to get ocb from . arghh . finally . i hope i stone todsy . hows he as a person you don't talk much about him . or the other interns . yeah my hair came chapta for linkedin that atleast thirty thousand people will see including connection ke connection so rip
User 1:  .  . ininin
User 2: yeah i high high . mrigakshi seems really interesting
User 1: ay congratss .  . also i'll hear this omw back
User 2: oh things about last night that couldn't be . yes please outside the office lol
User 1: oh shit i wanna die rn . fuck . the most awkward thing in the world happened . you'll lose your mind . ugh . you'll laugh too much
User 2: tel
User 1: aah . bro i said hi to this dude in my office . and suddenly he's walking towards me . and i'm a little intimidated cause i dont know what to expect . and then he put his face realy close to mine . and i kind of just was there looking like wtf . then this other lady comes
User 2: how does all this happen omg
User 1: and he goes to her and they just kiss eahc others cheek . man i'm so dumb . 
User 1: bro i wanna jump off a cliff
User 2: you just want it to happen that's why it happens  . physically that deprived 
User 1: bro i was coding . i was so taken aback . suddenly this dudes face is right in front of mine
User 2:  . this is too funny
User 1: and i haven't physically been that close to anyone in paris i was getting used to this lonely lofe . life
User 2: how dumn are you
User 1: except when i hugged the german girl
User 1: man shutup
User 2: some action
User 1: it wouldve happened to anyone
User 2: finally . so . no
User 1: yeah . it would've . nobody has greeted me like thay . shush . don't make it worse . i've to sit near the guy for three months
User 2: oh your company dude  . hahahahhahaha . how old is he . almost kiss toh hua . chalu hoja
User 1: no no other company . idk . seems old . oh god . okay i think he understood this is new for me . cause he's being nice to me only . oh man . nobody warned me of these absurdities
User 2: new city new customs . but yeah you very misplaced . but eh you learn fast fast
User 1: yas let's hope . man i'm tired . i wanna leave
User 2: oh man everyone is too good at pool here . i'm embarrassing myself  . but i'm high so idc . it's funn
User 1: wruu . hehe issokay bby
User 2: dude . yeah . i just played so bad . it was stuck to the width . and i sliced the white ball
User 1: omg
User 1: that's too cute . like legittyy . reminds me of the two lighters the dude at the vapestore gave me
User 2: after this i was like i'm going . the then there were only three people
User 1: lmao
User 2: those random bhaiyas were khel lo . i was likenek raat ke liye itni zilat kafi hai . and then they started laughing . and then i played tt with one of the pool dudes i've played with before . and he served me ekdum aaramse because he thought i didn't know that also  . but then we played for thirty mins . so eh . thank god i saved my ass somewhere . hello . you left ?
User 1: hehehehhee . even i love tt . yup . got off the t2 . walking now
User 2: you should have said that in pragati aiyo . you're good only no . what is . hahah how cold is it
User 1: tram . eepp
User 2: cutie . how do you not feel like making maggie in that cold weather . like you can create that atmosphere
User 1: bro
User 2: in two mins . lol . ya
User 1: i wanna make some friends . it's kind of difficult
User 2: no . it's not
User 1: uff
User 2: you're such a nice girl . beautiful . cute
User 1: haha
User 2: try nahi karte . darte ho
User 1: na you don't ah
User 2: arre ha they aren't indians finen . i understand that it is diff . but they still humans
User 1: yeah you know that's what i thought as well . it's a little different
User 2: i guess . theek hai kya ghai hai . how's it going on bumble tho . hi sorry . imntoo tired today . barely slept last night no . hi . please reply before i passout
User 1: gn . see you
User 2: no manm
User 1: hii
User 2: im sorry i'm too tired for phone call . lights are offntripping on music . you don't have to act distant lel 
User 1: sorry . aah . i thought you wanted to slep
User 2: say what happened
User 1: nothingg . wait one sec pls . talking to mom
User 2: oh that haha say that . yeah okie
User 1: you up ?
User 2: trying . thoda i wanna talknto yoh . or i feel sad and fomo you know
User 1: i miss you . what happenedm
User 2: and you thought australia wouldn't be so bad 
User 1:  ? ? . tell me
User 2: arre no like i miss you to so i feel like knowing everything
User 1: man yeah i feel youu . totaly . yeah finished talking to parents . yeah they're high  . mom made a fuck ton at her exhibition
User 2:  .  !
User 1: she told me to buy stuff over here lmao . she's like, "price doesn't matter" . 
User 2: why are they so perfect . 
User 1: hehehehee
User 2: oh that god . fuckk . oh man i'm happy hehe
User 1: yeah some 3-4 lakhs in a day
User 2: go buy some chanel
User 1: lmao
User 2: uf .  . i got the wrong generation
User 1: also ya  . yeah . so . what you doing
User 2: i'm literally enjoying my last night alone . going to masturbate seven times
User 1: omg .  . seven is awfully specific . i had coffee and sutta before i got this . it was nicr . heard some good music
User 2: seven sins . seven mins . 7 .
User 1: hahaha . cute
User 2: what is it filled with . where the snaps att . uff . only three today . going to get them gums . found the pharmacy
User 1: idk but it's tasty . oh that's good . it was too nice i finished . i forget  . wyd . what were you listening to ?
User 2: when you finish finish aiyo
User 1: finished masturbating ?
User 2: anushka start masturbating
User 2: yes . eminem
User 1: acchaa
User 2: kinda slept in the middle . peed
User 1: omg 
User 2: okay i think i should sleep . i need to get more sleep man . sorry . imy . we'll video call tomorrow pskks . i'll be energised pakka
User 1: okie . gnn
User 2: hi sorry . gm . i love how i go to office in the same condition as i went for classes . the e dude makes notes during induction uf . yeah i don't like his viberee
User 1: omfgg . hey i was sleeping when you called, sowwy . my godd . heres a song for you . get you (feat . kali uchis) by daniel caesar
User 2: hello . lunch time . aiyo i'm only stupid sorry . i just hope too much heheheh . hi beautiful . how do you start your day . like in the office . show me your incubator
User 1: aw cutie . there's a person here rn . just reached . oh what you eating
User 2: bapre kitna you think . where are your sly skills bich . too much they delayed today every meeting started too late . so i decided i'm going to work in my project in my free time here because i didn't even touch it during the vacations because my laptop got fucked lol . wow 9:16 . yeah we don't reach early do we  . i orderedd . need to get zomato gold bro . becomes too cheapp lol especially need it from now that arusha is heree . hehehhe we might go drinking . sadly not your v .
User 1: nobody has reached here only yet i'm always the earliest  . even from the other startups . sounds perf
User 2: show the spacee . i won't send you cool things like these
User 1: bro they're legit facing me rn i cant take a video 
User 2: i want a video baas . cool done then
User 1: you wait na . accha have to work . i'll message later ly
User 2: okay honey
User 1: omg . i'm hungryy
User 2: aiyo . wait till 1 . i'm so sleepy . i hate thing induction week . bs it is . all day we are sitting in a room not doing much . these guys got their schedule till january end and i just know what i'll be doing tomorrow . argh . kill me
User 1: aw
User 2: i made so much progress with the project looll . i'll send you the graph . soon
User 1: woah . what will you be doing tomorrow ?
User 2: you'll like it too much hehe
User 1: send . hahahaha why . is this that whatsapp thingy ?
User 2: yes
User 1: oh lol
User 2: arre i don't get network in this building . i still don't know the meaning if j to j
User 1: lmao me neither :p
User 2: so found it it's january to july . lol . also our chat is 1 .8 mb . wow . dikshitas was 2 .2 in a much longer time . good one at us
User 1:  !
User 2: couldn't understand . hehe . bro the hr girl comes and asks us did one of you forget your laptops in dr strange in between a meeting 
User 1: man too weird  . oh so pretty
User 2: i still don't about work but i def love the work environment . basically you on a plate . omg grenss . what is it
User 1: risotto with mushrooms beans and stuff idk . i'm alone aaj
User 2: uff . what lunch you're having . i nedd . chill with other interns na
User 1: they're working from home aaj . they don't have much work for the next few days
User 2: why didn't you . ui ux ?
User 1: cause i have proper work . one is
User 2: jaan ho tum toh
User 1: the other two are devs . and all three of them are leaving soon . i'm legit getting too scared . i feel the pressure fuckk
User 2: replaced by ? ? . ha start upss . i can't wait for my pressure to start . it's too easy . today i made filter coffee, added jaggery extract it whatever it was and steamed it . this is how i'm spending time 
User 1: a full time employee . bas . jelly
User 2: oh wow your company is really small . no man . i want to be productive . soon soon
User 1: yep . dude i feel like a proper coder . cause . i don't have friends also  . and my best friends are my dataframes and objects . ya but the probelm is . they want me to work fast i guess . but i'm thoda slow . and i warned them about this . cause even the technical assignment i got . i was very slow . idk if you remember . but yeah i told you about it
User 2: aiyo why do you ever portray yourself in the negative light ? . thats a bad habit uff . never do that in the professional life idiot . yess . ofc i rememberr . but like you weren't sucking me so i didnt care miuch . lol . jk . but anyway . you'll know the dynamics soon enough . till then dont stress itna but do your bestt
User 1: no it was necessary
User 2: and then wait for their opinions
User 1: cause especially for them they needed fast peeps . cause they have very frequent releases . they were happy i told them . but now i feel like they forgot that :p . they were happy i was honestl lmao . but ofc i wont tell microsoft this . but in microsoft i'm one of the fast ones
User 2: ohh makes sensee
User 1: oh bro
User 2: gododd . dont let them remember that please . loll how slow was everyone . or was it theprofile ?
User 1: reallyy
User 2: bata
User 1: no dude . and in ms also . my dept required fastt . and i used to do double the work
User 2: and you obviously kept up
User 1: cause my fellow interns sucked
User 2: o . hahahahhaha . how do such people get ms i hate it . uf
User 1: and they're from such good colleges . bits goa . nit trichi . iit kgp . and thankfully my manager recognised this . oh bro there's this really cute guy over here . fuck . he's too cute . i think he's the ceo of his startup . haven't really spoken to him
User 2: oh all these young ceos . uf . how is the set up of your office i dont even know . how close do you sit next to himm
User 1: between his startup and my startup is the startup who's ceo used to work with my dad . not that close . but the the exit is near my desk . so i see everybody
User 2: heheheh . cute . you should really start going upto people and talking to them or you're not going to make any friends
User 1: yeah but they're working . that's the only problem
User 2: arre . i mean . lunch . or . some other . time . uf . yeah you remove your extrovertness in front of brown people only ish . what happened with louiss
User 1: man . you don't ughh
User 2: okay i have spoken to french people too . but manyy other nationalities . but fine i dont get it . you handle your thing then what should i say . anywayy . you do you . also . these graphs are to much fun . so much insight tbh . its fun hehe . like funniest was rishabs . it looked like a trapezium . kya phase aaya tha
User 1: yeah you don't . it's different being alone . even i thought it would be easy . it's not just conversation you have to worry about it's so many other things . and you always trivialise it . yeah nvm . i'll ttyl .
User 2: sorry . 
User 1: you continue thinking that it's my problem only . it's easy to say shit from that far away
User 2: noo
User 1: i'm not in a university . it really fkn is
User 2: wait i'm on the road i'll reply in ten
User 1: no need
User 2: accha okay . ya sorry hi . it really is . can't deny . but all i can do for you is keep telling you i guess . because you're there only for few months and it will suck if you don't make good contacts and i'm thinking about that . yeah you're in a different time zone ofc it's hard going through an entire day and coming back home and finding out everyone has to sleep or is busy or something or the other . fine i don't understand certain external factors because i haven't gone through them at all . and yes everyone you want to talk is working around you . and yes there's a language barrier . all i was saying was that they are still humans . so at least that you have in common . you read on the internet about oh french are like this blah blah . how about you do the harder work of actually going through it and understanding all the different aspects . like you didn't even pet that cute dog . if you had then you could have found out that oh that grandma is sweet actually wow great stories . like the dude from the bar . might as well experience everything . but yeah, sorry for being so condescending about not being able to socialise . i'll stop i guess .
User 1: yeah and it's not even been a week . not like that . it's different here . cause you aren't really a tourist right . so there's so many other small small things . plus nobody around the area i live speaks english . haha wow . cause that lady gave me a look . and if the person seems willing to talk i talk . wow, you say this after being condescending . you know what fuck off . you always make me feel like i'm doing something wrong .
User 2: okay . sorry
User 1: which is why i met the german girl . bro pls don't fuck around
User 2: i'm not . i don't know what to say . i'm not in your shoes and you clearly know much more about living there .
User 1: if all you're gonna do is sit back and point at whatever i'm fucking up then okay you do that i'm just not gonna listen
User 2: no you're not fucking up
User 1: cause i have enough voices in my own head telling me about the little fuck ups . stfu . you said i fucked up the sysmo interview thing by telling them i work a little slowly . i feel like it's a constant battle
User 2: okay fine then you don't need extra . i won't say anything wrong okay . i'm sorry
User 1: me justifying things . and i'm not a fkn child
User 2: i mean that clearly was kinda an advice for the future . you won't have to do that
User 1: it's not like i said that for ms . i said it because i didn't wanna be a bad fit . and being slow isn't necessarily bad
User 2: okay
User 1: maybe in your head it is
User 2: your work speaks for itself which is why you got it . so yes it's in my head only . won't puke my thoughts out .
User 1: bye ttyl .
User 2: i'm sorry . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . sorry for all that . clearly won't happen again . you deleted this message
User 1: i have to work abhi, i'll talk to you later if you're free .
User 2: alright .
User 1: hii . what did you delete
User 2: typod
User 1: cool . oh you've gone drinking w arusha ?
User 2: and utkarsh . but yes . hi, i'm sorry
User 1: accha fine
User 2: hello
User 1: what's up ?
User 2: nothingg . just talkinf about how we have work tomorrow . but it's nice catching with these peeps . we ordered too many beers and food . i love itrr . okay bangalore is pretty fuck nice
User 1: yeaah
User 2: what's up . are we going to finish our argument
User 1: no it's okay if you don't want to
User 2: i want tow . you know it . i don't keep such bs pending
User 1: sure
User 2: anything you feel is the main thing . ily .
User 1: seriously don't bs w me rn
User 2: do i ever ? . aiyo i actually wanna talk about it . okay ps, i don't do sarcasm when tipsy
User 1: i don't think you realise how upset i was . and that's scary . and i honestly don't wanna be the person giving you bt from so far . yeah i'm def not talking to you rn if you're tipsy . especially when you're having fun there . so you'll def hear less complaining from me . because i'm pretty sure that's how you were taking it
User 2: you decide man . i'm ready to talk and confidenrly sober enougj
User 1: okk
User 2: okay i'm sorry to tell you but the things i like are not by for me at all . yes i'll reply when i'm free . but you thinking it's a bt is on you . you know what i don't want to console you in this mattet . because it wasn't complaining for me . it was more of the girl i fucking really like acclimatising to her new surroundings . but fine mann . you do what you want .
User 1: hi . yeah was talking to my brother . i'm not really that fine . and ik i cant blame you for not being able to read that from the messages . cause that's hard to do for anyone . yeah i'll talk when you're online
User 2: talk to me now
User 1: idk what to say . i feel thoda fkd up . and i cant stop crying
User 2: try to explain
User 1: jdk
User 1: stop
User 2: what part are you missing
User 1: yeah i can't type . whenever you're free we can call . byee
User 2: i'll call in a bit
User 1: ok . not video calling
User 2: why da
User 1: just
User 2: okay what's up talk to me . phone call ?
User 1: yeah can do that . just do it when you're home
User 2: hello anushka
User 1: hii . that was intense . you're okay ?
User 2: yeah kinda hit my finger while playing pool and it's thoda bleeding and realised it's enough for a drunk night of pool
User 1: oh godd . good one
User 2: i just want you to know sorry for micromanaging because i def tried to do that . you're an adult . you're def not stupid . ofc you're doing all you are supposed to
User 1: thanks
User 2: and i'm going to be here at the sidelines ready to hear everything .
User 1: thank youu
User 2: i'm sorry for being inconsiderate . few bad qualities i have . thoda chalado baad . baas
User 1: okay it's okay no worries . we all do . it fine, done and dusted . 
User 2: yeah please delete . i'm sorru . talk to me about anything you want to and i shall be smart and not make you feel stupid because if i do then i'm stupid . sorry about doing it multiple times .
User 1: thank you jenn
User 2: but just know, the endgame is just me wanting happiness for you
User 1: it's all fine noww . pakka . i forgot to get something to eat so it's time to gorge on theplas
User 2: idc i'm always up for serious talks fu . 
User 1: i went to cafe plaisance it was nice . i wasn't hungry then . oh god
User 2: you just had coffee ?
User 1: how many today ? . ya and smoked a sutt
User 2: 6th
User 1: and then started crying over there only a little bit .  . so i quicjly left and called up my bro . what .
User 2: i won't be laughing about you crying .
User 1: how 6 ?
User 2: stop bitching about me  . jk
User 1: oh drunk smoking ?
User 2: let's say that
User 1: jenn
User 2: wait no 7yh 
User 1: okay . bas karo bohot ho gaya
User 2: yeah sleeping after this . rishab isn't theree . only his luggage is
User 1: are you trying to reduce it ? . accha
User 2: and i want you to know that i like what's happening with me and dik because we are finally talkinf talking . she pointed out we never spoke spoke during the relationship and it's fun now . sure
User 1: ya i'm def glad about that dude . didn't mean that
User 2: and that's important i'm firemdjsip . ikk
User 1: i was specifically saying the pranjal thing
User 2: that's because we are always the fucked people
User 1: bought the gum ? .  ?
User 2: me and dik that's why the pranjal texting thing
User 1: oh accha
User 2: tom pakka
User 1: good good
User 2: i really like you nush . sorry for hurting you .
User 1: it's okay he's family . it's all okay now dw dw
User 2: yeah but if you don't express your love when you drunk when will you
User 1: hahaha
User 2: like everything i do, i need you to know it's because i care . including the bad parts . like fuck
User 1: true
User 2: itna affection kyu hai pata nahi
User 1: oh man i'll melt . i care about you too jenn
User 2: ya well, i toh ly so well i win . fucks . anushka you're my happy little head
User 1: ly2 jen
User 2: that's all i want for you
User 1: bc ten min pehle ro rahi thi
User 2: feeling's chutiya cheez hai . par tu toh mal hai . uff
User 1:  . bro at this bus stop i saw an indian family . and i had to get on bus forty-three or something . i knew it comes there . but i just wanted to speak in hindi
User 2: hehehehe
User 1: so i asked them :p . felt nice
User 2: what did they say
User 1: they also replied in hindi . and the mom was smiling at me haha
User 2: good . merese hindi main baat karle
User 1: ya i just wanted to start a convo lmao . chal theek hai . wait what . is that rishabh ?
User 2: ha
User 1: omg
User 1: lmao . aah
User 2: kal maza toh ayega
User 1: oh god . oh bro that dude in the other startup is too cute wtf not allowed
User 2: allah kare tujhse baat kare
User 1: i def get good person vibes from him also . there's this other cute dude
User 2: teri tarah
User 1: but i get bad person vibes from him . hahahahaha teri tarah
User 2: narak mai marega bhosdika
User 1: that kiss dude is already eliminated even though he's cute lmao . hahahaha . i just need girls man
User 2: kata chalega kidhar toh hona tha
User 1: everywhere it's one cock party
User 2: bumble
User 1: ya i just swiped and messaged so many 
User 2: pragati bedroom ki tarah . inshallah reply ayege
User 1: hehehhee . 
User 2: yeah prolly should have swallowed . chal  mai tujhse kal baat karunga rani . bahut pasand karta hu
User 1: che . what is this hindi 
User 2: nothing you haven't done before . except for me . i'll remember that . you said you miss it so well
User 1: rani and all 
User 2: sab karega tere liye
User 1: chalo phir . so jao
User 2: qwern is too parv
User 1: oh i looked kinda nice tosay
User 2: bichadne ka maan nahi . hamesha . chal phir goodnight item
User 1: and weirder smile lmao
User 2: uf . that hole in the shoulders
User 1: yaa very cool
User 2: asymmetrical smile is my favorite . okay so . i really just miss you
User 2: kafi lagav hai tumse
User 1: i look like this  and this  . aajao idhar . oh yesterday i had a nice conversation w sarthu very cute stuff . he may come to blore . for a week
User 2: everyone is here you come here i have a place ready for us . o . tell
User 1: i'll arrange here dw . nothing just normal stuff only
User 2: yeah you have 1nguest allowed . thank god no orgy
User 1: no i'll get one cute airbnb lmao . thank god . accha tum so jao . late ho raha hai . gn best of luck for tomorrow
User 2: appreciate . i toh would have just kept you in the pg  . you me rishab sleeping too chill . i can hear you . you wait for couple of weeks before telling me this . induction uf . i'll go ask for my schedule today . he was sleeping when i came and when i was leaving lol . he woke up for a sec said what's up and slept again lol . please don't have one without me . i'll feel too fomo . good morning
User 1: heyo . just finishing my morning . i'll message you from the way
User 2: yes yes leave fast
User 1: bro in my office people come at ten
User 2:  . for the morning sutta . what did you think hehe
User 1: no way yo . i'm tryna reduce it idk . maybe when i make friends it will increase . i try to smoke only one a day . i save it for after work . cause that hits better . today is six degrees . and the vapour thing from the mouth is happening
User 2: oh man that is too perf . argh yeah today i died in the morning when i did it directly after  breakfast . i had two breakfasts today, at pg and office and both places they had idli vada loll . oh man you smart smart . sorry for treating you otherwise if i ever did because well that's clearly wrong and yeah cutie ly . sorry for last night . hahahahha . you snap da . uff . i'll stop snapping you only . no no jk but omg that's soo coldd . bro arushas internship gave her touchscreen laptop and they just have three day work weeks wtf
User 1:  . lmao hahahaha ly2
User 2: and free gym omg
User 1: wtf . what . woah . that even ms has 
User 2: arre par ms is ms . not like you used it because it didnt show hehehehe . all that fat bouncing
User 1: ya i didn't go once also  . too busy drinking . lol . bro us manipal peeps went drinking on monday only hahaa . fuck ms was too good
User 2: uf . better than a random wednesday omgg . yeah dont really approve of the company you had there :p . jkjk . soon it'll start again fuckk .
User 1: bro we drank every alternate day . cause we were getting so much money . and we didn't have any expenditure . cause we had food acco everything na  . so legiy we spent it all on alcohol and 
User 2: okay i dont think we can keep up with that anymore . too old we've become . oh man . hahahahaha . soon that shall start again
User 1: transport also we had
User 2:  booze sex . yolo
User 1: time goes slowly heree . ch . ugh that mean dude is here
User 2: oh man you had some crazy vacation there hahaha . cold .  ?
User 1: he just looks at me and rolls his eyes man . like . he's cute and all . buy . but . he always gives a meanish look . and i've never spoken to him . his ceo introduced him to me . he didn't even say hi . and i was trying to be polite . phew so i studied a bit last night hope it's useful aaj
User 2: office ? . aren't all white peeps . huh how'd you study after arguing . that's why you got ms . when was this . yeah idk about this dude oops
User 1: nah dude like i don't find terence that cute . likee, not my type . yesterday . like in this office i find one dude really cute . that ceo dude bas
User 2: yeah okay french people are starting to become non cordial for me now . haa
User 1: ya man even terence said, "all french people hate each other over here"
User 2: like why tho ? like y'all were talking or something kya . hahaha . they can't project their hate outside because they know they'll lose 
User 1: that ceo likes me cause he was my dad's colleague na
User 2: oh that one okay okay
User 1: yeah he keeps introducing me to people very sweet
User 2: hahah so the eye rolling dude sits pretty close also  . cute
User 1: i love his co founder she's the sweetest but she's never here . yaa . right now . it's just him and me in the office
User 2: see if there's any eye contact . show me the place fast fast . go for a walk for one secret video recording scebe . bro the e dude is tok annoying . like just the kinda person he is, not purposely . like he'll start playing tabla anywhere
User 1: even worse  . wtf hahahaha
User 2: and like omg he has made soo many pages of notes . i was getting drunk last night 
User 1: okie i'm gonna work okay i'll message during lunch
User 2: oh such a cute place . nice nice . do do atb tc ly imy bye . getting worse :)
User 1:  . what happ
User 2: became louder and more expressive lol . oh man i'm sleepy . what is this waste week . hate it . argh . how's your work going bby
User 1:  . i think i found something that i hope can be useful ? . i hope
User 2: tell tell ? . later . when you're free
User 1: also i can see myself work faster today
User 2: what changed ?
User 1: there's too much data so i'm a little bemused as to where to start . i got comfortable w coding w pandas and all . i lost touch . and also i didn't know so many functions
User 2: oh man i hate when i start coding after so long . what is numpy uf . what did you find i mean
User 1: legit . i was thinking of finding the difference between the last received dose ka time and the last interaction time . interaction w the dose . dose  news
User 2: interesting . didn't understand it at all . but chalo at least you're progressing . i'm just stuck doing nothing . i realised my shoes are dyingn . and i'm getting the ones from bombay next weekend
User 1: i'll explain laterss . what happ
User 2: i got these 4byears ago so eh they did well . yeah i want understand also
User 1: omg ya for sure
User 2: bro ind vs aus is here on sunday . oh man it's been so long since i've gone for a game . we have nothing to do and the hr literally said you have to log nine hours . arghh . lunchh
User 1: oh bro . lmao too bad . i had a good lunch !
User 2: already done also ? . you ate with someone kya . tell
User 1: ya i went to the lunch room and legit eyed these two girls  . women actually . they treated me like a baby . but i had some good conversations w them . and then my cto also joined . we spoke for so long it was so much fun . then the cute guy also joined us . aah it was nice . and we were such a crazy bunch . ilya is russian . one was mexican . i'm indian . and cute dude is french . one girl was from some island . crazy . and we were talking about cultural differences . ajdni brought up the cheek kissing thing and they laughed a lot :p . it was nice ! . and they told me that i'm very mature for my age . and i look very young . like under 21 . but i act above 21 . oh i wanna sit with them every day . yeah they're all much older than me
User 2: wooho
User 1: and i think
User 2: too scared to do after posh
User 1: ilya liked my ysis . i showed him what i worked on abhi . and he was legit interested
User 2:  . your height lol
User 1: i told them about a course i took
User 2: it will start now
User 1: intercultural dynamics . and i told them some of the stuff i learnt udhar . so they were also agreeing
User 2: yay
User 1: bro they called me very very smart . i died . i felt so validated omg
User 2: increasing standards
User 1: phew the world works in mysterious ways . yesterday i was crying . and today the universe blessed me w this stuff . i feel so good . grateful
User 2: when . hahahahah about time you get noticed . okay so finalyy you have found a proper group . perfect
User 1: sometimes i feel like, if not a god, there's some energy that's just looking after us . and sometimes it's hard to see it or hear it . but if you try to listen, you realise it's trying to talk to you .
User 2: exactly
User 1: through these simple acts . idk if we meet tomorrow also then it's a group :p
User 2: hahahha yeahh . make sure you doo . too cute
User 1: oe
User 2: you have to tell me about this also later
User 1: yesh . i still haven't really designed the data pipeline
User 2: i told you you have to relax about meeting and all . itna actually kuch nahi hai . see what happened today . whatever can happen will happen
User 1: it's just an exploratory ysis
User 2: that's later no
User 1: you're doing it again 
User 2: yeah because it was a good day i can fu
User 1: no
User 2: i have more trust in you . than you
User 1: finally my trying worked
User 2: hahaha ya i'm glad
User 1: and i told them about the odd experiences i had haha
User 2: what did they say . which ones tho
User 1: when buying my navigo travel pass the first day how some people were very rude
User 2: hahahaha familiar wtf .  .
User 1: and how foreigners kind of stand up for each other . and they were agreeing w a lot . i also didn't wanna say anything to upset them
User 2: oh man . perf
User 1: so i said a lot about the good stuff also
User 2:  lighter thing ? . :p
User 1: but thankfully all of them are immigrants  . no no :p
User 2: sutaa . aiyo . 
User 1: na i'm not talking about smoking abhi
User 2: when you go out stalk people to see if they smoke :p . but nicee . i'm glad you're having an upper after yesterday
User 1: they go out at odd timings . and i cant just follow abhi . slowly slowly i'll build relationships . i'm already talking to the mexican lady now . she's much much older . thanks ! me too ! . it gets thoda dry otherwise, no talking throughout the day . quietly sitting and coding . also
User 2: yep
User 1: another weird sign from the universe
User 2: i meant leaving for the day kind
User 1: yesterday when i was smoking and drinking coffee . at the cafe
User 2: oo
User 1: i was listening to the lavender playlist that rish made for me
User 2: ha
User 1: and i was missing him a lot suddenly . and that also made me cry . and today morning . i get a message from him . weirdly . so weird how tje universe works . maybe im romanticizing it a little . but yep
User 2: o hate that you get so many coincidences . even i want mann . mere acche din kaha hai . tum sab leliye
User 1: you get them too, you just gotta listen baby
User 2: maybe a little :p . but no man . acche din hone hi the
User 1: yeah but i've realised i need these random excuses to make me happy haha
User 2: i actually have noticed that haha . it's cute . theek hai . bade hogaye ho . work and music will be most of your days now . just left office
User 1: oh . what plans ? . okie will message in some . bye
User 2: okay so i didn't want to tell you this yesterday . you deleted this message . because you were so mad . but i like met this chai wala walking on the road wala guy . so i took his chai obviously . and it was so fucking good . in mumbai they use fucking powder . his was legit . so i walked a bit . and saw him and told him that anna bahut mast hai . and we got talking and he's like this is my path . and gave me his number . so i left office and directly called him . i didn't expect he'll be here . but he answered and was giving me directions for a good five minutes . because i don't know any places . and then i finally reached his place ! and he's like kya yaa aap yeh shops dekhlo air yaad rakhna . cutie . and then he gave me chai for ten instead of 12 . and then bounced . he legit waited almost ten minutes for me ! . oh man i kinda like this city .
User 1: oho what an entrepreneur . aw . so sweet omfg . aw . glaad . good you deleted what you deleted
User 2:  . okay finally i like like an asap song . multiply
User 1: haven't heard it . what did you delete tho . i just assumed it would've been triggering
User 2:  . i'm going to think before taking now . i always get into trouble yaa . uff people must know i'm just a nice person
User 1: good  . debatable but okay
User 2: dw won't be open with you now :)
User 1: jk jk
User 2: fu 
User 1: wow so bitter
User 2: fine i'll go somewhere where i'm oh i likkee . i entered the lobby only to realize it's still playing 
User 1: there's a difference between being open and being mean  . okie adding it . added it . will listen omw back
User 2: why do y'all talk so formally . i never mean the mean things w my friends i can't help it if everyone is so sensitive uff . that's why i feel i'm closest to my school group . because we are sweet to each other only in ecstasy . on
User 1: haha
User 2:  . like . it's weird to read it kinda . but he's right truee . yeah i actually wanna know . because it's sounds how one would be fake to someone else . like obviously i know he's not being fake which is why i don't understand the tone lol
User 1: it's not formal . it's reassuring
User 2: ohh . i mean okay . do you want me to talk like that too :p ?
User 1: nah it's okay . it's not like i need it from every person
User 2: yeah i am more of the chill kind . and like pick your socks up guy . yep
User 1: yeah i can be that person w you if you want
User 2: won't tell you to pick your socks up tho  . what kind of person are you with me
User 1: normal only . who i am . but . this na . so i can condition myself to not need that from ypu . like pehle
User 2: stay like that only then . okay .
User 1: fine :p . but it's not formal . it's emotional
User 2: and now ? . yep yep i can imagine the tone . but like it sounds very different kinda support than i'm used to
User 1: but i guess w rishabh there's some implicit understanding as well . cause we've seen each other through some bad stuff . and it's like . reading the moment . as well . and sometimes you may intend for things to be as a joke, but the other person is going through some shit and it probably won't hit right . cause you don't understand the gravity of the situation . like when i cracked that dikshita joke i didn't get that it was still a sensitive thihn for you then . and that was my fault
User 2: i normally do . it's just that i've learnt that unless its bad bad like my friend's dad commiting suicide, thoda tough luck kinda thing is needed . which
User 1: i remember last sem . i had said sorry to you . cause you had gotten upsett
User 2: especially twenty-one years old that's whh
User 1: i remember very clesrly . cause i panicked a lot
User 2: oh yeah okay that was thoda bad . 
User 1: yeah exactly
User 2: fine fine but i don't take it itna seriously
User 1: now imagine the same thing with just a role reversal
User 2: and i must realise people don't let go of jokes as easily as j do
User 1: it's not a joke if it's hurting someone . which is why i felt so stupid for saying that . cause even i said something like that in the momeny . and it's not like i cant take a joke . ofc i can man
User 2: you should know where it's coming from and what the other person is willing to do and till what extents when you get hurt about some specific, to serious thing . because i do . i know what people would do for me . so like pragati guys, i know everything vidit has done for me
User 1: yeah but i thought you wouldn't get hurt
User 2: and taken from me .
User 1: but you were visibly hurt
User 2: so when he says something too insulting also, trust me he has gone till that extent, . i forgive him soon enough because i know the actual feelings
User 1: yeah man, i also let things slide . a lot
User 2: true
User 1: it's not like i'm some stuck up bitch
User 2: ik 
User 1: getting pissed about everything . it's only when it crosses a threshold
User 2: yeah yeah i'm not implying that lol
User 1: and i feel like okay now this is plain fkn around
User 2: fair enough . but say aaramse . if you let things slide all the time and then remove all the anger at once, that's also not cool no . like i got very scared yesterday okay .
User 1: anyway . so there's no right option . i should let things slide but not let them slide
User 2: but anyway i completely understand your explosion yesterday . i had it coming . smh . yep . communicate properly is all . like with anyone fyi
User 1: oho accha
User 2: generally
User 1: now you're telling me i dont communicate
User 2: oh man . no wtf . i'm not saying that
User 1: fine fine
User 2: you deleted this message . what time do you get off work ?
User 1: kya delete kiya ? . another 10-15 i guess . accha i'm not pissed dw okay
User 2: noice . hey i know pms girls can do that so you know i'm just walking with caution :p
User 1:  . wow . yeah so ik when i'm pmsing okie
User 2: sorry but i kinda know your this cycle
User 1: i'm not pmsing abhi
User 2: okay . cool then
User 1: yeah but i also kinda know when i pms
User 2: obviously you know  . i can just theorize . oops sorrs
User 1: okie
User 2: but yeah, let's pray you do pms 
User 1: ya fr . i don't wanna panic here . omfg
User 2: let's not talk about that . we both will panic separately . without any support
User 1: haan it's been only twenty-two days since my last period . maybe lesser actually
User 2: around next week this time it should start . or weekend
User 1: i have a longer thingy
User 2: sorry for knowing this cycle
User 1: mine comes in thirty-five days
User 2: okay okay let me know i guess .  .
User 1: another 10-15  days maybe ? . haan it's okay . whats the plan for today . wyd .  . sayy
User 2: inshallah . don't even remember now . you dw man everything you need to no will be conveyed
User 1: fine
User 2: we the working people in a crowded city . we don't plan shit . too tired to socialise . played a game of pool with dik and won but got too tired to stay . and my stomach is upset because the idli in the pg didn't suit me . i was warned by a dude . i have taken four dumps today uff . just in the room hoping rishab doesn't come anytime soonn . do let me know if he texts you anything related to mee 
User 1: jelly  . oopsies . oh man he won't 
User 2: dude . okay i kinda know i shouldn't be telling you this idk why but you know you're a close friend first and it's too funny  . so yesterday when we got drunk enough, me ut and arusha placed a bet . on 14th feb i have to treat them if i land up hooking up with dik else they'll treat me . we getting a bottle of bailey's . hehehheh . should be fun to drink free booze ;)
User 1: wow . 
User 2: see this is how be nice . i can't do the other nice very well . oh bro . so in the fridge upstairs you need a refrigeration box . so i ordered my thing from their app but it hasn't come . so i told them i'm putting it in a bag now don't fucking remove it . and he said yea . and today at dinner i sae
User 1: vah
User 2: all my tomatoes oranges apples yoghurts were fucking ruined
User 1: app ?
User 2: i was so pissed off . yeah like everything payment and service needs to be booked from their app . it's pretty nice actually . but anyway the guy said he wasn't on duty past two days . and then i asked the dude where's my box because i was supposed to get it today . he's like i'm sorry i'll check into it . and that's when he was leaving for the night . uf . but he sounded apologetic so i couldn't even raise my voice . but oh man . i want to make omelettes and shit at night . you know how i get so hungry . too bad ya . you having some me timee ? what you doing . out drinking ?
User 1: hi sorry . oh man fuck . aw . what you eating then ? . what's the plan ?
User 2: na just reading instead . i have snacks from home . dikshita was like omgg i miss itt and i said then you shouldn't have cheated and left for my room
User 1: omg . 
User 2: bro gauri and rishab came rn . and they are going to watch tv now
User 1: accha i'll brb from my smoke
User 2: no . include me . haha no jk . oh man fu . i am j . i love how you tilted the camera thoda upar for the instagram story . hot chocolate ? ?
User 1: heyhey . coffee
User 2: oh man get me some nice coffee from there . so rich in color aiyo i wanna die like that . anyway . i'm going to call it a night . let me know what plans get decided for tomorrow . fun it'll be if three random people meet shit it sounds only lit . sorry for yesterday again . ly . goodnight nushh imy 
User 1: gn kiddo !
User 2: send me one quick snap fast fast . yeah i'm not going to lie i can finally sleep . your face is just positive mann . okayy . snap me shit from your walknif you're using your phone . i get fomo sorry . surburbs no . maybe because of that . yep yep should be fun . but please don't do with a loafer thanks . idm vn live updates . let me know how it goess . whatta a cute kid . okay have fun exploringg goodnightt bcups . haha yeah tbh one of my favorite things . which is why i'm too scared to drive abroad . this i mean . what did you do last night on your walk ?
User 1: heres a song for you . miyazaki movies by olivia prado . nothing muchh . got something to eat . heres a song for you . get you (feat . kali uchis) by daniel caesar . too sexy uff . this is too cute oh gof . there are from the playlist rish made me
User 2: prolly not going to listen to them today . i was having a drag morning . and found out eminem released a surprise album . dude . so you know how everything is very fast in mumbai . i can see the slowness in blore . thoda . and that makes the people here because of that too cordial
User 1: what happened ?
User 2: no work no  . fucking whatsapp changed the way they save chats so have to save all the chats again and schange my code  . so i have some work . i want to send you our graph hahaha
User 1: all okay ? . han i can imagine . lmao  . so ? . you mean in a good way only na
User 2: and i can see everyone is generally thoda more happy here
User 1: so that's not related to the bad morninh . i got confused
User 2: went to fix my shoes
User 1: han
User 2: like small cobbler . he was too nice so had naryal pani with him . arre wasn't bad da . just boredom lol
User 1: oh that's so cute omg . fuck too nice
User 2: coordial is a positive word . uf a shit nlp application will also classify it as positive . yes . reached work ?
User 1: ya ik . but you said that right after saying it's a bad morning . so i was wondering if something happened . lol
User 2: drag morning  . but haa . anyway . i'm glad i'm in bangalore dude
User 1: yup
User 2: oh dude my dad got a mini heart attack . like i told you na he's getting bad . dada
User 1: ya dude it's def the place to be
User 1: yaa . everything good now ? . what happened ?
User 2: arre too many things . so they can perform an angioplasty because of his kidneys . but they'll have to do it compulsory in couple of days .
User 1: ya you mentioned this i think . oh . do you think you should be going to mumbai ? . what're you thinking ?
User 2: i'm going next weekend
User 1: god good
User 2: and he's been in and out many times so can't really just go . like doesn't make sense . this is for moms function but yeah
User 1: ya i guess . accha, what function ?
User 2: sad part is like i'm not sad sad . like theek hai life hai, age aagayi hai . only doctors can help . so when after all the kids get married, the brother is supposed to keep function for his sister's .
User 1: yeah makes sense . it's not easy at that age
User 2: but like it's not compulsory after the marriage so might as well do it now . like one last big kharcha for my mamas . so they are like let's do it now
User 1: if this surgery is particularly risky, def consider going
User 2: angioplasty is more like seeing whatsup
User 1: oh accha
User 2: yes, big function . mom is getting shit tons of money so she's like y'all tell me what all you want  . but anyway . too many things going on in life . i'm just trying to focus on my shit . rest won't change even if i try and i'll be distracted . so yeah kinda  move on my end but that's whats going on
User 1: accha but you said you can't do it cause of some kidney thing . why not .  ? . ya your internet is thoda bad . yeaah . hm it's okay, you do what feels right . just shouldn't have any regrets bas
User 2: because his keratine is high and you can't do heart related stuff when that's the case so they'll try to decrease that now and do angioplasty but even if it doesn't decrease they have to try . yes this building is bad like that sorrs
User 1: okay okay
User 2: yeah i mean we spoke decently this vacation . like more than nothing . because we aren't a talking family . but yeah . anyway . get to work . i'm going to watch india vs australia in the canteen :p
User 1: han . that's good . okie . take care, message whenever . bye . oh the lady came and we did the cheek kiss thingy omg hahaha
User 2: which onee . i'm free only lol . the two cheek kisses ?
User 1: mexican . the latina
User 2: oh . is she hot . hehe . anushka, figure out the bisexual thing please . like whenever, but yeah . lol im excited to know too
User 1: bro she's like really old 
User 2: okay yeah dont go for that . what if you get scarred 
User 1: lmao
User 2: more eda today ?
User 1: ya . that . and i'm learning how to pull data from redis db into python
User 2: bro . i need to learn to use databases with python and al
User 1: haan ?
User 2: argh
User 1: hahahahahaha
User 2: nothing just a thing that has been on my mind . but anyway . work work . yeah so i literally havent done a single company related thing today . haahha . they have kinda forgotten about me lol
User 1: wow 
User 2: so i went to the hr team and told them that hey i exist . they are like oh damn . yeah we'll see
User 1: omg 
User 2: i was like cool and then had filter coffee with jaggery and what not
User 1: wowowow . i feel so sluggish aaj
User 2: because of the cold ?
User 1: very cute omh
User 2: mrigakshi took this loll
User 1: omg
User 2: when they were drunk
User 1: nah i just don't feel like working
User 2: hahaha . get shit from the canteen
User 1: and the girls didn't respond .  .  .  . but this is very nice . and the editing is also on point . she's very artistic . i folow her on insta . oh and she sings so beautifully . very angelic
User 2: those emojis . i dieedd . and im using whatsapp web toh oh man . okay sorry . whats marie pto . upto
User 2: bro her writing . oh wait i took a picture for you when i was in her room baked . oh wow i didnt notice
User 1: i dknt think we can do one more one on one
User 2: she might have done idk
User 1: lmao . def edited . ya i guessed :p . oh this is so pretty . very very well written . oh it makes me feel warm and happy . yet a little sad . okay i dony wanna work only . i just wanna eat . my stomach is making sounds
User 2: she was like i'll send you the picture later and i said no i have to take it to send it to you, have to have to, because since we were high, we would forget . which we kinda ddid but anyway . i need you too read some things and i shall make sure you doo . like these things only . heheheh happens . is theere a cafe or something . try to get food ? . coffee  . it is the baby making noise
User 1: fo . yeah gonna go eat nowq . fuck i dont wanna work only today . hehehehe so cute . ofc 
User 2:  . were you just waiting loll . okay i know you were . oh dude did i tell you that you get an off if it's your birthday . so this dude went to the hr and said birthday saturday ko hai toh monday holiday hai na . and hr was eating and is pissed off today so just gave him a death stare . you're too insightful uf . i love that about you . that about . there's live chaat stall today 
User 1: no i got stuck in this one thngg . hehe . omfg 
User 2: who did you sit withh
User 1: nobody . aaj akeli hoon
User 2: they werent in the lunch area kya ?
User 1: nah not my place to join rn
User 2: okay . the old jenit would have said something else . but this the new me .  . broo do you eat different things everyday ? . i need a routine lunch place man
User 1: this dudes startup shut down . and they're talking to him . it's thoda intense
User 2: damn .
User 1: woah . 
User 2:  . baas going down only now :p
User 1: i spoke to that circle for some timw
User 2: what do you even say in such a situation bro
User 1: and dude that mexican lady . i was sitting next to her . and when everyone left . she was talking to me . so i told her about how i did get a little scared two days bacl . and she told me that she totally understands the struggle . cause she went to america alone and came to france also alone . that dude had left lmao . and she told me it all happens naturally and she told me to be myself . she's legit an angel lmao . and she told me to come and meet her family . so i said, "ya i guess i need to go out and talk to people more and blah blah" . and she goes like, "no you just have to be yourself and keep yourself open to everything and i can see you do that already" . yeah i feel good haha . also that dude . who i said was cute . but was always giving me looks . yeah turns out he's eighteen  . so he's also kind of awkward around here
User 2: yes you are that person that's true knowing you for so long . when did this happen . ohh . so we know your first fuck . oh that one when only two of y'all were there in the morning  ?
User 1: yaa . are you mad . he's a child . and the other dude who's genuinely cute i think he's like thirty 
User 2: oh he said you were cute when ?
User 1: he never called me cute man wtf
User 2:  . time for a nice sex cocktail . men and boys together . he my dude
User 1: i said that he was cutee . aw . man he's 18, he's basically as old as my brother
User 2: oh man i read it wrong when i become j 
User 2: teach him what it's like to have a "sister" . 
User 1: ew . dude . ihy
User 2: why
User 1: this is why 
User 2: i really like game of thrones . dude just imagine have such a step sister . hey anushka you ready for some raksha bandhan ?
User 1: man . ya you fulfill all these fantasies w your new girl
User 2: yep the new (old) girl . in in in
User 2: oh bro so i am going out with pearl gang . and no drivers have change in bangalore . so i was worried . but when i left my room only dikshita came in an auto . so i asked her for change . and guess who removes the wallet i gifted her  . im like yeah nice wallet . she awkward laughs then . bitch i burnt everything she gave me because none of was actually usable . and well she gave me more of hand made shit . uff what money i wasted on her ohoo . regrets
User 1: aw . uf
User 2: yeah no i was hoping she would return something . jk
User 1: oh man 
User 2: but yeah she isn't worth a 7k wallet
User 1: kya karta uska
User 2:  . mom would use it duh
User 1: bc
User 2: exactly
User 1: wow
User 2: bro my parents gifted her what not  . her mom got mithai for me 
User 1: wow 
User 2: when they came for fracture
User 1: wowowowow
User 2: yeah i'm not giving her the one hundred i took today
User 2: slowly j have to mooch off of her 
User 1: okay im actually laughing .  . smart move cap
User 2: i prefer daddy anushka .  . is the afternoon sleep kicking in ?
User 1: exactement
User 2: hehehe . good use french . bro i was on the way then . i'm still in the auto  . 7km oh man . and this is the end of traffic time
User 1: omg . wtf
User 2: i'm coming to a good area finalyy . like thoda posh . not bad not bad . this bar has three floors
User 1: ya this was common in hyd alsp
User 2: okay fine you're better than me . arusha is smoking properly
User 1: woah woah
User 2: oh man these guys are already too drunk already for me to socialise with them
User 1: oh ya ik that feel . it's okie . you also get drunk . ay
User 2: hello . done with work no
User 1: yaas
User 2: fridayhu nighht . someone finally puked . finally can leave hopefully
User 1: omg  . i'm thoda today . tipsy
User 2: hahahha . who are you withh . i'm so glad it finally happened with office peeps
User 1: no it didnt . i'm alone
User 2: um . okay . m . what are you tipsy on . i wanna video call you for a bit . what's your scene tell mee . yeah the bill was 15k that k god . hi . i'm back . what you doing
User 1: hey hey . watching something . i ate maggi lmao
User 2: tipsy part ? ?
User 1: i was pretty drunk . hey . i'm watching jack ryan okie . sorry for cutting abruptly . i got scared . message when you sleep
User 2: yeah def not rude . i wanted to loudly say goodnight anushka
User 1: sorry
User 1: ugh
User 2: yeah i should really watch . done next series . or maybe after the witcher . but he came back and started talking about splitting  . you ruin boys uff . how come you have such an affect on boy after being so ugly ? . yeah it's too fucking late  . but it's fun to talk to you man how do i get over you and talk to other girks . but i realised today after seeing with arusha that oh bro girls in bangalore are hot .
User 1: hehehe told you . ya dude it is
User 2: ab tumhare liye what's early what's late
User 1: ya it's eleven here
User 2: but because of all the negative thoughts i had regarding him being my roommate i don't think i'll get a good vibe if i get high with him . yeah fuck you for turning me into a night person . when i told dikshita i started sleeping late and all she said omg i tried for three years and failed and i was like dekh anushka kidhar aur tum kidhar . today was a late morning lol . next job is to score
User 1: sorted . dude honestly won't be that bad don't worries . worry . maybe try once and see ? . omg  . ho gaya ?
User 2: yeah no i don't fuck with my highs so doubt i'll change that . so i called one dude and he was asking too many questions . and now i just met navneet with soumya and asked him and he told me to ask naman tyagi . so i texted him  . so the weather is damn nice . so decided to start cosmos till some  gets arranged . did you have your milk and cereal heheh
User 1: ay nicenice . so prettyy . smartt . no no . going out abhi . to some cafe . i'll eat something there
User 2: cuttee . i wanted to go to this french cafe here but oh well i checked my wallet and kinda laughed . drinking is hard with pearl people ya . for few beers and two shots i had to pay 1300 . uf . but anyway . what are you planning to do today
User 1: omg hahahaha . 1 . get ready . one is done . now two
User 2: you're meeting marie again ?
User 1: yup . at night . for wine
User 2: i thought you said no more one on ones hahaha . yeah you look to clean
User 1: alexandra may join
User 2: why couldn't you do that in manipal argh . pretty lady
User 1: wow . clean . that's the compliment i get
User 2: noice . not that kinda clean  . like oh on point clean . maybe if you sent more snaps you'd get better compliments but yeah if i don't get snaps you don't get good words . hehehhe . i used my new shampoo today
User 1: you're rude
User 2: snaps of your face only da after getting ready 
User 1: yaa
User 2: not snaps
User 1: ik
User 2: hahaha no jk
User 1: still rude
User 2: but yeah you look really nice this morning . it sucks how your hair will grow again when we meet
User 1: thank you 
User 2: i really liked in that one week when i got ti experience it 
User 1: lololol . i'll cut it da
User 2: for one week again i'll have fun before you go to hyd or i leave for bangalore . cool . worth it . imy cutie . sorry kinda wanted to say that hehe . i shall listen to your songs noe
User 1: aw . why say sorry sush . shush . imy2 . idhar aa jao . it'll be fun . you won't like them 
User 2: you know i say sorry after being weird no  . no . choduga nahi tumhe phir tum office kaise jaoge
User 1: bro
User 2: in that cold i can see myself just cuddling with you . ha
User 1: check out this meetup with girls of paris tomorrow . hehehehehhe cutie
User 2: in miyazaki movies when she said that dw about me sleeping i'm still beaming, i was likr anushka ki tarah she's also lying
User 1: her voice is so cutee
User 2: ae the description looks perfect especially the mandatory drinking  . and board games . argh . they have none here stupid people
User 1: idm lnao
User 2: seems like a really nice place
User 1: ya
User 2: ohvi know
User 1: i confirmed that i'm going . you shutup . i drink much lesser than you  . only two wine glasses till now
User 2:  . zero glasses of wine for me so booho
User 1: yeah . let's talk about how much you drank kal . and before that
User 2: its been seven days and three times already fucks  . yesterday we took fireball shots also  . but eh . i feel freshh . especially because i didn't pass out and had nice long convo after o came bsck . we spoke for 1 .5 hours wow
User 1: haan . omg 
User 2: yeah i like you .
User 1: this place is forty-five mins away from me  . like you too bby . bro . i think i put too much makeup . fuck . wearing eyeliner also
User 2:  . you look like the  you don't get in manipap . bahut saras .
User 2: argh okay yeah please always keep your hair short only . bhai tu  dikh rahi hai . would bang 1010 if you ask me . dw it's not a lot of . make uo . you could do some on your nails thoo . do for tomorrow go nice and prepared . okay i like like get you . kinda gave me goosebumps and made my nipples hard 
User 1: consent one hundred
User 2: oh who would've thought i would get you .
User 1: i don't have nail polish
User 2: soon .
User 1: what ?
User 2: the song . and the dudes voice . the whoo part wow . neverm
User 1: lmao . oh accha 
User 2: i'm chilling with the pg people . three languages are going on
User 1: omg hahaha . which one
User 2: hindi english telgu . bro . met the wrong people  . they are scoring today and they have bongs and all also here  . i think saturday night will be fun
User 1: oh shit
User 2: oh that dude is a proper stoner like i was in manipal . i don't think i can keep up that heree . went to the cafe ?
User 1: hehehehhee . yas
User 2: when will you send me moody tones snap of the stuff your eating hahah . everything you eat looks proper instagramabke onkyn . and i'm here going to thelas
User 1: i'm too scared of ordering . i feel bad cause i'm still converting to rupees . i need to stop . but yeah need to stop doing the rupee thing
User 2: hahaha yeahh . i've never been abroad for so long that i became used to it . you have to force yourself because you will be :p . four hundred bucks for a coffee, why not . sorry . i was honing my pool skills . o i met a cse dude older than us but he also did his first year in ms hyd . he's like even he was more busy on the weekends than weekends because he did soo much tp . hahhahaha . i'll add all these people bro . mast referrals i should get . hi
User 1: hihi . yaa . ya man i only drink espressos cause at local places they're really cheap
User 2: cappuccinos are best
User 1: ya sometimes these
User 2: espresso are like machine mai bhi aisa hi taste hai bc . but ate no ?
User 1: espresso is like 1 .3-2 euros . cappuccino is like 4 . yupp . feeling too full . in the room now . gonna leave in fifteen
User 2: okay yeah that's steep . your stomach shows . golu polu you sre
User 1: lmao . yeah that's what . that's why espressos . they go well w sutta also
User 2: oh you smoke . uff . i don't like girls who smoke . ew . what is smoking
User 1: lmao . people smoke more than twenty a day ! ? . fuck
User 2: yeah there was a 4mg one too . been there when we started talking uff . break up phase
User 1: han
User 2: bro yesterday when rishab was drunk we spoke thoda .
User 1: yeah gotta be careful w this shit
User 2: and rn toh no one has said a single word
User 1: oh how was it
User 2: arre the  part only
User 1: han
User 2: or hope that a girl comes in your life and helps you get your shit together
User 1: omg  . hahahahha
User 2: no this was the compliment . that you want . when i give you laugh . tum nahi hote toh oh god kya hotaa . fuck i remember how happy you got when i showed that night  . oh bro i really miss you . anyway leave fast to meet that girl . what are you planning . just realised i was going through your pictures when rishab is five feet away awkward . i'm stupid sometimes . hey
User 1: up  ? . pls say yrs . imn3 drunk . idk how i make it hack . pls pick yp
User 2: oh man anushka you stupid girl . yeah i kinda was worried because you weren't so awol . i'm up because i kept waking up every few hours . you stupid girl . but you're back phew . now i can sleep . but yeah um wtf happened last night
User 1: hey . you up .  ? ?
User 2: yes
User 1: hi . gm . to you . i just got back . it's 1:40 am
User 2: wtf
User 1: fuck
User 2: i wanna say good one but you're drunk
User 1: i got too drunk . dude honestly . what a great experience .  . best . i had so much fun . fuck . fuck fuck fuck
User 2: video call ?
User 1: i wanna make maggi again . okay
User 2: they are so drunk they are making tik tok .  . he's like utne tally hai
User 1: wtf .  . wow
User 2: how's the warm bowl of happinesses
User 1: better than sex
User 2: will remember that for when you actually become  . i'll get one bowl of maggi 
User 1: yes pls
User 2: anyway we cook so kuch . okay wow cool . cutie . sleep soon ha . drink water .  . and snap me your drunk face to
User 1: drinking . they look like the one thousand, nine hundred and seventy-five la album vover
User 2: i love how your text becomes normal after eating and sobering up  . aiyo even j want maggi now
User 1: lmao
User 2: and next to it is pheonix . i went here . i think i wanna go here today . i'll see everything . slept ? . oh man these guys are playing beach boyss . hey . what you upto . have fun at your itinerary . outing . okay i'm going to call it goodnight then
User 1: hi sorry i didn't message . my phone was away the entire time . thank you !
User 2: i'm sure
User 1: hey . is everything okay ? . what did you do last night ?
User 2: drank in the hostel and then went drinking with rush
User 1: ohh . nicee .  ?
User 2: how was your day
User 1: don't ignore
User 2: yep
User 1: doesn't sound okay . are you mad at me ?
User 2: arre you tell me about your day toh 
User 1: say
User 2: no why would i . tell tell i'm excited to know
User 1: you say first . what happened ?
User 2: arre nothing da wtf
User 1: okay . this scared me
User 2: tell me about your day
User 1: wow something is wrong . i'm sorry i didn't really message yesterday . nobody around me was using their phone
User 2: omg you're not telling me only what all did you do
User 1: because you're not telling me . why aren't you telling me ?
User 2: it's fine man you were busy
User 1: how's office going ?
User 2: i had a test in the morning and that was funny
User 1:  ?
User 2: yeah k need to start studying properly
User 1: oh damn . lmao
User 2: jesus can you just go on and tell me about your day . just because i'm not talking like this you think i'm madd . no . i'm scared for my grandfather he has a bypass this week
User 1: ohh
User 2: so can you continue if you're not busy smh .
User 1: which day ? . look if you're not reacting normally ofc i'll ask . how can i continue talking about my thing if you're not feeling fine
User 2: before friday . depending on the condition can get preponed also . because if i say it's fine then it's fine . i'll tell you everything you need to know and you know that . relax . breatheb . new day
User 1: okay okay and that angioplasty thing ?
User 2: tell me about your crawl
User 1: wow .
User 2: uske jagah they have to do bypass
User 1: look i'm just asking . you can just tell me things are not fine and you don't wanna talk about it . and we won't .
User 2: i dont want to talk about whatever you think is not fine . and i'm in a meeting that's why i se hyper . anyway . tell me about your day whenever if you're free
User 1: it clearly wasn't so . do you think you should go back home ?
User 2: it is . friday i'll go
User 1: okay
User 2: noice . so yeah tell me about your yesterdays exp . it's fine honestly don't think about it not okay . you'll also get bt for no reason
User 1: will send vn . i won't dude . just wanna be there for you . fuck that looks great
User 2: okiee . it's a my thing bro . nahi toh would have shared . i know you always are babe thank you ly . but it was lit no ?
User 1: lol . okay tc . ya ofc
User 2: haha beauts . man i have one more test today and then next two weeks everyday one test . idek what idk . rip
User 1: chee
User 2: bro they are scamming me . they are like your role includes platform engineer thing in the first half . so i won't be working on python or ml for couple of months . argh . australian thing is hitting me now . and yeah bangalore food doesn't go well with me
User 1: ya this is generally the case tho . for slightly bigger companies . idk i've noticed
User 2: yes so that you know cloud deployment . i mean i understand . but oh well . dikshita tried to cut it yesterday lol she did her best but yeah i ded
User 1: ew . fuck . have fun
User 2: chalo then i'll go to my test you workk . how's that going butt
User 1: best of luck . very well !
User 2: found something ? . accha work work . argh even i want to work with python . nevermind . text me when free
User 1: i'm so sleepy fuck . i fell asleep while my stuff was loading
User 2:  . after lunch things only
User 1: ya dude
User 2: oh man this aws is a fuck all thing . there's soo much . i was just googling how to do each and everything
User 1: oh
User 2: i just played cricket  . for the cricket league . i am new so they were like go bat bat i played two balls and then lost one ball and they took the bat away 
User 1: omg 
User 2: done with work ?
User 1: yaas . just gonna leave now . wyd
User 2: just got done with dinner . watching master of none with that microsoft dude . yeah he's high
User 1: oh nice
User 2: he's having death by chocolate . yeah it was getting weird . made an excuse . going to my romm now
User 1: omg jelly . too sexual ?  . okie . i just bought a veggie sandwich . getting it packed . i'll heat it at home . i had a light lunch . and i'll go to some cafe and drink a coffee
User 2: that's only with dikshita . nothing he was just not giving good vibes idk why
User 1: good one, looks like we know who's getting free lowuor . liquor . acchaa
User 2: worth the baileys
User 1: totes . agree
User 2: kitna caffeine aiyo . but yeah do it  . if i continue this more you'll get pissed so nvm . lol
User 1: i haven't had coffee today yo .  . i like it w my sutt . no i wont pakka :p . little more is fine
User 2: yeah i've noticed you do it in evenings there
User 1: to do it at office . i need a cup
User 2: na i don't want to do
User 1: which i don't have . and i keep forgetting to buy one
User 2: you have a cup .
User 1: what . like not mine . i don't wanna keep a cup at office which isn't mine and is nelly's . oh i have to buy cereal
User 2: i meant the kneel one .
User 1: and milk . oh ya . fuck . i do . ya but i cant use that office na 
User 2: it's a show reference so well
User 1: umm . it's also sexual . af
User 2: but you haven't used it at home also so well
User 1: oh i hope i dont forget else i'll die in the morning . ya i haven't drank anything at home
User 2: oh . bro yesterday when i was getting ready to meet rush . i remove my pants in the room because i was alone and was just arranging stuff . and then rishab came in . but i was like eh because i was already tipsy . and behind him vasvi also came in and saw me . yeah i kinda panicked . ran behind the door and told her wait wait . lol that was fun . but yeah idk they were probably going for a date
User 1: oh fuck .  . wowowow
User 2: i'll be waiting for your vn . okay i'm going to sleep . night
User 1: gn !
User 2: maybe we'll talk about my thing tomorrow . let me sleep on it and see 
User 1: okie
User 2: nevermind no no not happening . urgh . sorry . bye
User 1: byee . it's okay . gn
User 2:  .
User 1: hey gm
User 2: hello
User 1: hehe
User 2: does it snow over there . no na . like river was clearly there lol so
User 1: it does . idk if it will now
User 2: arre when you were there . you will be inside only lol
User 1: no i would tell you ofc . if it had . no i wanna be in the snow
User 2: soon hopefully
User 1: i hope so . wyd . all okay ?
User 2: yep just practicing stuff on ec2 . ttyl
User 1: okay bro . listen if there's something wrong you tell me, if you don't wanna talk tell me
User 2: nothing of the sort
User 1: cause yesterday also you were being cryptic . like this
User 2: its me da . i'm only the stupid one . it's fine you relax . thoda self realisations i had that i have to accept lel
User 1: oh . okay okay . i just feel like i'm bothering you so i'm just gonna stop talking . take care
User 2: no these are related to you somewhat, and in general too, so that's why i think im being weird with you . you never bother me you know that . dw im waiting for the day to tell you that anushka you are the only one bothering me so stop
User 1: okay makes sense . don't do stuff like this then
User 2: okay
User 1: you can just tell me this instead of being cryptic like that
User 2: the thing is i really dont want to tell you specifically
User 1: it's okay . you don't have to . if you don't want to
User 2: yep
User 1: this just makes it worse . yeah but anyway
User 2: i drunk discussed this with arusha and she saidd i should talk about it . so i was on the fence
User 1: even better ty
User 2: and then well i decided not to
User 1: okay yeah i'm going i'll ttyl
User 2: bye . wait was this sarcasm
User 1: ofc
User 2: yeah okay . i'm doing what i think is better and less stupid for me . i don't want to come off as what i think i will . so yeah . text soon . bye
User 1: yeah . i'm gonna stop texting you from now on cause idk what's going on in your head and my brain is imagining the worst
User 2: yeah its nothing like that . i still like you . i dont wanna say much . you dont imagine itna bad . its nothing you did . please relax . and be normal because that's what i need . like that will happen lol
User 1: i'm sorry if it's something relating to me i like transparency . but okay
User 2: not going to happen anytime soon .
User 1: you do you
User 2: so are you talking to me or not
User 1: so just for my mental health i'm gonna distance myself from you
User 2: if its nothing you did then how is it even related to you
User 1: you said it's related to me
User 2: i mean not related to you, but like concern you ? it concerns me only and if i needed to include you then i would have because you're the go to person for help for me . wrong words sorry . in this i cant include you . not that i dont want to . understand thoda
User 1: yeah this make me a little weird . makes . i can't, not this
User 2: arre i didn't do anything wrong if thats what you got from it . 
User 1: no that's not what i think
User 2: haan good . now relax . work acchese
User 1: yeah . not happening
User 2: ily . oh man
User 1: i'm gonna go jen
User 2: okay chalo . lets regroup during your lunch
User 1: i'm not gonna message you until you wanna talk about something . i've already tried to reduce it if you've noticed . but i felt bad
User 2: why
User 1: so i sent this . lmao
User 2: why have you reduced . okay this seems like a proper discussion . can we do this later please, today only but a bit later ?
User 1: no no i'm not talking any further . dw . never happened
User 2: let's be stubborn then . work hard . bye .
User 1: it's just that it irks me more that if it's something about me and you can talk to arusha about it . and knowing arusha . she always avoids confrontation . and if she things you should be telling me . makes me feel even worse that you can't
User 2: because i know all the facts and im just being stupid about some things and i've always been stupid about this with the girls in the past too which is why i wanna not make the same mistakes again . but we'll talk about how i always hide stuff too . later please . im working now . will text during your lunch .
User 1: bye
User 2: bye ily . hi . imy . you deleted this message . yes so it's not like i keep hiding things from you . just because i become quite on dates is because i like to listen to you and just be in the moment and absorb everything . and other times when i actually don't tell you things is because i know for a fact i know how you'll feelhow i'll come off to you as and i don't want that to happen because its not worth it and somethings mai even i have to be realistic and grow up and accept things . it's happened in the past and now i know when you can share those things and when you can't . and i'm sorry you're in this position because i can't really treat you at a friend level because you're not . you're the girl i like and that entails not saying bs once in a while
User 1: not about being quiet it's about not telling me things . it's different .
User 2: when have i not shared my feelings with you
User 1: man not that . maybe you shouldn't like me if you can't share things w me that are actually bothering you
User 2: yeah in my experience the girl starts doing that especially after i talk to them about the things i don't want to you about . if you want that then please go ahead and distance yourself with me . i'll try to do the same then . and why have you been distancing . tell me . that i wanna know .
User 1: don't understand this . maybe i shouldn't tell you ? . jk jk . chill
User 2: exactly it's a guy ish thing and trust me i know we shouldn't talk about it . i can't force yiu
User 1: okay . cool
User 2: tell me .
User 1: i feel like you've made some assumptions about me . which you've decided are totaly correct . and i dont think you realise . how you not sharing things in whatever this is is actually a step in a bad direction . it's bad for any two people . not just us
User 2: i agree with this but go on
User 1: but . you do what you want
User 2: tell me which assumptions specifically
User 1: "i know for a fact how you'll feel" . and hence not sharing it . but you're still feeling it . if it's gonna make me feel shitty . i'd rather know now . than drag this on
User 2: not shitty for sure anushka
User 1: then wtf will i feel
User 2: because you've already told me, . no other reason
User 1: bro i hate playing these games . and they're also something i can't look past . cause i like transparency . this doesn't make it better btw
User 2: bro i don't do gamesnand you should know that by now .
User 1: you're still feeling it na . yeah that's what i thought but if this isn't that then idk what it is
User 2: not exactly . like it's a long process and i'll know eventually but i def know if it starts and it kinda did
User 1: it doesn't make you some smart grown up
User 2: okay i swear to go for both our mental heakths sake i'm not playing mind games . i like you way more than fucking your head for no reason or petty reason j swear babe . no trust me this thing kinda does . that's why . anushka i swear to god it's a me thing . and like i've noticed this about me over the years . and i know you aren't like the girls who came before in my life . far away from that .
User 1: yeah but i'd rather know a you thing
User 2: but if i can learn something without harming our relationship and learn something on the way then that's best for me .
User 1: because if it's a deal breaker if rather know now
User 2: if you were a friend you would . no da .  . it's not that fucked up
User 1: it could be for me
User 2: omg . you relax
User 1: this is a deal breaker tbh
User 2: okay fuck everything
User 1: yo stfu
User 2: can you trust me ? . trust trust ? . i'm sorry then .
User 1: yeah cause i cant fake being completely okay w being left in the dark
User 2: if you can, then trust me, it's not a big thing at all . but if it solves a me problem, then that will be a very big step for me towards maturity
User 1: and sit and nicely share w you about my day and blah blah . anyway i'm going i've to work . bye
User 2: anushka the only reason it's related to you is because you are the girl i like like rn . same thing would happen to any other girl too . so since it's general, it's honestly a thing i'll get over myself . and its not serious . yeah tbh your recent distancing hasn't allowed that and i'm fucking waiting for you to share dets about your day .
User 1: yeah i can't do that
User 2: cool then .
User 1: okay get back to me when you can talk to me like w grown up
User 2: you don't tell me about why you distanced as well .
User 1: a . and give me a little closure
User 2: cool then i'll see you at manipal or something
User 1: lol
User 2: atb for your work
User 1: nothing dude it was just yesterday and day before idk i get a feeling that something is wrong i can't sit and share everything about my life it's just me . i feel weird if i do that simple
User 2: wrong with me that's why you couldn't tell me ?
User 1: just wrong in general . like the way you were replying
User 2: with you  ? . oh
User 1: i asked you also . i can't ignore those things like you do
User 2: anushka trust me distance is not anproblem for me . like sharing wise . if i want to share something i will do it even when you're in office or wherever because i know you care . sometimes all i need is for you to talk or someone to talk . to me . and that's why i fucking wait for your daily adventure stories . and if you don't give me that when i need it you know i'm not going to be normal after that .
User 1: ya okay . i can give you small tak . talk . i don't have any expectations from you at all . no worries
User 2: t . hi . dadas surgery tomorrow . i'm sorry . we'll talk about my thing after you get done from work but don't tell me after that i didn't warn you
User 1: did you talk to him ? . how is he feeling ?
User 2: i'll call today after office . i doubt i'll be able to talk to him . it's not in the visiting hours
User 1: yeah tell me how if this happens and how he's feeling
User 2: how what happens
User 1: oh sorry i typed it wrong . if the call happens, let me know how he's feeling
User 2: so he doesn't even know it's a major surgery . it's going to be four hours long . 97 survival rate but that's good . i couldn't focus at work and all the meetings taking place in mumbai, i'm kinda fucked for work that i don't like . i just broke down while on the phone . yeah i'm sorry i'm not going to be in the state to talk about it . it's okay just small talk to me till the time i clear it out with you
User 1: oh shit . why aren't they telling him ? . okay that sounds good . oh shitt . ya sounds bad . dw it's gonna get better soon . oh god are you free in half an hour or so ? . ofc don't apologize pls
User 2: because then bp will go up and then he already puked on high bp recently
User 1: oh okay okay
User 2: i'm going to stone and then let's see
User 1: okay let me know if you wanna talk on the phone or anything
User 2: can we talk normally please . i don't like the distancy thing at all . i just need you to be normal rn . whatever your problem is with me can be resumed and settle soon . maybe this weekend also but anyway
User 1: yeah i'm being normal only . who are you gonna stone with ?
User 2: alone lol .  is actually damn nice lol . so every wednesday my office has a team huddle . last week it was canned blah blah so today he's like we'll call you on the podium just say a few words . chutiya after introducing sahil started saying his hobbies . and i was like shit i have to so extra things too except my name . so i said i'm from mumbai and new to bangalore so i would love to see new places . there's prost (fancy bar) three floors above us so if someone wants to show me around i'm in . in front of two hundred people 
User 1: lmao . pagal . but it's fine only . you're a grown up
User 2: bro j hate the fake confident me
User 1: not too bad
User 2: i have public speaking fear . so i developed this personality  . anyway . catch me up with your work . i'm kinda lost about paris
User 1: nothing much work is going well really feel like i've learnt so muchh . but i'm finding it a little difficult to visualise and yse stuff
User 2: o
User 1: and tomorrow is gonna be mainly that
User 2: learning is main . like what have yeah decided
User 1: don't know i'll see tomorrow
User 2: is terence back
User 1: yup
User 2: how's it working with him . okay i'm going to sleep
User 1: good good . okay, gn, sleep well
User 2: and i'm still waiting on your pub crawl day
User 1: ya will tell you later
User 2: what you doing
User 1: walking aroundd . message me tomorrow
User 2: no no talk . which place today you'll eat at
User 1: nothing i'm thinking what to do . idk . i'm thinking
User 2: too cold no ? . get mid week wine
User 1: yeaah . i'm wearing two layers
User 2: wow
User 1: naa i got too drunk on saturday i dont want
User 2: yeah followed by that beaut maggie . i was so j . cutee
User 1: haha ya
User 2: imy anushka and i swear i'll clear everything out . imy . ily . send pics from tonight wherever you go . and i sorry again . goodnight cutiepie
User 1: goodnightt . take care . message me tomorrow about how everything goes
User 2: it started around 9 . six hours it will take . so i did notice what you said finally . maybe it's a habit now . but yeah i blow smoke sideways 
User 1: okay okay . how's it going any idea ? . yeah i know
User 2: no i asked my parents for update they just said it'll take six hours instead of four oops . oh visualising today . i shall pray matplotlib supports you lel . gm
User 1: accha accha . ya frr . gm . i haven't even reached office yet
User 2: late today o . what did you do last night finally
User 1: they reach at ten dude . i made risotto at home
User 2: oh lol you stop going at 9:15 then . oh mann show pic ? . i want to cook too
User 1: you shouldd
User 2: i have so many onions and tomatoes and capsis . yes i must . i get too tired after this training thing
User 1: yeah
User 2: i hope my team comes early ya other wise the whole day gets wasted uff
User 1: yeah tru
User 2: it's one degree again omg . okay wow you don't even have a cold . how is your immune system so good after so much smoking :p
User 1: i don't smoke much . today i left cigs at home . i try to smoke only one a day
User 2: dude the gums are actually helpful . and you haven't even completed the first pack right ?
User 1: do you listen to dire straits ? . one left
User 2: woah . i'm proud of you . no but i love rock . i was listening to nirvana while going through gcp docs  . okay nevermind i played some random song and i've heard it  . okay dada is stable . now two days on the ventilator
User 1: that's really good, i'm glad
User 2: yes . tell which songs
User 1: how are you feeling ? . nothing was just listening to them today morning .
User 2: yeah so now after getting relieved i'm pissed off at the workers at my dad's office . incompetent fucks
User 1: hmm . why
User 2: cute . man i already signed the same doent regarding my bank account and they still haven't updated net and mobile banking on mine . and the office is literally a floor above the bank . and then they are like we go ten times and they aren't there . it's been over a fucking month . bro it's just because i'm the kid in their eyes no one takes my shit seriously .
User 1: accha
User 2: ever . yeah i'm not going to be treated like that anymore . what time do banks shut
User 1: they're probably shut . now . not too sure
User 2: rn yes . it's fine i'm ready to fuck his case tomorrow when the bank opens . anyway . hey okay we need to talk at night today
User 1: i'll let you know if tonight is possible . there's some office mixer type thingy
User 2: what's that . like is the entire incubator going or just your company
User 1: my floor i think not too sure . may be all idk
User 2: o nice . find you a boi . white boi
User 1: they'll all be talking in french . terence bought me a beer
User 2: go in with your indian cultureb . aee
User 1: idk if i should pay back or idk
User 2: between office ?  . no
User 1: no for tonight
User 2: don't ask also .
User 1: yeah not asking
User 2: oh it's going to be there only ?
User 1: ya . there's some room
User 2: aee nice nice . are you wearing good clothes ? :p
User 1: decent
User 2: haha are you nervous
User 1: little bit . mainly cause of the language barrier
User 2: but you have your immigrant group hehe . yeah true but dw office people won't be mean . that's why they are staying back for the get together lol . should be funn
User 1: they've been here for some time they all know french . let's see
User 2: but you're the 21year old girl who doesn't look her age and you get that drunk confidence too fastt . so eh
User 1: ik i can manage if they speak english lol
User 2: it's okay you see the environment when you're there . hahah yeah obv
User 1: but i cant push everytime for english . like sometimes if they laugh i ask what happened
User 2: not like you have an option
User 1: and then someone explains it to me . but can't do that every time
User 2: oh yeah probably shouldn't do it all the time :p smart
User 1: sometimes it's an in the moment thingy . yeah
User 2: it's okay you drink the boozee
User 1: can't be explained so i can figure out when it's that
User 2: yeah bro i feel you can be perceptive irrespective of the language . sounds like an interesting night . let me know if i should stay up if you'll be back in time tho okay . like just let me know your plann
User 1: yeah will do ttyl
User 2: okayy . um hi ? . nevermind goodnight
User 1: hi . just got back . can't really talk now tho
User 2: it's only 7:45
User 1: my grandparents dog is gonna be put down tomorrow . kidney failure
User 2: oh man . i'm so sorry . 
User 1: yeaah
User 2: you grew up with it right .  ?
User 1: didn't spend too much time
User 2: but still
User 1: a little bit . but my cousin sister spent a lot of time . i'll talk to her
User 2: yes please do that . oh man
User 1: yeah byee . i'll talk to you tomorrow or something
User 2: cool
User 1: def going for a sutta . i didn't have any on me
User 2: just one of those days . it's alright . how was the mixer tho . chalo chalo sorry lol byee take care
User 1: yeah thanks . went well
User 2: okay . dude it's the first time i'm hearing this kinda rap . i really like it woahh
User 1: ya truee
User 2: gm . def listen to this one at heart . least
User 1: yepp okay . send the name
User 2: i just want to make love to you (single version) etta james
User 1: cool ty
User 2: hey . finally reached the airport . lol
User 1: oh good good . safe flight . take care
User 2: are you still working
User 1: ya . tell me how it's like at home when you reach
User 2: are you working . or working working
User 1: lol the former
User 2: okay hi . hows the new visualising part coming along
User 1: not bad . terence liked it
User 2: show me cool graphs . i'm an hour early lol
User 1: nothing just hist and density plots and pie charts lol . and time series stuff . w seasonality highlighted . good good
User 2: sounds too hoott . did you talk to new people yesterday and how drunk were you yesterday
User 1: no no it was pretty official . spoke to cute dude who knows zero english but i opened his beer bottle w my teeth so he was chill
User 2: hahahah baller . show off . but yeah it's too attractive
User 1: the lady came to me asking me if i drink cause i look innocent and then i did this . and she just died right there
User 2: which lafyy . latina ? . tell me which one should i order . found out about one more procedure hehe
User 1: yeah sorry was in a meeting
User 2: lol it's okay
User 1: have a safe flightt . i can't stop the smoking completely
User 2: can't text ? . where's this coming from 
User 1: i can i'm just wondering when you have to fly . just i wanna smoke after this
User 2: i'll tell you you dw . but if a pack lasted you for so long your clearly not addicted to it that badly . so with a cute cup of hot coffee in cold weather, banta hai naa
User 1: yeah . that's what i tell myself . i'm hungry af
User 2: six na . work not over ?
User 1: yeah good timings are different here . almost . food
User 2: lunch is too early for you i feel
User 1: yeah but everyone here eats at that time
User 2: or have you adjusted to the early meal thing ?
User 1: yeah i hve
User 2: what about thepla munching at twelve am 
User 1: that would've happened otherwise alsp
User 2: hahaha . hey any plans for the weekeneds ?
User 1: don't know
User 2: if yes can you still squeeze in a video call with moi ?
User 1: normal call . not video
User 2:  . ?
User 1: it's not like we're chill and all rn idk if you can tell
User 2: ik that
User 1: yeah so normal call
User 2: that's why i want to clear everything out . okay
User 1: cool thanks
User 2: yeah get ready for some talky weekend
User 1: yep
User 2: kinda got bored this week wo you . accha okay chalo enjoy your night bye
User 1: sorry i wrnt offline
User 2: ha
User 1: talking to terence . he was telling me . how valuable he thinks i am to newspill lol . i almost cried . this cold gives me full body convulsions
User 2: it's windy also no . well deserved
User 1: yeah
User 2: nothing less
User 1: can't yype
User 2: okay you enjoy your sutt now
User 1: okay . gn
User 2: yeah yeah i'll text after reaching home . gn
User 1: col . hey i'm sorry i've been distant . it comes naturally to me when i feel hurt
User 2: i know the reason
User 1: it works for me
User 2: no complaints
User 1: but yeah . just wanted to put that out there
User 2: bro during the discussion you'll find out what a deadlock we're in haha
User 1: otherwise i get pissed and angry and then i'll probably say stuff i dont mean entirely . okay
User 2: like you don't have any expectations from me ? . or did you mean that 
User 1: i think i meant it partially . not sure . but i guess i'm a little extra that way
User 2: but what do you even mean by that . i haven't ever done anything to hurt your unsaid expectations or even been a  in any way .
User 1: sometimes i put too much hope and faith into something and then this mild inconvenience happens and then i'm immediately on shut down . yeah i'm still figuring out how i work . but something small happens and suddenly i'm on guard
User 2: okay i understand this
User 1: so yup, when you messaged all that stuff, i kind of shut down . but yeah i think i'm reaching a neutral state now . not happy or sad . low expectations
User 2: sorry for making you go numb i guess .
User 1: it's both our thing tbh . it's my thing as well . that i need to know everything
User 2: you will
User 1: look at this point . you don't have to tell me . i reacted that way then . but if you don't want to, don't . and i mean it
User 2: that's the thing . you'll kinda know the deadlock thing and understand that we kinda want the same thing only . so no conflict of interest
User 1: okay
User 2: except me giving away a bad quality of meto you . like revealing it
User 1: do what you feel is ok for you
User 2: you wanna play the diplomatic game now ?
User 1: ya
User 2: so later you can say oh j told you it's okay if you don't wanna say . and now you'll say yes i actually mean it
User 1: yeah i'm not saying it cause of that
User 2: then ?
User 1: i'm thinking clearer now
User 2: yeah i know not specifically this reason .
User 1: instead of thinking using my feelings . but thinking objectively
User 2: mind clearing my confusion away if what you're clear about
User 1: but if you wanna believe i'm this person you can
User 2: like i said i know not this man . i know you're not that kinda person jeez .  .
User 1:  .
User 2: okay . so are you implying anything specific to me ?
User 1: no not implying anything at all . just saying . that the way i was thinking before was more aligned to how i was feeling in the moment
User 2: hence the anger . and now the neutral oart
User 1: but these past few days
User 2: got it
User 1: i've just not thought about it . and i've felt good . ya
User 2: good for you .
User 1: i'm sorry this is a bad part about me
User 2: no i'm saying it without hint of taunt
User 1: the full stop said otherwise . but anyway it's true
User 2: i'm sure
User 1: sometimes i feel like i'm inconsolable
User 2: at least you have a way around it so it works . chill hai phir .
User 1: not too sure . it just takes time . cause once i go down one road i feel like there's no looking back . don't know if it makes sense
User 2: if you relate it to our issue specifically it might just make more sense to me
User 1: and when all this is happening in my brain i find it very hard to talk about my day or ask about yours
User 2: ha that i understand
User 1: it almost bothers me . as if we're ignoring something that's legit screaming at us to listen to it
User 2: you have some serious trust issues or what . been there
User 1: it's this, not trust issues
User 2: accha haan
User 1: how much of myself i've shared w you instantly when you haven't . right in the begining itself . to a point where you were taken aback . i can trust people
User 2: fine you want the bad shit cool i'll give you . you just have to ask nicely or probably not talk to me properly and i'll spill  . what's this ?
User 1: like when you told arusha that you got scared about how much i spoke about the other guys or whatever
User 2: i just thought that was weird
User 1: that's just one example
User 2: not guys, ex's .
User 1: that was me being open . not exes
User 2: i never minded or told anyone i have a problem about you talking about any guys .
User 1: in manipal as well . it took you time to open up to me . that's okay . i'm just saying i opened up as well and i trust you . and don't have trust issues
User 2: because i used to think at the start that on jtsbjust a hookup phase with a good friend kinda thing and made a small wall so that feelings don't seep through because i didn't want to start liking anyone after my terrible break up .
User 1: ya that's why i said it's okay . you had gotten out of a relationship much more recently than i had
User 2: yep yep got it just enated to get that cleared out so good . ik you understand all these things
User 1: ok
User 2: which is why feelings seeped through . my only thing is that every iteration of my life k try to improve and learn something new from past which is why i wanted to handle this week's problem myself
User 1: but anyway, that wall is kinda up from my side even now and i feel like it will be for some time . you can if you want, i'm serious . i said the things i said in a hurry . and in selfishness
User 2: even now or did it start now ?
User 1: even now i'm sorry . idk why i get hurt by the smallest of things . even though i'm not hurt now . it just kinda lingers
User 2: haa theek hai toh thoda tumhari negativity aa gayi beech mai . pasand karta hu isliye choti cheeze allowed hai .
User 1: clearly not cause i'm messaging you
User 2: yeah that's not good news for me either that you're in a neutral numb phase . you mean like since manipal ?
User 1: no way . i think it's been the past week or two . even when i had that major crying episode
User 2: okay then good at least we don't have to break up lol . but yes keep your defensive walls till you feel comfortable
User 1: i just felt like you didn't get me and i didn't get you . that disconnect was a little scary i hate to say these things fuck, but they're a bit true as well . what do you think ? maybe i'm looking at it a little idk
User 2: tell me when are you talking about  ? . which time
User 1: the crying episode . i'm not like that always even though i think you've seen me like that too many times cause weird cirstances (including the mom thingy) . maybe i choose to believe i'm not like that all the time but maybe i am ? . okay i think i'm talking too abstract . fuck it
User 2: okay let's get into specifics . which one was this
User 1: yeah maybe i have too much alone thinking time here . on the phone
User 2: you do
User 1: about the paris thing
User 2: when i said oh it's easy and bs
User 1: i think i need it though, idk ? it could be self destructive or i could come out a bit more self aware and understanding of my toxic tendencies . i'm working for the latter actively . ya
User 2: okay so there was a disconnect fault from my end . i actually didn't know living in a new city would be so hard
User 1: like every evening when i have my coffee i just let my mind roam to very different things and it's healthy for me from what i can tell (except for the sutta that comes w it)
User 2: like i get the language barrier . but you've always been the extrovert and loved by people kind in my eyes soni figured it would be easy for you
User 1: and i've started not feeling bad about being alone, like proper alone
User 2: but there clearly i was so wrong .
User 1: i've started doing fun things like singing while walking and not giving a fuck and dancing alone in my room and laughing at my internal monologue and i'm happy about all of that . okay sorry this is becoming a dear diary
User 2: okay you should do all this but sometimes just relax a bit and not try to self improve or learn about your toxic traits or anything . like sometimes i feel you should just stay in the moment and try to let time pass . yeah lol that's what i'm talking about
User 1: yeah so these things are me not thinking about that stuff . see, another disconnect ?
User 2: we said the same exact thing man
User 1: no but you thought i don't . but again don't blame you
User 2: yeah because you fucking don't tell me about your day
User 1: i'm kind of anxious in general about stupid shit . but i'm also growing up
User 2: yeah this is the problem i was having . which is why i tried to distance myself
User 1: what exactly ?
User 2: because i feel the other person never tries as hard as i do ever
User 1: i did jenit, it's just been the past week
User 2: i'll explain properly . tomorrow . not exactly but alright
User 1: and i can't promise that i'll share everything from here on as well
User 2: ik you won't
User 1: i'm not a good texter
User 2: accepted it can't do anything about it
User 1: i legit only text you this much
User 2: thanks ?
User 1: not saying it like that . sorry it came across like that . just saying, it doesn't come naturally to me
User 2: okay time to talk tomorrow . i just want to get my thing out there and get rekt because i know what you have to say because you've already said it before . but anyway . okay
User 1: man . okay
User 2: no not like that . i'm just saying . that the next thing we talk about . has to be that because we are going in that direction . like the conversation is
User 1: are you gonna sleep now ?
User 2: but i'm tired today
User 1: cause i'm going for this meetup tomorrow night
User 2: i just tucked myself in
User 1: and i may not be free
User 2: which
User 1: some clubbing thing . so it starts at eight pm here
User 2: han so we'll really during the day no . talk
User 1: i'm going to the museum and to an amusement park as well i think . alone
User 2: louvre . should be fun
User 1: noo . this one that a local told me
User 2: have fun there
User 1: i'll go to the big ones later . cause they're always very crowded . and i dont wanna do that major touristy stuff now
User 2: go to the eiffel tower lol . okay . have fun . call me if you get time .
User 1: but i wanna talk
User 2: probably not tho . if you do then you'll make time loll . else it's fine
User 1: that's difficult considering i'll get back late
User 2: the wall is always there . i don't want to the drunk you before we talk talk . talk
User 1:  ? . you don't wanna talk to the drunk me regarding this that's what you're saying na ?
User 2: i don't want to talk to the drunk you before we sort the base shit out . yes
User 1: yeah ofc . makes sense . but i dont get a lot of time off here . so i dont wanna spend it at home
User 2: you enjoy then
User 1: i wanna do stuff
User 2: you should be
User 1: yeah i only get the weekend . otherwise it's the same routine everyday . i'm too tired to do anything else during the weekday . you're gonna sleep now ? any way we can talk now ?
User 2: i can't have the talk in depth rn .
User 1: surface level ? . and in depth later ?
User 2:  . this is the surface level
User 1: okay
User 2: but you've told me you become distant when you're away so you see how i didn't want to tell you this n . because i already know . and still hurt myself
User 1: yeah sometimes words aren't enough . i agree
User 2: no it's more than that
User 1: so is this what you mean by your shortcoming ? . this ?
User 2: and me saying fu i try harder than you why don't you try
User 1: haan
User 2: i can't go through the phase of getting hurt by another girl deeply again . so yeah
User 1: yeah true
User 2: i don't want to try harder than i should
User 1: is this what you didn't wanna tell me ?
User 2: i'm going to mimic your level kinda thing . yes because i know because you said you get distant . and it's a new city so i don't want to be a bt . but i try
User 1: yeah i knoww
User 2: i stay awake till 4 . i wake up at 5 . someone's . sometimes . to just talk to you
User 1: yeahh truee
User 2: and i don't see any effort happening at your end on some days . since you are doing something
User 1: idk what to say, maybe i dont try hard enough, but i did try a bit . during the beginning . i know it's decreased
User 2: and since i know you are doing something and not responding i realise i'm doing extra . yeah and it's natural . so can't blame you also
User 1: but i try to tell you stuff
User 2: and i don't want to . i don't know jack shit about your big days
User 1: like that time i had the night w marie
User 2: so many times i tell you to snap or send highlights it just sending
User 1: i called you forst
User 2: something
User 1: i don't do that jenit
User 2: and i wake up to fucking empty phone
User 1: i video called you for my first sutta
User 2: bro that was the first day
User 1: maybe these are little things for ypu . but i tried
User 2: no man . i consider everything
User 1: i do little things
User 2: you dw
User 1: i can't do grand gestures
User 2: if i'm getting annoyed by little things . i get happy also with them
User 1: for me they're grand . like it's not like i'm avoiding you
User 2: yeah is that fucking why i was so happy when you called me with your first sutta ? . how many ss i took . to capture such small shit . because i consider all this
User 1: dude i sent you pics of what i was wearing on some days . asked if i wear too much makeup . sent the meetups i'm going for . i try to tell ypu . as much as possible . i share about my work . but say when the crying thing happened i just found myself withdrawing myself . also i dont video call anyone jen . i'm just trying to show you . that even though you don't consider it trying . that's me trying
User 2: you don't text me when you're the happiest and i do and that's says a lot more than i call you to ask about my make up . so yeah i do notice small things as well
User 1: i called you after i had my first crazy night . called . and i would've texted if you hadn't picked up . i called you when the wine thing happened
User 2: like i said . i notice every small thing you do . you know i'm the observing kind idek why you would think and try to explain me otherwise
User 1: cause i feel like if you noticed this stuff you would understand that it's difficult for me and i still do it . because i know how much it means to you and how happy it makes me to share stuff
User 2: na man so many days when i'm down i just want people to talk to be
User 1: the dude giving me the wine
User 2: me
User 1: if i was w people i'd call more but i'm alone here and every day is a task and a mystery
User 2: mrigakshi spoke about for some thirty minutes about her how shit get job is when she found me almost crying because i was tensed for dadas surgery . i'm not saying oh call more and all . you have a life that's your in challenge and i know that
User 1: what did i do wrong ? . jenit, if you didn't notice that despite telling you that i dont talk a lot when there's distance i still did . idk what else i can do . i genuinely tried . you're legit the only one i texted during work
User 2: can we continue this tomorrow . my mom came in the room and i'm sleeping with her
User 1: no . talk now . idk how . the only one i talk so much on the phone to
User 2: i swear i'm not lying . i can't text now
User 1: i know i know . fine
User 2: i'm sorry i'll text tomorrow . goodnight . sorry about the abrupt end to and unfinished convo
User 1: yeah, gn
User 2: okay she left
User 1: can i send a long message
User 2: yes
User 1: i guess you don't need more instances where i tried cause all you're gonna say is that you noticed it and it wasn't enough .
User 2: i never said i couldn't trust you
User 1: and one thing i'm genuinely fucking sorry about is how i wasn't be there for you enough through whatever was happening with your grandfather . i'm genuinely sorry about that jenit, idk if i can forgive myself for that . it was really rude of me . i'm so so sorry . i have no excuses for that behaviour . i know it makes me a terrible human being but it's too late now to change things . so all i can do is ask for your apology . i'm sorry you had to cry alone . but i genuinely prayed for him . at night before sleeping . i swear . and i dont pray . i swear on my mother .
User 2: worst, i had to cry in front of dikshita and leave because she would console me and i don't think it's her job as a friend at all . i believe you . all i said was i know what you're also going to say . so might as well hide my small bad part
User 1: that's not enough for me, i'm sorry . that breaks me a little
User 2: yeah i was selfish there so i could hide things .
User 1: hmm
User 2: now i've said it . clearly wasn't worth doing what i've done to hurt both of us . i'm sorry . but yeah i'm kinda not done with that topic .
User 1: okay, tell me . anyway my dog from my paternal home was put down and i didn't get a final goodbye . cause of the time difference
User 2: unless you want to not talk about it anymore . because i know you more now i know what you're going to say to that . and if i don't know it, then i know you're just going to be honest and say thing that will hurt me again . oh man . i'm sorry . how's your sister holding up
User 1: just say it . not good . my grandparents cried a lot
User 2: nah you're just going to undermine my feelings by telling me about the other times when you included me in your happy times . and maybe you're right that whatever feelings i have about getting hurt are small and that was the entire point right ? that i have to grow up and probably learn how to mimic the level of fucks the other person gives . ofcc . oh man, my condolences .
User 1: wow so formal
User 2: i'm really sorry for the loss .
User 1: read the last paragraph here
User 2: idk what to say in death situations . like even when that dadi died andi saw my older cousin cry i had nothing to say
User 1: okay jenit, don't tell me . i'm sorry to have hurt you . i'm sorry for being that person in your life
User 2: same to you . yes i appreciate it . and i'm sorry for ever undermining the one hundred things that i have
User 1: i'm not saying they're small . read the last para . i know they are legit . they make sense . that would be for any normal person . it's me that's the problem over here .
User 2: i just feel like you undersell yourself in several situations and like the tough love push is what you need and that's what i try to give but i realise now that eventhough you do undersell yourself whatever you are feeling is as you say it . so yeah i'll keep that in mind for the future . yes i'm glad to know that at least you did what you could from your end .
User 1: i don't need you trying to teach me lessons all the time, that's all . and that's what that days conversation was about . there's a difference between helping a person grow and trying to do that tough love stuff .
User 2: i just have learn to keep my expectations in check . and that's another problem with me . yes i have noticed that about me .
User 1: and i'm not a child .
User 2: i'm sorry
User 1: i'm smart, i'm capable . i know that .
User 2: i'm just trying to look out for you but yes you are grown up enough to do that . never doubted it .
User 1: and when you undermine me in the name of tough low it just makes me feel shitty . love . and i'm grateful for it always .
User 2: okay yeah i know that really hurt you and i'm sorry about that . it's just who i am . and yes it's not done . it felt a lot for me too . but sometimes when you consecutively don't do i feel that . and yes it's only human not to be perfect everyday . so yes i do understand it . that's why i didn't want to bring it up . i just want you to know that all the efforts you make sure noticed and truly truly appreciated . and everytimr you don't, you reasons are kind of understood but they definitely hurt .
User 1: another thing i want you to know, is i genuinely don't text that much . and i'm trying to take in the city and the people and everything . imagine i walked around w no music nothing . and didn't use my phone
User 2: yes the graph i made definitely showed that
User 1: i'm trying to battle the phone addiction as well
User 2: that's nice . surprising .
User 1: i legit don't text anybody . i've spoken to sarthak once . on call . tib, we exchange a messagetwo a day . noopur is like once in a week . i'm legit giving you stats . so you understand that this is def out of the ordinary for mw
User 2: but when you go awol for hours and your reason is that oh no one was texting from there that's kinda lame because well no one is that engaged for that long and even if you are, which is awesome, it just hurts that oh she won't share such happy times with me
User 1: bro i can't share everything . it's exhausting to text . it is for me . and i fkn do share happy stuff
User 2: then don't keep it extraordinary if it is so much effort . be you
User 1: i just stopped sharing from the boardgame night . before that i was alone the entire time . man i'm trying . afternoon
User 2: all i'm saying is that if you text text me only even you're alone and not distracted by something then don't . i want to be that person that gets texted when a person is distracted .
User 1: it sucks that you don't know that you're that
User 2: that's when you woke up so well . clearly .
User 1: yeah dude i cant do more tbh . but i love sharing things w you
User 2: and i know that and i understand it
User 1: it's just when i'm pissed or there's something in the background
User 2: you need to know that i get it
User 1: it's just not possible for me
User 2: that's what im saying . i understand everything and i'm just stupid that i get hurt . which is why i started distancing myself from you
User 1: okay fine fine . i'm gonna zip it
User 2: you made your end clear before leaving remember ?
User 1: yeah . how are you feeling rn ?
User 2: idk . i'm kinda glad i told you how you feel
User 1: i'm glad you did too . it sucks that it was dragged for so long
User 2: i like how you handled it and spoke
User 1: i feel like if you told me this before it wouldn't be this bad
User 2: but i don't know what i'm supposed to do in the future
User 1: but i get it . you weren't ready to share it . yeah that's a tough one to answer
User 2: i can't let you know all my weak ss so fast . that's for the ones with the long relationship and shit
User 1: true true
User 2: dekhte hai tum kitne tikte ho . us hisab see batunga all my bad shit
User 1: not for too long dw jen . let's just be happy
User 1: no bs . share happy shit that happens . be a good place for each other
User 2: idek if you're being serious or what but i'm not going to ask . i'm always there you know it . sounds like a more formal proposition
User 1: i'm not gonna promise to be the best texter . or keep you updated on everything
User 2: didn't expect that
User 1: but i like sharing parts of my day . so if something cool happens, i'll def tell you . and you do the same
User 2: so we are going back to basically how we were with me going in with lower expectations . isn't this what i was trying to do when i wasnt tell you the thing . i'm smart see
User 1: but i guess communication is essential . otherwise it just becomes unexplained
User 2: hmm
User 1: and that causes more room for "oh he's mad at me" or "she doesn't care ?" or whatever idk
User 2: ik how you are and that's why i feel stupid after getting hurt . also one thing i've noticed in text . if i ask you five questions why do i always get three answers max
User 1: but honestly, one of the reasons i knew i couldn't date date you was because of how i'm bad at this texting stuff . and how i dont wanna build up expectations and shit . i know i fkd up a little .
User 2: ik
User 1: and i want to be poetic and listen to myself cause i know the answers are in my head i just know it . i just have to find it . i think my journey is very inward
User 2: paris is for this . let's hope you find a good path
User 1: thank youu . man i'm thoda sa selfish
User 2: yep noticed
User 1: but i need it
User 2: not a taunt
User 1: thank god
User 2: finally you have the time
User 1: especially after the whole episode w my mother
User 2: that's why i didn't want to be exclusive or date date you
User 1: i love her but i feel like it showed me parts of myself i didn't like . yes exactly . selfish people shouldn't date . hence i dont want to
User 2: will remember that
User 1: not calling you selfish . i'm the selfish one lmao . you're not at all selfish
User 2: i am just agreeing do you notice :p . eh but i tend to find only selfish girls so maybe i have a type
User 1: wow . don't compare me to dikshita . pls . i'm bad but a different bad
User 2: not only her . before her also da . fuck this
User 1: i'm sorry you got caught in my bs
User 2: i'm not
User 1: and i know words aren't enough . oh god . okay . sorry . can't tlak to you . if you think i'm like her
User 2: i jk 
User 1: wow
User 2: no da
User 1: man . don't lie . if you do
User 2: you stupid or what
User 1: i'm out . for real . thoda texting also won't happen
User 2: no i won't okay okay serious jenit back
User 1: didn't sound liek you were joking . phew
User 2: i just concurred propely with you being selfish . this sentence started with eh  . come one
User 1: fine fine
User 2: you are the kinda selfish you should be .
User 1: i'll look past that
User 2: self love should merge with selfishness everh once in a while . thanks bro . okay that's poetic
User 1: yeah dude i'm finally enjoying the loneliness cause i have a few days of social interaction . like i'm excited about the intern party
User 2: whens that
User 1: feb 5th . they plan thoda in advanced lmao . but i rsvpd
User 2: who all
User 1: interns . from all startups . at the incubator . and i'll go for the party tomorrow . i've been missing having guy friends as well
User 2: what's that about
User 1: cause i've been going for all these girl meetups . lmao
User 2: yeah i don't think french bois are into friendships
User 1: check out this meetup with paris couchsurfing  international meetings this is tomorrow . let's see . dude idc i just wanna see how the guys are like as well . and it's not just french dudes . lot of nationalities . i joined their whatsapp group . and they seem fun and nice
User 2: nice chalo let's hope for some nice whitties
User 1: man i honestly wanna meet some locals . and ask if they can help me w  . cause i dont wanna go pick up . cause they tend to fuck w tourists a lot especially if they don't know french
User 2: it's been too long for you toh
User 1: dude i just wanna get baked and go to a museum . and then devour a pizza . and drink some lit coffee
User 1: and take a huge dump
User 1: cause coffee really makes me shit
User 2: oh my fucking god i did this today hahahaha . like after getting baked . i love just sitting in the  . on . nevermind . accha one question first . what exactly is our equation right now nush ? 
User 1: idk we established that middleground ? . wait is this w respect to hooking up ?
User 2: no man omg . feelings wise . and just in general
User 1: how do you feel after this conversation ? . i feel lighter
User 2: what about the walls we building up like trump
User 1:  . i feel like i can communicate w you . wby ?
User 2: you always can anushka and when i'm stupid you tell me strictly once i'll understand
User 1: cause you've been holding this in for longer
User 2: don't let shit you don't like slide . i knew how the convo would go anyway .
User 1: sure you did
User 2: bc bhai ko malum hai . but i don't know what to do with my wall since i know you stand confirmed confirmed now .
User 1: also if you hook up w anyone you tell me immediately
User 2: your . nothings happening but okay
User 1: nah i'm better now, a good talk and long messages help . i'll be open from my side . i won't be weirdly quiet . i'll be normally quiet . so you can think, "hey she must be doing something like sitting alone at a cafe or working"
User 2: you know i mould into your mood so i guess let's see how we go from here and i'll fall into place
User 1: okie
User 2: lol haha okay
User 1: your ex legit stays right next to you . and you guys had one mad sex life
User 2: lol all we do is talk about you and her boy it's thoda funny
User 1: cute that's what happens before the nasty
User 2: na today we got baked and we high fived because neither of us ever expected to chill ever
User 1: okay cute . i'm just pulling your leg man
User 2: if you don't put out someone has to na uff . yeah thanks for not being jealous now i'll make sure i fuck her . then we'll see how much leg pulling you do . 
User 1: ya so i won't feel to bad about hooking up w someone here . too
User 2: you shouldn't feel bad either way :) .
User 1: oh god lmao . dude i forgot to tell you . i've been having crazy dreams
User 2:  .
User 1: like i sit up in my bed and just try to fathom wtf just happened . and sometimes i'm crying a little . they're too fkd up . you'll legit stop talking to me
User 2: along which lines
User 1: legit unexplainable
User 2: how many ex's are fucking you
User 1: can i call ? . no it's weirder man not ex related . snapped . af
User 2: i agree . i think i lost my bad ka lock keys . lol . battery is at two percent . so i always ready fights and discussions the next day like skim through it to get a better perspective and i wanna say i'm really sorry for undermining your feelings . that shit really stinks and hurts j can imagine . that will never happen again rest assured . read
User 1: omg hahahahahah . it's all okay jen no worries . wyd
User 2: hi . yeah had to get in an afternoon nap
User 1: sorry hahaha
User 2: you don't get that in work life and i miss it argh . what's up
User 1: dude i sleep only . i put my head down on my table for five mins . after lunch . too necessary for me . going to the museum in the train rn
User 2: bro sahil you takes a proper thirty minutes nap or his eyes become watery it's too funny  . i got on the couch thingy and just melt . dude how did we survive school  . oo . tell me hownit goes . local museums are better
User 1: lol . idek . i'm at a restaurant . was too hungry
User 2: lol it's almost two and i'm sure you didn't have lunch . i'm so latee
User 1: na . eating now . but i'm too full . i wonder if they'll pack it for me mao . lmao . there's an indian waiter i can ask him . okay nvm not asking
User 2: aiyo don't waste foodn . i'm sure the french get it packed too lol . bro . i haven't spoken a word to my sister . lols
User 1: i'm stuffing it man .  . cannot eat but still eating . i checked reddit they said not to ask at all lmao . ohh . has she tried
User 2: i love it when it gets to that point . yeah let's hope you don't come back thin and hot  . woah . okay okay
User 1: i don't want to eat oh god . il lstart crying . i'm so ful
User 2: what you watingg
User 1: everythin hurts . spaghetti w basil and veggies
User 2: it's like that cafe all over again on our first mumbai date
User 1: and red sauce . it's too much
User 2: uff  . dude jiju and sister are fighting because she took too long for make up  . these two girls come at home with an entire suitcase ! like the normal trolley one . and i went chilled with the girls and came back after a smoke and got ready in ten  . love being a boi . the sky was beautiful here today fuck . it just needed thoda acid . wait i needed
User 1: wow . ya saw the snap ! .  . i'm at the cutest cafe . aloha cafe . found it randomly
User 2: snap me then
User 1: coffee over tho lmao
User 2: yeah it was def worth it . i've had soo many watery coffees recently arghh
User 1: four euros  . and my lunch was 14 . but i used my meal card so zero for me hahahahhaha
User 2: you really use it too well hahaha . is it applicabke everywhere ?
User 1: almostyy
User 2: oh perf
User 1: dude for the first time . i felt thoda scared on the metro . like nothing happened . but there were these really drunk dudes on the other side
User 2: yeah that's scary ah . it's fine tho it's done phew
User 1: i sat next to another girl . then one was in front of me and he fell . the problem is
User 2: omg
User 1: i sat in the wrong direction wala metro by mistake . and i think that area is thoda fkd . i don't generally go there
User 2: lol thank god it didn't happen during the week . but how was the museum  ? . damn small it would have been no
User 1: it was good . too good . i cried lmao
User 2: yeah you do that . but like after seeing which piece ?
User 1: i'll tell later
User 2: cool cool what you upto now ? . you'll go for the party directly kya ? . how'd you get so good at painting fuck . but yeah that audio recording would have added some different depth to it uff
User 1: na . they didn't have it that dya . but i had a small booklet . and i translated stuff . i'll go again . when they have it . today
User 2: cutee . wear a good bra to the party . never know when you'll get lucky  . be safee don't get to fucked :)
User 1: oh fuck . i'm so happy i reached this are early
User 2: giving in euros hahaha . but hey good talent . you're forty mins early . dude that line sounds so cool p . going to the river and sitting . hahahah . you can never do that only here . oh man good saturday night i'm glad . cutie patotie . i'm damn tired . going to slepp . please stay safe . smart drinking . and ofc phone is always open to you . have fun nush
User 1: hi
User 2: oh man . how was it
User 1: it was really nice . but kind of had a mini mental breakdown omw back . nothing much though i'm fine
User 2: it's two and you're up ?
User 1: yep
User 2: ohh . explains . aiyob what happened
User 1: no no no worries i'm fine only . how're you up
User 2: mental breakdown . my eyes opened for a bit so i check my phone for your different time zone messages lol . it's a habit now
User 1: hahaha
User 2: regarding what tho baby
User 1: na just a lonely feeling . saw a lot of love around . and i kinda want to feel that here
User 2: at the party ?
User 1: at the museum . cafes . party . name it . city of love na ofc
User 2: ah . find someone then
User 1: it's not that easy
User 2: ofc . lol . but
User 1: but yeah
User 2: if you're open to it
User 1: i'm trying to be open
User 2: try bumble date ?
User 1: if it's anything like how tinder was in india i'm out
User 2: hahaha . you won't know till you use it
User 1: yeah let's see . i feel like it's hard to meet guys my type idk man . even the dudes at the party today
User 2: what's your type
User 1: idk
User 2:  ?
User 1: oh dude this one guy was so so so so hot . like i died . not my type . but very very very hot
User 2: how many hit on you lol
User 1: only 12 i think . the hot dude and i became friends though
User 2: oh wow
User 1: he straight up looked like a greek god . i'm not even lying
User 2: hahahaha did you exchange numbers
User 1: he was tall had long hair . hair until his shoulder . gwenole, that's his name
User 2: okay woah
User 1: yup
User 2: gg
User 1: na but it wasn't that type of exchanging numbers i think . he was too polite for that lol
User 2: we'll find out
User 1: i'm too ugly for him . 
User 2: i will second that
User 1: legit  . he's twenty-five though . but my god . i've legit never seen anyone as hot as him . his friend was there . and his friend kind of hit on me . not creepy . but in a friendly way . dude . legit everyone thought i'm south american . or russian . cause of my name
User 2: huh
User 1: cause nushka is a russian name
User 2: oh my god . yes deff
User 1: yeah legit
User 2: you're not going to find love love there . so next time someone hits on you that probably going to be it . for hookup you don't need a type except looks lol
User 1: yeah but i dont wanna hookup without being attracted na . and i want attracted to that dude
User 2: kitna attraction you want except looks
User 1: ya man but i wanna find love i'm so useless
User 2: two months mai love in and out . wow . atb
User 1: lol . maybe not love idk but something significant ? . something meaningful
User 2: idk you see
User 1: yeah but idk if i can just do a hookup . yeah i can't . so no way . am i gonna do that
User 2: probably the wrong guy you're talking about this to . 
User 1: yeah you're the same na
User 2: yeah but what will i say to this . yes but wrong because
User 1: yeah i'm useless . i think it's just a side effect of being alone . that i start craving unrealistic shit
User 2: dikshita said the same thing to me when i couldn't find any girls in bangalore and said that you and i aren't dating . what's life if not a fairy tale
User 1: dude legit at the museum once i was done looking at the art i was looking at the people
User 2: after i said
User 1: i cried again . so many people in love . this gay couple kept looking at each other and smiling
User 2: yeah you notice those minute things after so much art i can imagine
User 1: and they were barely talking . and this other one where the girl just kept kissing the guy after every piece of art lmao that was annoying but anyway cute cause they kept smiling . and another couple . shouldn't have gone to a museum from the romantic era lmao
User 2: tell
User 1: na they were also clicking photos of each other and laughing . and telling each other how to pose . this was outside the museum . and this other couple . one was old . the dude was old . the girl was young . but they were so so so in love oh god wow
User 2: damn . even i'd cry if so much was going around me
User 1: yeah man . for real
User 2: you don't leave your house on 14th . 
User 1: lmao . going out tomorrow w marie !
User 2: didn't you connect with anyone to that level at the last sunday thing . maybe invite from there ?
User 1: na dude
User 2: ohh . cute then
User 1: not that much . not at much as marie
User 2:  dhundo
User 1: and dude she's a very private person . and she messaged me . i'm giving up slowly
User 2: to meet up
User 1: yeah . i died
User 2: big f . hahaha you're an amazing person so well . did you make your maggi :p
User 1: oh man lmao . actually no ! :p . i'm glad i had that crepe . it helped me handle myself
User 2: that was so long ago
User 1: lol . i had a heavy lunch also na
User 2: if you got that drunk eh
User 1: i had only two beers
User 2: stuffing yourself i remember . ew . but you met a god so . win win
User 1: oh bro . so after some time it was just him his friend and me . and gwenole decided to go down to the dance area . and we went and omg i danced so much . yeah but he def didn't hit on me at all i can tell if someone does . and then . someone came and asked me if i'm dating gwen's friend . and oh god that was too awkward
User 2: why da
User 1: cause i think that friend, who's name is stefan, was too pavam . whose
User 2: pavam matlab
User 1: innocent
User 2: loll
User 1: and he wasn't getting that i'm not reciprocating
User 2: but he hit on you so
User 1: ya but it wasn't the creepy route
User 2: oh that way
User 1: it was the friendly route
User 2: when they white stories . o
User 1: na man . the london guy that was there
User 2: yeah yeah ijk
User 1: was so creepy
User 2: the entire country is
User 1: lmao . honestly he was falling on everyone . he got blackout drunk by 9:30 only
User 2: but what happened with the girl who asked you
User 1: and he shook my hand to introduce and then he wasn't leaving it
User 2: you were there only the entire time kya
User 1: ya ya
User 2:  .
User 1: he did that w everyone . so weird . and us girls were just eyeing each other lmao . it was kinda cute . and then we huddled
User 2: hahaha aw
User 1: and were bitching about him . lmao
User 2: typical girls uf . make sure to meet your god again lol
User 1: omg lmao
User 2: you toh have his number too
User 1: yeah dude i genuinely wasn't expecting him to ask . i toh was leaving . early
User 2: full party if you chill then they tend to
User 1: cause i didn't wanna stay too late also . yeah but i liked him cause he didn't ask in a creepy way
User 2: nice
User 1: and i feel like he was always cautious about what he was saying or portraying . which is good
User 2: tru . good good . perf night . what you upto now
User 1: nothing really . just got over w the breakdown . wrote a poem
User 2:  . show
User 1: and a small stanza that i may add to a future poem
User 2:  ?
User 1: it's not that good . it genuinely sucks
User 2: okay okay at least show me mine one day . okay okay i won't ask now lol
User 1: there you go . don't critique it pls
User 2: definitely get the breakdown vibes . but yes this
User 1: welcome to my pity party lmao . thank you
User 2: hey i just want to be included .  . but try bumble if you really want something . i'm sure it won't be shit like india
User 1: i wanted to do the thing with the first lines . where i keep deleting words . until it reaches try . trying to show exhaustion lmao . yeah let's see
User 2: noticed that actually . bumble is too good in mumbai bro . i came for a day and i'm blowing up
User 1: accha . yeah i'll def try here . let's see . i like the bff experience
User 2: but you mostly match with your in gender . the date no ?
User 1: ya
User 2: okay
User 1: but i think on bumble girls have to make the first move na
User 2: yes
User 1: yeah cool
User 2: download and start now only seeing that you aren't doing anything
User 1: i already have bumble . i just shifted it to date
User 2: gg . i j . but gg
User 1: you already matched omg . you're one step ahead . but i just matched with someone
User 2: the thing is i won't be meeting anyone na
User 1: try on blore
User 2: that was fast
User 1: yeah wtf lmao
User 2: don't get the feeling to do all this in bangalore i've noticed
User 1: yeah i think i'd be the same in india
User 2: you get to your boys and send pictures if you get good matches . let's see who is cutting my chutiya lol
User 1: this paris is fkn w my natural instincts
User 2: so much love around anyone will go cray
User 1: yeah man
User 2: okay atb have fun . don't hook up with anyone . jk
User 1: not swiping rn . i had to show you something that you'd lose your nuts to
User 2: show
User 1: they were warming up
User 2: oh mam
User 1: i'll send other shit later i dont have wifi
User 2: i wanted to see the main dancen
User 1: not working for the weekend
User 2: i could see you tapping your foot because of the camera vibration  . uf
User 1: no i was clapping
User 2: oh wtf okay  . because of the cold your claps have also become so docile lol
User 1: no i couldn't clap cause i was holding the camera .  . once i put it down i was dancing man and screaming . anyway jen . i should sleep
User 2: i'm sure . same
User 1: chal bye bro . gn . sleep well . i hope i wake up by 10 . i don't wanna waste the morning
User 2: one good looking dude you meet and i become a bro nice . i'll call ?
User 1: nah dude it's okie . shush don't pull a parv
User 2: then baby don't hurt me don't hurt me no more
User 1: lol
User 2: you get used to bros going down on you then idgaf
User 1: man
User 2:  . sleep sleep
User 1: accha my eyes are closing . gnn
User 2: night
User 1: message you kal
User 2: cool
User 1: my dad woke up and messaged me lmao
User 2: everyone does that only from here . sleep friend
User 1: no like he was shocked i was online lmao
User 2: tell him you're getting a white boy home . he'll be better shocked  . wake upp
User 1: yes yes i'm up . dreaming
User 2: two more minutes ?
User 1: i'll quickly send a voice noge . so i dont forgey the dream . also bumble notified me that i got 60 matches wtf 
User 2: yeah i was on the edge of my seat throughout the entire story . what random adventurous shit . wow i thought you weren't swiping  . yesterday . good good start hitting em up one by one
User 1: not matches, right swipes . like how you can see on tinder how many like you
User 2: oh . okay wow . everyone wants something exotic . yet they are s to outsiders . eh sounds like a balanced country . tip for your first date, don't talk about ww2 
User 1: vah . ofc i won't . ya dude
User 2: dude during the start . i felt like the seal was like that turtle from finding nemo 
User 1: lmao .  . man idk how this happens
User 2: theek hai you let it happen if it is so good . so your morning thing didn't happen hehehehe
User 1: lol . dude . have you written the synopsis
User 2: lol . you think ? . i don't even have a project yey . or what i'm going to do . how many i supposed to tell them what i'll do for six months . i asked my teacher for extension . we have to submit it tomorrow right 
User 1: i think i'll do it aaj . my work is very ad hoc tho . i may have to do a little python dev work also . yeah i emailed mine as well . mine is fkn roopashree
User 2: don't you have to go out and you'll come back home tipsy
User 1: not meeting marie at 4 . i think i'm gonna talk about my mental breakdown .  . man fuck it dude . i genuinely don't feel like doing it . i was thinking i'll eat . then go sit in a cafe and start synopsis . then go meet marie . and we'll have coffee and then go to eat something . probz share a pizza or something
User 2: your luck is always like this na 
User 1: ya fr
User 2:  . good girl . just do everything you said except the start synopsis lol . was it because you were drunk or because you've been that that alone
User 1: wasn't drunk at all . i ate a lot before going na . not like manipal where we drink without eating . nah it was weird idk . i was messaging tib last night idk how he was up
User 2: what did he say
User 1: nothing much
User 2: about the love rhing
User 1: nothing he was very understanding . and was talking about his views and everything . so it was good
User 2: did they match yours . that you're in city in love . so like lol that you can't find anyone  . jk jk
User 1: wow
User 2: but yeah what did he say specifically about meeting new ones ? . that's why i said jk
User 1: you know i don't only mean romantic love
User 2: like just a connection no ?
User 1: i won't tell you what he said cause it may be a personal thing for him
User 2: arre but tell me what he suggested not the back story . and tell about thus
User 1: no he just started saying fucked up things about himself as well . and we both were wallowing in our fucked up ness . and that felt good weirdly hahahaa . but i was talking about the noise in my braon . which is why i think i have so many dreams alsp . and then we were talking about his brain
User 2: surprisingly we don't do it hmm . that does hahah . yeah bro that does make sense . but what noise ? letnme know if you want to talk to me about it . arre not this but like i'm asking what did he suggest you to do lol
User 1: i found a good way to describe it while talking to my father today morning . sometimes you don't need suggestions you just need someone to make it better in the moment . but he eventually told me to channel the noise once i said i wanna work on that noise .
User 2: oh good . yeah i should start asking if you want advice or just want to vent . like a general "you" . but okay tell me what i should know . like now that everything is clear . dude my friends are too cute . they got me a farewell j hehe . just did thay . anyway where did y'all decide to meet
User 1: hi hi . or just wait and see if they ask . oh man that's legit too sweet
User 2: but then i don't want to say hm and okay and short replied in the middle . yeah i need to come that habit
User 1: true true
User 2: stop . sorry for doing it with you all the time .
User 1: no man it's finee
User 2:  .  . okay i'm flying byee
User 1: reached home ?
User 2: yep just did . hope the  brownies don't go bad
User 1: good good . i'm omw back
User 2: how was your day
User 1: super nice . i had a lot of fun . walked a lott . gonna smoke my sutt now . when i reach home . gonna get off the rer a train . take my tram . and go in front of my house and smoke . i'm tired . phew . what you doing ? . slept off . heres a song for you . dust in the wind by kansas . yep hearing this one after long . heres a song for you . lost ! by coldplay . this as well
User 2: you should really get a fitbit . will boost your ego :p . you do have to travel a lot uff . but better than our locals so thank god . brekkie hehe . dude i had to throw away a capsi to make space for the brownies  . the week starts . now when boredom strikes, you know it's time to bumble  . 2601, 12:20 parv kapoor:  . hogaya iska long distance  . i love ze violin . i always vibed with this too much . late march, death march- frightened rabbit
User 1: lmao . the words are also too nice . found it too relatable . like while smoking yesterday i was following whatever he was saying in the song . heres a song for you . humility (feat . george benson) by gorillaz
User 2: how do you and marie not smoke with each other properly idek  . both are smokers . we finish six six cigarettes . you told me you'll start me off nice and easy with gorillaz but well
User 1: bro i don't think they have a culture of sharing cigs . i keep giving her but she hasn't offered once also  . she rolls her own ones . this is nice and easy . they're a wild taste tbh
User 2: counter toh dur ki baat hahaha . yeah maybe that's why
User 1: yaa exactly
User 2: because it's an effort i guess ?
User 1: but hers cost nothing . she rolled one in front of me . and didn't offer
User 2: and has no filter so dw we win
User 1: took her five seconds not even kidding . it has . she took out three bags . one w paper . one w filters
User 2: ya rolling tov is nice and soft no
User 1: one w tobacco
User 2: oh wait yeah cotton ones, used those . omg . okay maybe you also don't share . you don't have to be that good and indian . uff we have too many values . i've tasted your vag so clearly i'm going to be into gorillaz given my wild taste history  . bro your songs are to short . i cant understand them only without reading shit tons of back story or something haha . but yeah it was a nice song only . idk what wild things you were talking about .
User 1: yeah i wont . yeah you haven't heard other songs . that's why i sent this one . cause this is super chill
User 2: i hate it when you don't reply to such messages . smart . stop making me curious or send me argghh . bro i was thinking that how it's kinda sad that i'm  alone . like i like it normally but not for so long . like i always have manipal peeps or school . when i was crushing . and then when i sparked rishab came in
User 1: aw
User 2: and we suddenly just started  together 
User 1: welcome to my life everyday
User 2: not bad not bad
User 1: i miss manipal sometimes
User 2: i'm planning to go next weekend . cos i'll get paid . lit lit . i'll surprise them
User 1: nice . phew sorry i disnt reply properly . the tram was too crowded . cause it's raining . man i legit have multiple dreams every night . and find it too hard to wake up . how's the high ?
User 2: lower expectations remember :p . jkjk
User 1: haha
User 2: aiyo and it's cold . oops . it's alright . embrace it . oh i'm fucked fucked
User 1: yeaah
User 2: hehe i feel giddy and good
User 1: good good
User 2: reach back and text
User 1: back
User 2: he-lloo
User 1: no wifi at home . ugh . i'm so pissed . i can't watch anything . i miss when i had a lot of data
User 2: still . hahaja . i know those struggles . j get 10gb extra for one hundred bucks lol
User 1: hahaha
User 2: this pg is fun . uff how tired are you cutes . good work ?
User 1: i learnt some new shit . this one code was taking 30-40 mins to run . despite using a jupyter notebook on ec2
User 2: ml model ?
User 1: no . data processing
User 2: oh they are cool
User 1: it's like 70k rows
User 2: woah
User 1: so i decided to learn how to parallelize code in python which i didn't know . and it went down to 5-10 mins
User 2: ayee
User 1: then i learnt how to show progress bars as well so someone who doesn't know the code will know how much is done
User 2: that cool github repo ?
User 1: would've been easier using readily available stuff but we can't really afford it . no . it's a widget in jupyter notebook . just import it
User 2: ohh . i don't use that much . must learn . all these things are damn cool . noice nush
User 1: haha ya . this made me cry legit
User 2: hahaha
User 1: cause terence was wondering what suddenly pulled so much of the resources and it was my code lmao
User 2: you spiked his costs 
User 1: cause this notebook will be run only once a week he told me to fuck the parallelizing thingy . no no
User 2: all these things are too fast at scalability
User 1: we legit have the lowest tier . so the cpus are ours only to use so we can use it howmuch ever we want
User 2: but variable cost
User 1: it's not the on demand thing
User 2: oh
User 1: and we get it from the incubator so we don't pay
User 2: gg . what plans now ? . synopsis
User 1: but i had to work na so no way i'm waiting forty mins lmao . and if there's a mistake phirse if have to do lmao . i'd
User 2: yeah that would be waste
User 1: but it's basically a notebook that shows all kpis . we'd have had to pay 2000 per month for this service
User 2: graphical is so much easier to understand
User 1: so he asked if i could code it . tomorrow is when i start a mini project
User 2: wow already some good output from your end . congratss
User 1: on how the coronavirus affects stock markets
User 2: oh fuck . that's so new
User 1: ya . i'm excited . it was his idea
User 2: yes ! . oh man
User 1: ya i died
User 2: that's too interesting
User 1: i'm working on a different thing every few days
User 2: oh fuck i'm too j
User 1: it's cool . and amsterdam in march ! . he confirmed
User 2:  ! . perff . finally a level better hehe . who thoughtt . 
User 1: i have no idea how this is gonna take shape it's gonna be pulling some mad stock data and that's kind of hard to deal with omg
User 2: research your arse from tomorrow what else
User 1: cause it's all these weird numbers that i have no clue about . but i've wanted to learn . so i can also start investing
User 2: yeah you can make models and invest lol . too smart
User 1: but i saw some good numbers for the kpi's . i think he's gonna use them . so the dashboard . people connect to it almost 4-5 times a day on average . and that's a good pitch for ad companies . they'll want to put ads there
User 2: ae congrats mann
User 1: omg i doubt cause it's probably way more profitable to use some stuff right out of the box instead of reinventing the wheel
User 2: tru tru . but risky no . anyway . have nice night and smoke a sutt because yeahh . goodnightt
User 1: i smoked already . hehe . in the house . gonna make some cereal and milk and heat up my croissant . good night, have a good day tomorrow
User 2: such a french thing to say  . cutee . so many sessions today aiyo i don't like . 2801, 09:43 mrigakshi ff21: dude . the first  brownie reviews are in hahah . bro so yeah yesterday i decided to like not chill with dikshita . shes still pissed at me for ruining her name in college and was being passive aggressive while being normal . like she'll call me to her room for pita bread and spread and all and be normal and then keeps taunting in the middle for no reason . i was like i don't need your negativity you text me if you feel better lol . no  brownies for herr . cutes videos from last year today when we went for my sister's wedding
User 1: omg hahahah  . aw how's it going . lmao . of yeah this sucks . it's okay, keep it chill if you want . if she brings it up just leave . lmao . omg 
User 2: all done . it was stupid cloud sql . i'll see what it is now . kabka i was working on my project . like you said about the parallelizing the code . lol even i did that and speed increased by sixteen times . so i'm glad something productive i did hehe . no man without reason she keeps doing so i told her to hit me up when she wants to without all this bs . i'm not even getting action hence i have no obligation to go through bs :p . fuck we weren't that close at the time . would have sent you soo many snapss it was too lit bro
User 1: lmao
User 2: youre working with aws and all ? . like what services are you using overal
User 1: not that much . mainly my cto working on that . omg wowowow . i have food remaining from lunch . i'm glad . i'll eat for dinner
User 2: good . i feel you skip many meals there . or have like cereal for dinner haha . oh . what all are you usingg . did you start with the corona virus thing ? like how you planning to start studying about the stocks . man i keep getting pissed off when sundress comes on as the first song on music for me bc i dont even listen to it . yeah i left the office early today :p i hope no one kills me
User 1: no no i skip only one aka breakfast . yesyes i'll tell you about it .  . good . cause you got to see this ! . also i have some good news for you
User 2: okay tell . yes at night when you get backk . oh lol you got your period
User 1: yes 
User 2: wallah wallah . okay now go get pregnant idc . so anushka finaly you ready for someone else . wish you the best mon ami
User 1: wow hahahahaha . no ty
User 2: but if you do now at least you won't be confused about the father
User 1: yep . truee . the pain is too much . i think i'll leavee
User 2: argh fml . i'll die . aiyo . yes it's 6 . good enough
User 1: phew . i'm tiredd . jenn . and stomach hurts a lott
User 2: aiyo . laying on the ground or something helps no . some soup .  ? . aiyo what are you doing
User 1: too dead to make anything . just changed my cup . now i'll eat . dude wtf no internet today also
User 2: aiyo is there an order in option there or something ? . theplaas . idk . oh you should really tell nelly this issue . like it's there in the rent no
User 1: ya i'm gonna say
User 2: had a brownie today . i'm still so baked . it's been four hours lol . how's the mini project going . vn me when you feel better love . goodnight
User 1: hi hi .  . too jealous omg . i also wanna be baked . jen . are you up ? . i have something i think i should tell you cause you deserve to know
User 2: soon . okay
User 1: i think i may have anxiety . like
User 2: about ?
User 1: no, the mental problem . i've thought about it a lot . and
User 2: oh
User 1: i hate to self diagnose . which is why . i don't say anything . but i think it explains a lot . the noise . yeahh
User 2: don't jump to conclusions . but yes i guess . how long have you thought about this for
User 1: i'm not . i'm seriously considering it .
User 2:  .
User 1: a long long time
User 2: hmm
User 1: and told myself, "don't fkn self diagnose you don't know what the people suffering have been through" . watch this . idk why it made me cry . the first half . especially . okay wow phew . and i always thought
User 2: i shall see it
User 1: that this is a part of my personality . and it is . but . it's definitely not easy
User 2: obviously
User 1: i always crave wanting to be inside someone else's brain
User 2: accepting it is a big thing in itself
User 1: for just a fraction of a second . to tell myself
User 2: why
User 1: that everyone is like this . and not just me
User 2: oh
User 1: but not everyone is like this . but some people are . i know it's not just me
User 2: how much have you read about your "symyoms" it signs . it's never only you alone please know that
User 1: and now that i look back . almost all apply to when i was younger . i was exactly like that . and i used to avoid confronting it . because i used to keep calling it bs . cause i'm so happy and privileged and everything . but i thought you should know . fuck did i scare you lmao . dw i'm not sad or anything . i'm fine . i'm feeling a bit relaxed actually now that i say it out loud . yo ? . anyway, guessing you passed out . pls talk to me tomorrow . anyway . i've been reading about it . and i'm getting more and more sure of it . i think when i'm back in india i'll go for a test . and probably start talking to a therapist . i should also be more vigilant cause my mom's side has a history of mental problems . and it's better to get tested soon rather than look past it .
User 2: yes as kids we blame ourselves sometimes . good to be aware of it at least . but you should really get it tested clinically . always better to ask s professional . it's alright . always up for critical convos . takes more than mental health issues to knock me out . some  brownies knock me out better . then how come suddenly ? i mean it's fine but did something happen to make you say it out loud ? . sorry . surprisingly they do help ! . talk about it with your parents maybe from there ? idk . reddit it for that . good at least i'll have articles to read for the day . anyways i don't do much there . bro i related with too many things too . one dude wrote that he smokes  everyday and decides everything and then executes everything and all . yeah so . fuck okay i never thought i had anything going on . okay now you've given me something to think and read about myself too . m
User 1: yeah will do
User 2: something this serious shouldnt be delayed so nice
User 1: yesterday was pretty cathartic . just thought i should let you know . so i told tib cause he was the one that sent me the video . and he called me up . and we spoke last night . and i felt light . like chiller . as if i could suddenly breathe again . but i have trouble sleeping sometimes cause my brain is thinking 10k things . and minor problems i feel like i fixate on
User 2: i'm glad . somethings jsuy need to be let off the chestt . pretty long coming i guess maybe that's why . how much did you cry hehe . ocd way or like fuck i have a problemm kinda way . jailbreak- awolnation
User 1: not much . suddenly so many things are coming back to me . events in my life . that suddenly make sense
User 2: isn't it perfect when things are put into perspective and not like oh it just happened . good . dude i've realised that  makes me sleepy if i do it after a break . that's why i passout before we can talk after work .  .
User 1: idk about perfect but yaa it's something . worrying about small things . letting them occupy too much of your mind space
User 2: it's end of a chapter so good closure . hmm
User 1: and they just go in loops until you're legit just screaming inside your brain . i think it's the beginning of a much scarier one . like that day when i came back from a fun evening . and i was crying . it reaches this low and hollow feeling
User 2: but they happened long back so can't really affect you now right ? . or because it's scary it can affect you now ?
User 1: and i just wanna stop fkn thinking but i just can't . it's scary cause now i have to start working on it . lmao . and that feels pretty difficult
User 2: something specific from that day that happened ? . yaa
User 1: no that's the thing . i had a very good day . this is exactly what i'm talking about . nothing specific happens
User 2: ohh . makes sense now .
User 1: yeah
User 2: oh man . what do you do when you can't stop thinking about it normally m
User 1: cry lmao
User 2: try to channel it into something specific
User 1: and then i get so tired
User 2: smh
User 1: poetry
User 2: ha good
User 1: but last night . despite being tired . i couldn't go to sleep easily . sometimes i feel like recording my brain . and showing it to my friends . so that they can tell me if they think like this too
User 2: what were you going last night
User 1: so much clutter
User 2: haha . everyone has some degree of it i can assure you that . d
User 1: yeah but i dont mean general clutter about life and where you are and where you wanna be . but like looping thoughts . and it's lile . something stuck to your shoe while your walking . and you can't seem to get it off . you're
User 2: yeah you've told me about this . i feel you should learn how to channel all the this through you . bad thoughts (i'm just going to include all looping thoughts in this category) are like shit . sooner we learn how to take it in and remove from the system the better
User 1: man, i try . you don't think i try . ofc i do
User 2: but getting aware of all this is a big step forward
User 1: nvm i think we shouldn't talk about this
User 2: ofc i know you do . arre i'm understandable everything def . understanding . i'm not belittling your problem at all . i was just saying my pov on these things . i know you don't wanna think all this so you try to divert your mind ! . but i def understand to an extent what you're going through . talk to me about it if you'd like later on . anyway, good morning
User 1: okaay . thanks . gm
User 2: how's your nipple problem going  . how cold is it
User 1: six
User 2: hottest it's been hahaha . good
User 1: had a wholesome conversation w my mother . she went through the same thing i believe . hence we would clash a lot
User 2: better understanding going forward i hope ?
User 1: idk but we're on the right track
User 2: glad
User 1: she never got the help that she needed . and that's sad . anyway, i dont think we both should talk about this stuff
User 2: our parents went through the worst shitb .  . ? . because i can't empathise with you ? or what
User 1: cause i take whatever you say the wrong way . idk historically speakinh
User 2: gg
User 1: idk . what do you think
User 2: i think i should get back to my meeting since we can't talk about the topic going on .
User 1: okay bye
User 2: bye
User 1: okay i'm sorry . that was a  thing to say . sorry . hi . i'm sorry . fuck i legit do say the worst things . wow you cancelled the event ? . fine . the only reason i told you any of that stuff yesterday . was because i thought you should know . considering your role in my life . and i'm sorry for being weird . and i know every single time that you try to talk to me . it's coming from a good place . it's just that sometimes it doesn't hit right idk . but that's not your problem, it's mine . it's about how i interpret stuff . i'm just gonna beg rn . so you're clearly reading these cause you declined the event . just talk to me . please don't leave me in the dark today . just not today
User 2: yeah it's alright . you don't wanna talk . lower expectations . i understand .
User 1: no i want to . i just find it hard sometimes
User 2: i understand .
User 1: don't decline the calendar thing . are you genuinely free then ?
User 2: it's 1130pm for me . you think i have something scheduled for then ? . don't cry . it's alright . i won't be talking about your sensitive things from now dw . i'll share mine because i toh dm
User 1: i'm just asking . okay sounds good
User 2: okay
User 1: hey . how was work ? . i just need to change my menstrual cup . after that i can call . are you up ? . anyway, call whenever . just thought i'd drop a message for you to read in the morning . sometimes i say things in the heat of the moment and wish i could take them back later but words don't work like that unfortunately . you honestly don't deserve this toxicity after what you've been through . sometimes my brain feels cloudy and that reflects in the kind of person that i am to the people i love and care about the most . i'm gonna try calling one last time for tonight hoping you're ip . up . anyway, ily and care about you through all this fucked up ness . but i would completely understand if you need to be away from me for your own mental health and if that's what you need i will try my best to give that to you . i hate being this complex and confusing and weird and cryptic but i swear to god i'm trying to work on it . i really hope all of this doesn't sound like a load of bs to you in the morning because i'm just spilling out all my thoughts right now . hope you slept well, love you, goodnight . you know, you are one of the most generous people i've ever met . it's hard to see sometimes cause it's generosity in an unconventional way, but it's beautiful nonetheless (if not more) . just thought i'd send you that as it's my last thought before i fall asleep . goodnight . just reply, please . legit begging you rn . i can't stop thinking about it . just this, and you won't hear from me again . don't worry . even if this just says that you'll reply later . just please send me some message i just can't handle it right now . even if the message just tells me to fuck of . i need to hear it . to not cry every fucking hour of the day
User 2: ttyl . ily . hi sorey . my founder had come today so he was giving one long ass talk uf that was bad . i'm glad you appreciated me and it's alright to lose yourself momentarily i guess . i understand you don't always mean the rude shit and it comes out randomly because we've all been there . i'm sorry my advices and my cafe for you come out in an unconventional way so hence there will obv be a wavelength mismatch but hey we are two distinch people who do things differently so that mismatch isn't the worst thing to happen . also how how exactly are you happy happy if you are going through such a big change . and idek the big changes you're implying from 3-4 years ago so i can't really help you there . the thing is that whatever you're sharing with me is all surface and when i try to go in deeper, i find friction in that process . so i'm not going to try to extract things from you that you haven't told me, not because you don't want to tell me , but just because you haven't shared them for xyz reason . but yes i'm done asking questions that i want answers to . i'm just going to let you talk to me because i've realised that's a more stable way forward in our friendship . one that works given the different kind of people we are . and please relax with the crying because of yesterday, we always chill chill . and i love you too nush . so yes, i'm great, we great, you great . i'll explicitly let you know when you need to be concerned about us and give it extra thoughts . not like you can control your thoughts anyway (just a dark joke from our recent convos) loll . okay yeah i'm done talking . we are fine in conclusion and i'm here for you to talk to while you're on your journey . hi what are you thinking . also i get really annoyed when people say all this bs so please refrain thanks . now you reply . i know you've read it so well
User 1: it's not voluntary friction . it's that i feel like i cant explain half the stuff happening in my brain . i feel like a lunatic sometimes i'm not even kidding . a lunatic that's somehow managed to fit into society . my internet was off i didn't realise that the message didn't send . i can't relax that's the problem . i legit feel like sometimes i live a life that isn't decided by me . anyway, yesterday the weirdest thing happened . like funny weird . so idk what happened to me yesterday but i just cried the full day at office almost . i couldn't focus on my work either . it's like i went from being a productive bee to someone who can't type a single word . i was pretty emotional about the conversation w my mother as well it had gone very well but idk i was very emotionap . but anyway, thankfully terence didn't notice . but we were talking about something . and he told me . "i think you have a special brain" . and i was so confused . so i just said, "you know there's a word for that" . (i was cracking a joke on basically him calling me retarded) . he started laughing . and then he said, "no no i mean in a good way" . and he got real serious but i continued laughing and then it was just awkward silence . anyway . how is your day going . it's almost lunch time here . oh oh . yesterday i think i figured out what i want to study after microsoft . not sure but i have an idea
User 2: i wonder the topic of convo haha . weirdo . creeped him out forsuree . so weird
User 1: legit it was very random
User 2: they are teaching terraform and i didn't understand jack because they are using their whiteboard and haven't switched on the webcam and i didn't pay enough attention to ask them to switch it on
User 1: but i think he was trying to convey it to me but idk how to reach man
User 2: haha . convey what
User 1: this . react
User 2: lol one hour wait
User 1: no i eat when they eat here na . 12 . and i eat dinner at 7-7:30 . and then sleep . i'm actually pretty healthy here omg . i eat salads for lunch
User 2: aiyo you were awake till so late yesterday but yeah yesterday wad diff . 
User 1: i was reading
User 2: except them suts
User 1: one sutt per dag . day . phew
User 2: murakami ? . i'm too impressed by you tbh
User 1: yep
User 2: tel
User 1: yeah man the only thing fkd up is my brain lmao
User 2: big oops .  .
User 1: not sure bht cognitive maybe . i'll have to read about it more
User 2: there's hci course in gtech related to this i think
User 1: accha . i really wanna study philosophy tho idk . maybe this is super temporary . but it feels right rn
User 2: nothing technical ?
User 1: idk . cognitive science is a little technical . but idk i feel like i'll enjoy it . but tbh i really wanna try something non technical
User 2: ha . just read about specific college courses related to this . that'll help you find out what exactly you'll be studying too . cutee . able to focus on work today no ?
User 1: yeah that's what i did yesterday
User 2: which colleges did you like
User 1: i'm not stupid . unfortunately all the big ones lmao . and prerequisites are comp sci . or some technical degree
User 2: yes dw let's not go fight about that again . perf . you are good enough so it's ezpzz
User 1: yep
User 2:  .
User 1: yesyes
User 2: haha i love how we both are scared of not going there again :p
User 1: han as long as you don't talk to me like i'm a child and i'm not rude we'll be good i guess
User 2: i don't talk to you like you're a child . oh fuck let's hope that i also don't become rude :p . i savage af nibba . but i guess that's what you don't understand hence you take it the wrong way .
User 1: yep i don't
User 2: okay
User 1: how's your day . oh it's over . your day . how was itt . how was work . my mom is really helping me through all this rm . rn
User 2: i don't do anything there anyway . so i keep coding small small extra cool things into my project so did that . bro you need to talk to me and tell me everything because i'm fucking lost
User 1: acchaa . good good
User 2: like whenever
User 1: yesyes def . but shes sending me links
User 2: how are you holding up ?
User 1: finding good therapists in mumbai . and finally i feel like she understands a lot of the weird things i used to do . read this . talk to me whenever you want  or if you want i will come and stay with you after my kala ghoda . ask nelly if her other room is vacant or if shell allow me to stay in your room for extra charge . start writing down your thoughts anshu . if anything done or said by me troubles you just say it to me or you can even write and send me . lets untangle these knots in this life itself . you are, in so many ways like me .immensely sensitive . i see me in you and this is why i understand . just like me you also see and feel things and people a little bit more than what others do . she sent me this . i cried phirse today morning after reading all this
User 2: woah . that actually is too nice . good . damn you have beautiful parents
User 1: haven't told my dad yet
User 2: talk to him soon
User 1: but yeah i'm too grateful
User 2: why tho ? . any specific reason ?
User 1: he was not in mumbai . he was working
User 2: oh
User 1: i thought il talk to him when he's back . and he tends to dismiss stuff like this sometimes . he isn't coming from a bad place
User 2: okay yeah when he's travelling you don't want to do it then okay okay . hmm
User 1: yess
User 2: okay i have to confess i'm suddenly too cautious about what i text you . or i guess how i text you . idk feels weird
User 1: yeahh . idk what to say . maybe this is good for some time considering that i'm emotionally a little raw rn . maybe when i get a little strong
User 2: probably make it or break it time for our bond lol . but yes i can definitely try to improve on how i portray my care for you because the amount doesn't matter if you aren't receiving it properly
User 1: cutee . love this . thank you
User 2: i'm only cute man uf . just few pimples here and there  . today dikshita tried to say hi . i just got into the lift ignoring her hahaha . beyotch f her . yeah so i'm winning this one bet against arusha and utkarsh . have i told you about it ? . and i'm clearly the over texter 
User 1: hahahha . omg wowow . 
User 2: have i told you about it
User 1: wow  . yesyes
User 2: argh dude in the office u was doing this with the other interns . and then whenever it was flat someone had some awesome gossip from that time  . oh this girl cheated on my bestfriend blah blah . it was too much fun . what you upto
User 1: omg . i'm so tired idk why . legit head hurts too much
User 2: because you're working hard duhh . aiyoo . and you have to walk also . leave no don't wait till six kol
User 1: aah
User 2: phew you don't even take medicines no for headachesm .  ?
User 1: no way
User 2: oh yeah might as well keep your body healthy like it's already happening . oh okay then idk what you can do lol . text me after leaving
User 1: nah it'll pass it's fine . oh i'm meeting rishabh tomorrow
User 2: oh wtf . why is he coming
User 1: just . he wanted to chill in paris i think
User 2: you're supposed to show him around . now toh you know roads also . haha
User 1: haha yeah not that much
User 2: nice chalo do something nice . i'm excited for you . but yeah rishabh not the best price  . @arusha 
User 1: we may go for this house party . some erasmus thing . idk . 10
User 2: what's this
User 2: ohh only thirty people . big enough but not too crowded . sounds nicr . you're addicted to this site no . i mean such sites . fuck you can do lit things too easily e
User 1: it came on meetups . and i saw the link . looks cute
User 2: what if he wants to do touristy things lol . you deleted this message
User 1: we've been talking . i sent him this . he really wants to do it . he was toh gonna buy
User 2: g
User 1: like a week back . i said . let people fill up first lmao
User 2: oh i see the boys you go to when we fights sigh  . how many joined ?
User 1: ofc i'll talk to him he legit booked tickets to come here  . nineteen have paid early bird . which is good
User 2: don't hook up with him please  . ew . yeahh
User 1: i'll try
User 2: okay then you should also book ? or are you planning to buy there only ? . idm losing to rush 
User 1: ya we're gonna book now . doing coffee sutta
User 2: ae . gg . always . kitni thand hai
User 1: ooh . the dude was heree . i'm gonna make some instant noodles today for sure . lmao . i'll go buy that . and a croissant . or something
User 2: that drunk one ?  .  . oh the cold scenes . i would kill for some instant noodles in the cold
User 1: ya . he told me he needs alcohol to talk to people . that's why he gets scared talking to me when sober
User 2: oh y'all spoke again ahahha ? . omg how many times have y'all bumped into each other 
User 1: a few . but we don't talk much
User 2: you deleted this message . haha lol . walking back now ?
User 1: in the room . no i didn't have wine . when you sleeping ? . message whenever you do
User 2: yes i shall not pass out . how's your headd
User 1: coffee fixed it . hehe
User 2: you can save that for the  in amsterdam hahahahhaaha
User 1: lmao . dude . so . if i recharge as a student . i get some ten bucks off i think . but . i'm too lazy to stand in linee . i don't want to . but i have to recharge tomorrow
User 2: loll
User 1: cause feb is the new month
User 2: i mean ten bucks is a good meal . i'd choose food because you know how gluttonous i am . how long is the line anyway
User 1: ah . it's always so long . and . i lost my student id . i'll have to carry my bonafide . or something
User 2: hahaha . should work, try
User 1: and idek if it'll work . uf . i'll try kal . plus . half the time they aren't open
User 2: dude i keep seeing videos on reddit of chaos in france . and paris specifically too . seems bad man
User 1: i've barely experienced it thankfully
User 2: oh thank god it doesn't happen in any of your areas
User 1: i went to oberkampf . near republique . 11th arrondissement . and i saw a protest happening . seemed peaceful . but i ran from there . oh forgot to tell you
User 2: oh
User 1: i went for a mass on sunday
User 2:  ?
User 1: i entered saint paul chirch . and suddenly this bell started ringing . turns out its for the mass . so i sat for a one hour long mass . didn't understand a word
User 2: what's a mass . and you had a party on sunday no
User 1: na . church, every sunday, people get together
User 2: ohh . yeah i know that . young sheldon lol . okay okay . did you go alone ?
User 1: no no . was w marie . both of us didn't understand anything . lmao
User 2: was it peaceful tho
User 1: she understood a little . yeah
User 2: cutee
User 1: i really liked it for 30-40 mins then i got a little tired . of not understanding anything
User 2: loll . yeah makes sense . excited for tomorrow ?
User 1: so i'm going to go to rishabh's hostel . apparently it's damn chill . and we'll probably go get some dinner or drinks or whatever
User 2: what about the party ?
User 1: that's day after
User 2: oh . okay okay . chalo have fun for the night . warm bowl of noodless
User 1: thank you . sleep well
User 2: ly . goodnight
User 1: ly222
User 2: hello gm
User 1: heyo . i got too late today . i'm omw rn . heres a song for you . new york by snow patrol . they were sohan's fav band for a long time
User 2: lil . never heard of them . oh man having a partner with good music taste is so important . have been unlucky therer
User 1: and this song was one of the songs i'd found out and he didn't know i knew about it haha . and he got so happy
User 2: ya . it was like the day when we were talking about eminem songs and i was too surprised and happy that you knew so manyy
User 1: yeah ikk . oh man this song makes me cry but i dont wanna cry every morning man . yeah i sent it to sohan alsp
User 2: wait its all normal only with him no ? . yeah please wait for post work . treat yourself with a good cry :p
User 1: yesyes . even sify shuffle is against me
User 2: not getting the right songs is pissing of hahh . listen to rishabs playlist lel
User 1: it's also nice cause i hadn't heard this in ages :p . i save that for later . commute i listen to my shit
User 2: haven't you heard all of them anywau
User 1: pretty much but idk for sure since i don't focus on the names . i'm in the line for the navigo pass . i messaged ilya i'll be there a little late . i'll stay also thoda late today . what else
User 2: welcome to my life
User 1: hehehe yaa
User 2: but yeah after being with you i've started saving it
User 1: :p
User 2: like literally every song i like and all
User 1: i know it's all already in the playlist so that pacifies me
User 2: thanks
User 1: lmao
User 2: new month that's why ?
User 1: ya dude
User 1: it's taking too much gime . fuck
User 2: cant you go on the weekend ? like 31st will be included no so at least today is sorted right ?
User 1: it's already telling me that it's over idk why . when i tried to scan in my tram . and now i'm thoda ahead in the line :p . it's fine i think . they come in at ten on some days . and i'm an intern . and anyway i think i work too much . for what they pay me . 
User 2: oh wow . you tell em girl .  . garg texted me outta nowhere
User 2: i think he wanted to know if i did the synopsis
User 1: who's garg . oh sahil
User 2: sahil
User 1: omg . he hasn't done it either wow . hard to believe
User 2: yeah and he was making small talk and i was uff get to the point
User 1: i don't feel so bad anymore
User 2: its so so sad that all these things make us content
User 1:  . bro these french people work too slow
User 2: problem with non minimum wage workers
User 1: yeah like they hate talking to people . they're super rude also . oh and btw in french terence is actually pronounced like i told you :p
User 2: and you're toh brown also lol
User 1: ter on ce
User 2: do you call him this
User 1: no bro
User 2: oh that's so cool .  . but proper noun so wekl
User 1: i asked him and he said it's weird if people say that in english . like if you're talking in english . terence fits better . idk
User 2: oh
User 1: he said . i think he's used to hearing it in french only na . from parents and all . omg . he told me this thing
User 2: ter on ce, chal sutta break
User 1: that happened near his old house
User 2: tel
User 1: protests were happening . some dude came in the middle of the street right when terence was leaving . and he was burning a mattress  . so terence started screaming at him . telling him to fuck off
User 2: wtf
User 1: and they legit almost fought . ya right in front of his house
User 2: thank god you're in the suburbs
User 1:  . ya . he was near the same station that i went to . where the protests were happening . i think that area is fucked . 11th arrondissement
User 2: i remember . yeah that's bad bad
User 1: yes
User 2: like my final assessment day 
User 1: and people are so aggressive here and rude def
User 2: aisho
User 1: not the best european city for sure when it comes to people  . but it's fine . there's a lot of immigrants so that's good . oh thank god one more person is working now
User 2: dude this line reminds me of getting a ticket at local stations in mumbai  . i just expected white people to be good at their job but we'll 
User 1: yeah it's slow but in a fancy wy . way
User 2: that's because it's not a poor country like ours xd . oh bro . mumbai people are six peeps in a team for today
User 1: yeah exactly
User 2: i'm fucking sitting here alone staring at the question .  . yeah this is not machine learning  . how am i supposed to teach machines anything when i'm not learning anything . the other interns are actually learning so much
User 1: yeah i stood in the line for nothing
User 1: i knew it wouldn't work
User 2: wtf . what happened
User 1: but ajab told me it would work . they said i need to purchase some other thing
User 2: from where . somewhere close or far
User 1: i have to pay something to get that service 
User 2: aiyo . just go to office rn and then see . nothing can be done rn anyways lel
User 1: ya i'm in the office . you think i'm dumb kya . i'll pay the full price only . fuck it . it's like two more months
User 2: oh i thought you were still in that area onlyn . oh this thing was for some discount ?
User 1: why would i be there . student offer thingy
User 2: arre where you were in the line . oh
User 1: i made it to the front of the line . spoke to the lady . left . i'll pay omw back . at the counter for speedy payment
User 2: how will i know how far is your office
User 1: in case you aren't availing anything
User 2: yeah actually fuck it too much effort for a discount
User 1: exwctly
User 2: fuck my final assessment is today and i don't have any team members uf
User 1: omg . best of luck bro
User 2: bro and all also has started :'(
User 1: are you scared ? . or its peace ? . anyway, i have to work now . message laters
User 2: partially working let's see . okay . i finished the assessment and all the groups are texting me  . they are six people per group lol
User 1: i'm kinda fkd
User 2: su thayu
User 1: i havw to work too much
User 2: except the load, how's it going tho . i can see the fucking cheese arghh
User 1: good good
User 2: okay you win
User 1: i realised that . i need to allow my creativity to show in technical fields . i feel so caged because of the education system that we've been brought up in . that has different fields to such an extent that they've rewired natural tendencies
User 2: you're scaring me . that i don't even realise this . and you seeing different people already do
User 1: yeah exactly
User 2: but yeah this is a good thought
User 1: that's def scary . i feel like i'm experiencing it first hand . where terence and ilya have such a wild ideas and they build on tjat . and it's all based on creativity and intuition
User 2: okay i feel you should def try this eventhough you kinda die when you're baked . but yeah you have the creative edge so try to go in the technical part when you're high next .
User 1: yeah that's a good idea
User 2: yeah that's such a strong point that's needed
User 1: idk when i'll be high tho :(
User 2: march max
User 1: yeah exactly
User 2: if you meet a decent group tomorrow at the party don't hesitate to ask
User 1: and they thought of all the stuff based on the data i pulled and visualized
User 2: o
User 1: it's just that i wasn't crazy enough to build on that . and listening to them it all sounded so obvious
User 2: seeing trends wise or something right ?
User 1: basically . 'creating a story'
User 2: good to be not the smartest person in the group . glad you're learning so much
User 1: based on something they can see . i think it's also . cause terence did a business degree . and that has def helped him . and ilya has a phd . it's crazy you need to do more degrees to unlearn things
User 2: you need to keep their experience in mind too tho . but yeah like sahil and all were literally just doing this . they were seeing olympics graphs and finding news articles that give the reason of so and so trendn . uf
User 1: phew
User 2: did you try to decode your visualisations yourself tho ? like before showing them
User 1: i couldn't create a story tho
User 2: soon
User 1: something made me want to visualise it like tjat . so i guess that's a good thing . but . i didn't know what to do after visualizkng lmao . can you ? . like how do you rate your abilities ? . accha i gotta get back to work . see you in some
User 2: so i've realised that i'm good at deciding what needsnto be visualised which is like the main part . the story part, tbh i haven't worked on something so complex yet . but yes i'd give myself a hard 2 .55  . okay i'm going to bake today and work on my projectt . hey
User 1: heres a song for you . believe by mumford  sons
User 2: hey are you risj . i'm with rush loll . bro . we fucked . y'all have fun
User 1: okie
User 2: hey . cute y'all have fun ! . hey i'm still up . okay have fun . i'm going to pass out
User 1: hi . i'mtoo drunl . too . idk what i'm doik
User 2: lol that also at 1:30am  . you have to tell me about your night lol
User 1: yeah i didn't go back only to my house . up now
User 2: where'd you sleep . fuck even i woke up at like 2 . hello
User 1: his hostel only . dude . hot french dude asked me to chill w him today
User 2: which one
User 1: but i cant go
User 2: office ?
User 1: no . gwenole
User 2: oh lol
User 1: from that partt . i'm legit too happy 
User 2: lol . so we know your first white boy . how much did y'all talk during the week . o do you have to tell me something hmm
User 1: not at all actually . he just asked me if i wanted to go to montmartre with him . i died . cause honestly that place is too beautiful and romantic . so i'm gonna make the next plan cause i couldn't go today . man nothing happened . i realised people don't teally text that much . he isn't parisian but he's french
User 2: just going to text one last time due my anxiousness too .
User 1: omw back home rn
User 2: okay
User 1: i can't really do that conversation rn
User 2: are you drunk ?
User 1: hes . yes . i'm on the bus back home
User 2: what'd you do tonight ?
User 1: i went out w adrien and chelsea
User 2: okay nice . yeah i kinda sent too many messages for which i begged a reply
User 1: not replying to them
User 2: did you even read them
User 1: yes . but i'm tired of replying to this stuff . i can't do it
User 2: it's weird because i didn't even flip out the other night
User 1: bro i can't talk about all of this sorry . i'm done trying to explain stuff
User 2: no i kinda want to get done with our bs so i can have some peace in my life . whenever you want
User 1: nah i'm already done i can't talk anymore . honestly i can't . so don't expect a response from me for any message . i've crossed the point of trying to justify things
User 2: are you kidding me . you don't have to justify . i just want to talk properly
User 1: i can't do it . it just causes too much of pain . and i don't want to do that rn . i'm sick of defending things . im sick of trying
User 2: dude i just want to try and get things back to normality than this toxicity . you don't have to defend any actions . i have too many questions for a sane mind . yeah we both are kinda in the same path for that . you deleted this message . man just tell me if you're going to reply . i've been waiting for overbabday here . i'm going to stop waiting if we're done .
User 1: i'm not replying to anything yo sent . before this
User 2: i kinda need some answers . don't need you to defend yourself for that dw
User 1: nope you're not getting any . idk whay to say any more
User 2: nothing it was a great talk . i'll see you around i guess . can you just send me a ss of the shit i wrote . changed my phone so don't have the chats . about time . how did tib get you  lol
User 1: some guy from his class in school studies in paris . i didn't even know tib was messaging him . and then suddenly tib send me the number of the friend and the dealer . turns out i don't even have to meet some dealer, this friend picked it up for me hahaa
User 2: gg . how was the 
User 1: haven't tried it yet
User 2: how will you roll lol
User 1: ya exactly, i have to buy that stuff
User 2: and get skills . to roll
User 1: yeah finally i'll be practicing properly haha
User 2: atb
User 1: ty
User 2: chal see you . what's up
User 1: hii . nothing much, you ? . how's work going ?
User 2: how come you're up so late . there's too much going on argh and i fucked up once so they are kinda babysitting me a bit . uff . how's the paris life . how's it with gwen . and did adrien finally become a regular sutt buddy or no
User 1: we had an after-work so i'd gone out with some people from the incubator . went a little far so it took time to come back . oh acchaa . how bad was the fuck up ? . it's really nice, idk how i'm going to work in hyderabad after this . i wanna keep trying new countries . hahahaha yes he didd
User 2: bad bad but they didn't give me shit for it so eh . f .  . it's fine for masters again it'll be a new city
User 1: it's good only . but what happened ? . ya true . but idk, i'm really in love with paris . i want to come back when i have some money in my pocket .
User 2: arre now i'm asking for dets and you're not giving  . some cities do that uf . basically spent one lakh on aws in two days
User 1: we drove down to chantilly on saturday but i haven't met him since then . sunday i went alone to auvers sur-oise . omg hahahahaha
User 2: such pg13 updates you give . cute xd . but nice . you got the love experience kinda in the city of love . except that how's it but . like after office scene kinda thing
User 1: we had a newspill event recently . met some active users . and there was too much beer . i got too drunk . so did terence and his gf . that's when i got obsessed with this french song . and we were all singing it together . heres a song for you . moulaga by heuss l'enfoire
User 2: how cute are they hehe . i shall listen . was it "seriously beautiful"
User 1: veryy . they're legit perfect for each other . i haven't seen that ever
User 2: aww
User 1: yaa i cried a lot
User 2: omg hahah
User 1: thankfully i was kind of alone in that entire village
User 2: okay then truly loved upto the word . how's it going with the drunk dude from the local pub 
User 1: i saw the place van gogh killed himself . and i felt like i was walking around in that time . i saw his doctor's house . naa i don't bump into him anymore thankfully
User 2: fuck . i had a similar thing recently too . but mine was futuristic wala hehe
User 1: oh accha accha . where ?
User 2: so like these are public electric bikes . app connected and all . you can just pick it up anywhere and drop anywhere . yeah arusha and i have been tripping on this . riding it high is the best thing ever
User 1: oh ya i used to do this in mumbai . oh wait it's electric . that i haven't done . that's so cool . i see people do that here
User 2: electric or normal cycles ?
User 1: electric sometimes . omg i am reading ms doentation . this is so nostalgic
User 2:  . soon dw . fuck br . just five more weeks there 
User 1: stop
User 2: sorry sorry
User 1: at least ms doentation is so fkn good . fkn facebook can eat my ass
User 2: so you're into the  thing . good good . will remember
User 1: i'm so tired from the drinking . yesterday adrien bought me a beer
User 2: how often you od . one is fine da
User 1: the past two days has been heavy
User 2: xd
User 1: cause it was free
User 2:  ?
User 1: one was the newspill event . one was an incubator event . so i didn't pay . lmao
User 2: it is tastier that way anyway xd . do you have to go to manipal for any midterm bs ?
User 1: i didn't stop dude . i just kept drinking . and the beer here is so strong . so so strong . it feels like hard liquor
User 2: which brand
User 1: desperados . heineken . pelfort . bud . i drank all of these . in one night . i puked at home alsp . also i think all the dudes at the office treat me like a bro . like they'll do the fist bump thing . only one of them actually kisses me on the cheek and treats me like a girl  . and i thought it was just me thinking this . so i grabbed adrien and asked him . "don't you think all of these dudes treat me like one ?" . and he said yes . he was thinking the same
User 2: that's because it has tequila ofc it's hard drink heheheh . manipal way inly . last weekend the entire pearl group was puking
User 1: oh i have a pic w adrien
User 2: you aree . show . oops
User 1: no that's normal
User 2: no i meant oops that only one does it haha
User 1: oh ya . that is oops
User 2: what you working on
User 1: posting the news on linkedin as well . i just parallelized the dose posting . hope it works when we send it today
User 2: it will it will dw . tumhare codes hamesha chalte hai
User 1: no it kind of crashed last time cause we don't have a proper dev environment
User 2: uf nazar na lage
User 1:  . it worked for sixty users then just crashed . but now it takes 30-40 minutes to send it . based on this code, it should take ten minutes . let's see . you ?
User 2: same recommendation thingb . but with newer services . it's fun . but uff they are making me do new things no one has done so it's hard because can't ask all the doubts
User 1: oh yaa
User 2: what plans for friday night
User 1: nothing bro . going with some interns to la dalle . they wanna drink again 
User 2: yols
User 1: i can't drink at all oh god
User 2: that's what they all say
User 1: i'll leave for home early . cause i need to plan what to do this weekend
User 2: that's what they all say  . yes true true
User 1: na i left early pehle also :p
User 2: what are you thinkingn . party pooper
User 1: cause food  everything else . and if i eat out i'll be broke af . legit no clue
User 2: same position rn
User 1: ya dude thank god parents help us out . mom is coming here ! . i forced her . and she got the visa work done . so it's actually happening . i'm saving the  for her
User 2: woah . why . did you even try omg . don't leave  unsmoked it's a cardinal sim . sin
User 1: i have to buy the paper and all . and i've been getting back home late . and all the shops are far from my area . and close early
User 2: first errand for the weekend right here
User 1: so i really want to get it before tomorrow . because i want to stone on the weekend . and go to museums and shit
User 2: hey terence can i leave early today i have some business to attend to . :p
User 1: lmao . i don't wanna go drinking tonight that's why . i'll buy all this . i already crushed some of it
User 2:  . it's like proper strains only na
User 1: ya dude  . ya bro . you saw the pic na
User 2: omg
User 1: it's fkn beautiful
User 2: yes but never seen so much strain together
User 1: and the drawer it's in smells like fkn mother earth . it's beautiful . yaa it's five grams . it was fifty  . 
User 2: that's cheaper than mumbai xd . nice man
User 1: ya and terence also told me u got a good deal . i . didn't get robbed haha . i was watching a tv show and crushing it . and honestly just started laughing . cause i never thought i'd be doing this hahahahaha
User 2: peaky blinders . see . i set expectations from you regarding  before you left and haven't been disappointed
User 1: hahahahaha yaa . you did synopsis ? 
User 2: do you wanna start fighting again ? . stop getting such negative topics up aiyo . but yeah no i haven't i'm fucked . don't know what to write
User 1: ya same dude . i have no clue what to write
User 2: let's see how that goes lol . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . chalo enjoy your night
User 1: not going drinking . i backed out . hahaha . i'm gonna get the paper and filters . and probably grab a coffee later on w gwenole . good night, sleep well
User 2: proud : . not sleeping now . what's your scene lol
User 1: as in ?
User 2: idk just generally asking
User 1: oh idk the scene
User 2: okay
User 1: yeah idk we don't need to have that talk i guess . i'm leaving in a month and some
User 2: matlab ?
User 1: i honestly don't know how to explain it hahaha
User 2: yeah it's fine haha
User 1: you went out w vidit ? how was it ?
User 2: where did i post it lol
User 1: you didn't . i saw it on vidit's story
User 2: oh haha . you're the only unmuted girl on his insta because you're traveling haha
User 1: omg hahahaha
User 2: it's kinda boring till now since he was with his hookuo
User 1: oh accha . i'm gonna leave soon for the papers i'm excited hahahaha
User 2: aye . anushka you need to stone man . fucking strains . i'm happy for you hehe
User 1: i bought it . my heart was racing
User 2:  ! !
User 1: 2 .5  
User 2: peaked prices for peaked good am i right . sorry i'm in a bad network area . video is downloading kabka . just make an m . this is too thick kinda . but nice circles ;) . this tho otherwise it will be harder to pull . you remember me and  science i hope . come on pls
User 1: holy shit . i just rolled the world's ugliest joint . ofc i remember, do you remember my crab hands ? . ofc i can't roll joints . i have crabby hands . fuck i think i'm just gonna stone now . the date is 2801 . 2810, 101 . 02 . best . both today and tomorrow are best . cause 1s
User 2: oh fuck i remember your thinf . okay fuck . i was thinking about it yesterday . because there was little left . and i was trying really hard to pick it . and that's why i texted you . i was like anushka nahi kar sakti  . but yeah . yeah i'm not going to lie this is like when satan fucked a bad nun and gave birth to an abominable baby
User 1: hahahahhaha .  .  . i  yesterday . it was awesome omg . for the first time since i came here i slept well . no dreams . shit i genuinely love 
User 2: you passed out immediately or what lol .
User 1: no way
User 2: the main reason we kinda got together
User 1: tib and i lit up together . hehehehe true 
User 2: oh what'd you end up doing . man don't leave me out next tkme . i sent you a pic for some approval
User 1: so i went out around 8ish . i  akele . and tib  . then after that we spoke on the phone . for some time . and then
User 2: oh okay
User 1: hard for us to talk on the phone and stone
User 2: tell
User 1: rishabh narayan called . i knew he was on acid cause we had spoke earlier on . and it's like our thing . we always talk before acid . spoken . and holy shit he was tripping so hard . and i was so so baked
User 2: hahahahha . fuckk
User 1: and we were just telling each other how much we love each other . and how we hold the other in such high regard . it was too emotional . i started crying
User 2: was about to say that . but so cutw . nice omg
User 1: and then he said, "i wanna go back to powai lake and listen to frank ocean w you" . and then i cried again . and then i spoke to his trip buddies . and they were all so happy for me cause i'm  in paris . and then i was going to get coffee with a french boy . what even . that's unimaginable shit
User 2: hehhe so movie ish . like in queen .  ! . how was your night coffeere
User 1: we chilled at this cute cafe . and just talked and talked
User 2: after so long coffee you had after 
User 1: yaa . we both got an allonge . and it was nice and cold
User 2: wow never even heard
User 1: it's just a logn espresso . long . more water
User 2: ice espresso got it
User 1: even i didn't know until i came to paris . no no it was hot . this was the weather .  . sorry
User 2:  . noob . how are you traveling btw . like alone at night . are you okay now ?
User 1: i'm not . omg . i just remembered . fuck . gwen and i were sitting outside . then this old bald dude came . and started talking to him in french . and was so pissed that i didn't know french . and two of his friends come
User 2: not traveling alone ?
User 1: ya . at night
User 2: he dropped you back no yesterday ? . fucking hel ? ! . sorry continue
User 1: we were near my place only . ya but not angry pissed, just like, "ah"
User 2: oh good only . what did his friends say
User 1: so they were quiet and then saw my confused expression so they were very very nice to me  . they translated everything . and we were laughing so much . apparently . this old dude . was hitting on gwen
User 2: hahahhaha . who said that
User 1: and when they were translating what he said they were laughing so much . that old dude said stuff like . "the blue in your eyes is so piercing" . "how are you hanging out w someone who doesn't know french you should be with me"
User 2: oh wow they are s
User 1: "i wish i could be w you instead of going back to my wife" . "i'm very very bisexual, what about you ?" . and the two dudes kept telling me . "you're going home alone tonight for sure "
User 2: why ?
User 1: this old dude is gonna steal gwen away 
User 2: like that  . did you loll
User 1: man i was so baked . all of this felt so random . ya i did but not because of the old dude 
User 2: it do be like that sometimes . weird shit happens only when you're high
User 1: and then the two dudes are asking me . "is he your boyfriend"
User 2: thank god otherwise it would be pretty embarrassing for you hahahh . likkll . lol
User 1: and my high ass is just staring at them confused . so they just said, "not yet ?" . and i went with that . and we enter inside to pay for the coffee . and he's inside . and the old dude puts his hand on his heart . and acts like it's hurting him to see gwen w me . man i felt like i was in a movie . i was the side character . oh ya . he asked gwen if i'm his side chick . wtf . ya i remember
User 2: holy shit
User 1: yaa . so weird . and when the dudes translated . i just went
User 2: yeah this is best first high possible scene hehehhe
User 1: i said . "yeah i'd like to know that to" . and the two dudes laughed so much cause they were so drunk" . and then as we pay and the old dude is talking to gwen
User 2: hahahha
User 1: one of the two guys . starts talking to me . and he goes all like . "welcome to paris hope you enjoy" . and then he said . "you're welcome over to my place" . and i was like bc what ?
User 2: why do you find all the creeps bapre . but he was drunk so just forget it . stupid people
User 1: yeah ofc . i just pulled gwenole away from the old dude and left lmao . and then gwen and i are were looking at our reflection in this building . it was made of glass so we could see ourselves . and we had this major realisation that we both look very very different . like we're both humans . but we look so different . he's tall white blonde long hair . i'm short brown black short hair . and i was tripping out on that so much
User 2: from different worlds and cultures . yet together
User 1: exactly
User 2: that sounds very movieish
User 1: idk about this part
User 2: maybe write a book when you come back
User 1: to both of us
User 2: haa matlab just like physically in the same place together
User 1: it's an experience
User 2: ya
User 1: and yesterday he actually brought it up . he said . "look i'm not looking to get attached cause dealing with that would be difficult cause you're leaving soon" . and i just told him i'm on the same page as well
User 2: gg
User 1: yeah that's it . conversation over  . we went back to talking about other shit
User 2: dw he'll be more mature than me  . what plans for today
User 1: i'm going w gwen to versailles
User 2: oh it's too nice
User 1: dude he said yesterday that when i'm  i'm like a different person . it's as if two people exist inside me . and that just tripped me out so much .  really clears my mind up
User 2: lol okay don't really agree . too well . ik . samess
User 1: that noise just vanishes . and i'm so boisterous (as rishabh described me) . and i don't doubt myself . 
User 2: this is agree hehe
User 1: yeah i don't think i need medication for my anxiety just need some good strains
User 2: i have seen the major difference when youre intoxicated which is the confidence only hahah . uff . 
User 1: and for the first time i've slept so well man
User 2: i'm glad
User 1: no weird dreams . just a nice deep sleep
User 2: i'm glad paris is going well
User 1: i'm finally getting a hang of things . it feels good . really good . happy leap year !  . i was celebrating it yesterday when i was baked . cause we were out till 12:30 . one actuy . actually . what are your plans for today ?
User 2: wow nice . we came to eat exotic shit and turns out we were late for it
User 1: oh damn
User 2: so now we are going to our area again . and gonna eat there . then probably go out for a drink . shringinis coming tomorrow
User 1: nicee .  !
User 2: i hope our one day some day acid plan is still on
User 1: yaas
User 2: glad to hear . how was versailles . are you back ?
User 1: too beautiful . yes omw backk . it was so cold . i'm not able to typ omg
User 2: pretty . get back and text aramse
User 1: haha no no slightly better now . in the tram
User 2: send pictures . so much open space . fuck i love the view
User 1: today was twelve km
User 2: you're crazy . i'm going to pass out now . it was good talking to you . chalo goodnight
User 1: hehehe . what did you do today . chalo gn . how did this goo
User 2: he didn't make it . woke up really late on saturday and was kinda broke . sucks
User 1: oh damn . that sucks
User 2: it's fine tho . better that way actually . vidit and i had very gay weekend .
User 1: aw . must've been so nice . heavy  scene ?
User 2: yeah we finished like 40g of  . did the electric cycle thing for atleast three hours during the weekend . watched funny shit . and ate and drank only quality material . like i can believe the food i had . i'm definitely taking some girl over there in case i can get a date in bangalore 
User 1: omg . cutee . omg yaas
User 2: haha yes . whens your mum coming
User 1: she's coming on march twenty-eight
User 2: then leaving together ?
User 1: yaas
User 2: sounds perfect bro
User 1: yeah dude i'm so excited . i'm picking her up from the airport . and i told her we're getting wine drunk every night
User 2: don't forget the crossfading . too cute
User 1: ofc . it feels so cool . i'm picking up someone in paris
User 2: hehe localites have to do that anushka
User 1: man . localite in manipal is different from localite in paris . but ya, essentially the same lmao . how's work going ?
User 2: only frontend left but i don't kniw jack shit in js and react and i confidently said it'll be done by tuesday
User 2: and no work will happen this weekend so rip
User 1: excited about manipal ?
User 2: not really .
User 1: why ?
User 2: i just wanna meet the people . i'm done with that place . honestly when i met the twenty pearl people that one weekend i was like yeah people only i need
User 1: ya ofc . by this i meant people only
User 2: do you have to go to manipal ? . it'll just be shringi whom i haven't met lol .
User 1: oh ya actually
User 2: my friends scene is really fucked up rn so kinda just floating in space . except zahra and shivani some drama is going on .  .
User 1: maybe later . mumbai friends ?
User 2: they are also fucking up amongst themselves . since i'm away i can be diplomatic
User 1: oh damn, hope it's not too bad . han ofc
User 2: it started with the friends marriage so yeah just extreme shit . anyway . how bad is the coronavirus scare in paris
User 1: oh fuck . it's bad, but not that bad . india ?
User 2: you know the population . getting bsd . like its there in bangalore for sure . hyderabad . nasik . and couple of other places . if i die know that you were a good friend ha xd
User 1: ya dude it's so scary the messages you guys sent to gokarna . oh man don't say all this
User 2: ready to go 
User 1:  .
User 2: chalo you text me after work . i'll land also by then so perf
User 1: okiee . safe flight . take carr . take care
User 2: you too nush .  . how's work . when is your amsterdam
User 1: good good . terence booked my tickets and acco . for . march 14th . 18
User 2:  . how many days
User 1: so for work it's from wed to fri . i'm staying till sunday evening . and i think i'll get some free time during friday as well
User 2: ya ofc . planned anything ?
User 1: not at all omg . i haven't booked acco for fri and sat night . i have a hostel in mind . so i'll stay there those two nights
User 2: bulldog . perff
User 1: oh man there's this meetup happening at 9:30 i'm thinking if i should go . i need to not be lazy . yaas
User 2: with whom ?
User 1: there's this group called yes theory . bunch of interns and people from all over the world . they meet often . and i've wanted to go . but it's scary . and too much social interaction
User 2: yeah don't be lazy
User 1: but i'm gonna go, i have too . exactly don't have time to be lazy
User 2: stone and go ezpz . that's always the cure
User 1: omg im saving the  for tomorrow and day after . make the most out of it . and also i want there to be enough when mom comes
User 2: itna kitna you  that you have to save it now
User 1: it's not much na
User 2: there's always the next score 
User 1: it's just 5g
User 2: true true
User 1: not happening  . i've  twice only
User 2: with strains there's normally a lotta tob involved so . how do you control yourself teach me one day
User 1: yeah but kitna bhi daalo, it'll get over fast na
User 2: truee
User 1: weekdays i get back late
User 2: dude rishab and i kill through our scores hahahah . from work ?
User 1: yepp . cause i go late
User 2: oh i thought you worked till like 6ish only
User 1: i reach around ten back at 7-7:30 . yesterday i went to this rooftop cafe called printemps
User 2: how's that late
User 1: i forced myself to . cause not enough time
User 2: hahaha good how was jt
User 1: true it isn't . idk i just don't smoke cause it's not enough haha . really nicee . very inward
User 2: i vouch to learn it one day .  ?
User 1: like i was just looking over the entire of paris and recognising things from the rooftop . and the map made sense to me
User 2: oh like that . pretty
User 1: and then it started drizzling . so so beautiful
User 2: that's actually cool . how cold has it been
User 1: oh it's getting cold again idk how
User 2: wow . wait how many packs of suttas did you finish that you took from here haha
User 1: all over and i bought also . 
User 1: a friend of mine shared his blueberry vape . fkn tasty . a week back . i tried it . fuck it was too nice . this is a big deal cause people don't generally share their vapes and all
User 2: right friends you're making clearly . even i found a bong friend 
User 1: ayy
User 2: damn chill group . even guha is in it . only issue after getting too baked they start their psychedelic trans music and im just like .
User 1:  . holy shit that sucks
User 2: bro kya frank ocean and somber music se trans . i can't handle
User 1: hahahahaha
User 2: oh also i've kinda miss the music sharing part . too many songs i've listened to that i think you would like
User 1: oh yeah send them over
User 2: right back at ye . fuck i'm finally sleeping under an ac . i feel in my element eoohoo . going to sleep now . have fun at the meet up !
User 1: omgg . hahahahaha . gn ! . thankss . i'm almost there . just a few stops away . actually, it's fun ! . i'm glad i came ! . it was so nice ! . i'm omw back home, it's 1:38 am . waiting for my train (m3) then i'll take the bus . i think it's the last bus i hope i make it . dude the bus driver hit on me . he was nice, but suddenly he asked me for coffee and i felt so weird . phew . he's 40 . i'm 21 . oh shit . he dropped me beyond his stop . omg i got so scared . so the bus stops way before my house . like a ten minute walk away . but he said he can go ahead . so i just asked him to go ahead near my place cause he asked me where to drop me . i dropped thoda away from my house so he doesn't know where i live . i don't think he had bad intentions . but still . while i was leaving he said . "you're very beautiful, you should know that" . bro i honestly freaked
User 2: oh wow . wow . what did your sayy . how was the meet ? . was he your regular bus driver or just like first time . smart smart
User 1: i said i'm busy cause i have to go to another country . and i don't get much free time . but he gave me his number . first time . bro i was si baked i ate the best thing in my life
User 2: omg wtf . even i just had avocado hahahha . but yeah i'd have your thing anyday
User 1: it was so good . marie and i didn't speak for thirty minutes
User 2: just ate ? 
User 1: ya bro . it was heavenly
User 2: you  with her ? ?
User 1: yaa . i rolled and took it for us to do it . we sat next to the river and 
User 2: how's fhe rolling coming
User 1: actually, not baf
User 2: fuck and it might be freezing obv
User 1: it's smokable hahaha . ya but we were wearing llike three layers . i'm still so baked
User 2: isn't that all that matters . hahahha . you're back already ?
User 1: there's a reason . terence messaged me . hey anushka :)
User 2: oh wiw
User 1: im going to their house . ya . i dird
User 2: woow
User 1: i bought a bottle of wine
User 2: yeah byob french way . hehhee . nice nice
User 1: i was so high when i saw this message . i felt so so nice
User 2: dont get too drunj and say something stupid in front of smart people 
User 1: it's so sweet
User 2: terence is that dudr
User 1: i've been drunk with terence and his girlfriend before after work
User 2: ha ik it was just a joke lel
User 1: they're stupid too  . so it's fine
User 2: cute . enjoy your night . get back safe or just stay over :p
User 1: hahahahah thank you . i'm soexcited and nervous
User 2: you're high . you have the tools to cope up .
User 1: ya i have thoda sa joint remaining . i'll smoke it maybe . but i'm already pretty high man . what are you doing
User 2: i didn't date no puss . you know what to do anushkaa . i met some school friends and smoked some strains . then rn going back from family dinner . going to meet other school people and stone more
User 1: omg nice
User 2: you spark yours man i'm feel agitated
User 1:  ?
User 2:  . that little thing is feeling left our . out
User 1: hshahahaha . i will in some time
User 2: what you doing . enjoy your night stay safe . good night
User 1: thankks . they called at 8:30 so i think i'll reach by nine that should be good hopefully . i'm actually nervous hsha
User 2: hopefully it went smoothly that's why you're still up hehe
User 1: hi ! . yes . i'm omw back
User 2: omg . you're walking ?
User 1: bus
User 2: oh okay good good . how did it go
User 1: it was so fkn good . ong . it was too beautiful . i had my most french experience . i wish i meet them again
User 2: how were the two people
User 1: both were so nice . but one of them omg . he was just amazing
User 2: nice
User 1: we werr all dancing in this cozy little apt . and getting drunk and high . and then this jazz song came on and this guy asks me to dance with him and we did a whole fkn dance together . and it was amazing
User 2: oh wow . that's sounds magical . fuck . especially because of this . chalo i'm glad that went well
User 1: ya . ty me too
User 2: it's been a while since i've seen your happy drunk face
User 1: hehehehehhehe
User 2: i await :p
User 1: yaas . miss  wit you
User 2: you have no idea how many times i've wanted to be under the yellow light and us just lying down horizontally on the bed and tripping balls
User 1: haahahha sounds perf
User 2: tbh, it was .
User 1: hmm, so wyd
User 2: i love to make it awkward . nothing was supposed to go for breakfast to nutcracker
User 1: hahahaha
User 2: but i guess i'm the only one awake
User 1: oh accha . hahahaha . i don't want the night to end . but it's close to ending
User 2: that perfect ?
User 1: it was so so nice
User 2: tell terence only you wanna meet them before you leave . lol
User 1: yeah i will . bro the conversations . they were having . i loved it . and i would say something and they'd all drink when i did cause they loved everything i was saying which felt so nice . but the dancing is when i felt so free . we were all barefoot . and i didn't know any steps that he was doing but he was leading well so actually i didn't fall or be clumsy . honestly that was such a highlight
User 2: that's so sweet !
User 1: i felt fre . which felt so good . john actually asked me to come over to his place but i said no idk why . i pussied out
User 2: naughty things that's why lol . even i don't understand ehy . especially after this
User 1: yeah i don't wanna say no tho idk why i always stop myself . this one point when we were dancing he told mr . "you're actually living the typical parisian life" . that felt so good . cause now i feel proper parisian
User 2: about time ! ? . it isn't even exclusive with you and gwen no ?
User 1: naa . it's hard to talk with him
User 2: you dun fucked up last night then 
User 1: last night ?
User 2: this
User 1: yeah i did hahaa . ugh i feel so stupud . i need to have the balls . i want to have the balls
User 2: did y'all kiss ?
User 1: no
User 2:  . 
User 1: yeah i doubt we'll meet again . :(
User 2: never say never
User 1: hahahahha
User 2: you walking now ? . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . happy four hundred and twenty girl . have a great sunday gn
User 1: omg i'm so sorry . i passed tf out
User 2: haha understandable
User 1: i can't get out of bed
User 2: bad hangover ?
User 1: it's been an exhausting two days
User 2: friday night ?
User 1: and today also i'm going for something . watching a rugby game at the sports bar . i went for the meetup
User 2: oh yeah . oh with ? . do you even know the rudby rules 
User 1: not really haha . we used to play touch rugby in school . it's at 3 . and i can't get up . i have to grab food before . and it takes me an hour to reach that place
User 2: who are you watching it with . new game new environment is always fun
User 1: corentin, noe, friends of corentin, antoine, blockpulse, and estelle, a college from paris and co 
User 2: just gey it at the pub no
User 1: this is what was sent
User 2: that's sounds like a big group . oh sounds like fun evening . beers and sports
User 1: block pulse is a startup so that's like 3-4 people . friends of corentin idk . yeah . i wanna stone now tho . like a small toke
User 2: i'm j of the socialising argh . uf . them terminologies
User 1: hahahahahahha
User 2: chal roll and send me a pic .
User 1: i don't have ciggies
User 2: you know what to do then . virgin
User 1: yaas . idk if it's a good idea considering i'm meeting a large group of people
User 2: accha then keep one rolled for after coming back maybe ? . phukna toh hai hi 
User 1: but i still want to do it .  . bro honestly i was so so funny and smart yesterday i'm so proud of myself . they were talking about famous paedophiles and i stopped them and said . "why do we live in a world where a person can be famous and a paedophile" . hehehe this was a little cocky but for real i think i've become better at just being myself in these gatherings
User 2: adjusting to the surroundings has always been your strength you know . that's why everyone likes you duh
User 1: thanks . but it hasn't always been that way . that's why sometimes i'm taken aback hehe
User 2: oh i totally relate with this . deff . feels good to be accepted doesn't it :p . eh, manipal brought it out of us .
User 1: yeaah exactly
User 2: uff that place . that time .
User 1: yeah truee
User 2: dude you'll be drinking again in two hours
User 1: i can't bro . legit . cannot
User 2: yet you'll take shots in the afternoon when arusha forces you . tsh tsh
User 1: hahaha . i have smoked too much in the past two days
User 2: i don't doubt that at all . yolo
User 1: hahahaa . yesterday  so much alsoo . i was just  . and i fkn took some shots also . i  w marie uske pehle . fuck
User 2: even i  thrice in the past twelve hours xd . weekends after long hard work . we deserve jt . how the high marie
User 1: lmao . bro idk how i'm gonna see terence on monday  . good good hahahh
User 2: you didn't embarrass yourself so it's chill . oh fuck today for the first time while being high . i played with a kid
User 1: omg
User 2: like zahras brother's
User 1: that's cute
User 2: dude i could eat her up . but she kept crying because sobo girls are taught not to like beardy boys from birth 
User 1: yeah but now i'm thinking about it and realising that some weird things happened yesterday . maan hahahahhaha
User 2: if you didn't notice it yesterday, neither did they
User 1: i have a feeling jean, the guy from last night, has a girlfriend . i'm not sure . but whenever he was talking to me, kata (terence's girlfriend) kept coming in the middle trying to stop it
User 2: wow
User 1: and when we were dancing, terence and kata were just laughing . and . terence heard jean asking me to come to his place . oh thank god i didn't go actually
User 2: you said john last night 
User 1: omg lmao . i think it's jean
User 2: you don't even know the truth . 
User 1: idk they didn't spell it for me  . dude omg another thing . jean has come to india okay . so he told me . that he thinks . indian women are so so strong . and smart . and he said one of the smartest women he ever met was indian . but now she's married . and he said one more weird thing . he's 2728 okay . he said . "you're younger than my sister and that makes me feel something" . i have no clue . what that means
User 2: yeah french people are sometimes just weird . fucks
User 1: and then he said
User 2: wah . i feel bhand aadmi bolne ke liye boldiya kinda situation . idk tho lol . tell tell
User 1: "cause you're so young i just wanna be there and make sure nothing bad happens" . yeah he was pretty out
User 2: wow
User 1: i think he believes it cause he was talking about that indian girl he used to love . but he was actually really smart
User 2: not everyone loves easily
User 1: and fun to talk to . like very intellectual conversations
User 2: on a side note, happy women's dayy nush !
User 1: omg thank you !
User 2: that's always positive but okay
User 1: yeah but i think he's slightly too smart . psychopathic smart . ya i'm saying it in a positive way only . anyway what you doing
User 2: ik ik i'm jist saying i feel a bit in a diff direction . i fucked up my flight tickets so going back tonight only . argh should have stayed for holi
User 1: oh wtf . mad
User 2: yes sucks . so kinda packed . and mom made dinner so will have that
User 1: oh damn . wtff tho . oh nice nice . yum
User 2: chalo enjoy your game . read up on the rules before going i guess xd . and always do something your future self will be proud of (roll that virgin j)
User 1: i won't read up cause then i can make conversation by asking about the rules hehehehehe . i'm late otherwise i would've rolled
User 2: they just told me to wfh for ten days because i went to mumbai xd
User 1: omg ehat how
User 2: precautions
User 1: wow . what are you doing
User 2: i haven't started working . i baked 
User 1: oh bro . that's oerfect . dude yesterday i decided to fuck it and stone on a weekday . i was planetary  bro . this  is too good
User 2: hahahah . gg . how's work going
User 1: hehehehe . good good, next week is amsterdam i'm dying . i booked my hostel . and i bought so much good yesterday . and ate so much . and watched this crazy show . food
User 2: finallyy . decided what you going to do there ? . hahahaha . joints are always loyal . whicj . did you improve at rolling xd ?
User 1: no clue bro . right . handmaids tale . actually im not too bad you know . they smoke well . i think i can roll pretty okay now
User 2: wow . are you planning to just figure out as you go ? . send a picture next time
User 1: no no . i have to know . i'm taking tips from people
User 2: but with them crab hands  wow surprising
User 1: there's a smoke boat . 
User 2: wowzy
User 1: those cheese chips are to die for
User 2: that junk tho 
User 1: right
User 2: oh you know that movie parasiye . that won rhe oscar
User 1: yaa . haven't watched it yet
User 2: arusha jain shreeya ut and i are going rn
User 1: omg . fuck . have fun .  ! . i've heard it's too fkn good . especially watching it in the hall
User 2: let's hope i don't get corona that's all  . i called her and she's like you enter and text us what's happen . happening . always late . oh bro i just saw this cookie company that i ate ten years ago in australia ! . in the mall . guess we know what munchies we doing
User 1:  . . arusha ? . omg . hehehehe fuck ys
User 2: yes
User 1: have fun !
User 2: man they're gonna want alcohol after this smh 
User 1: omg ew . ofc
User 2: how's your alcoholism going
User 1: not that bad tbh :p . i haven't drank that much
User 2: beech mai it got often no
User 1: na it was just friday saturday . sunday i went out but didn't drink
User 2: how was rugby
User 1: it's a weird fkn game
User 2:  . how was the evening but lol
User 1: i was actually very tired . from fri and sat . so i packed a crepe, walked around near the pantheon for some time and came back home and just ate and watched something . i was pretty tired form saturday . from
User 2: oh accha . i love the movie . it's funny . oh it's such a u turn movie . fuck . watch watch
User 1: okay shush . don't tell me anything . ofc i'll watch
User 2: jain saw north eastern and shouted the sweet cast of parasite 
User 1: huh ?
User 2: they are chinese na 
User 1: oh accha . saw north eastern people . aw
User 2: yeah sorry xd
User 1: what a cutie
User 2: yeah she's misses you too 
User 1: now toh she's  also
User 2: oh she's the "let's stone all the time including before we go out" stoner . very new for me i'm just like wow . she's asking if you're planning a banglore trip
User 1: but that's how she was before schneider i think . not yet, but i'm pretty sure i will . i think i'm pushing back my ms joining date
User 2: for ?
User 1: 21st july . instead of 8th june
User 2: woah . that's very late why tho . also are sarthak and nikita still dating ?
User 1: parents asked me to . so i did . i'll get more time with them . why ? . also cause sarthu is taking 21st
User 2: we were just talking and then ut just called him and asked lel . onhh . then def come heree
User 1: wtf he called him ?
User 2: yeah hahah . he was drinking in my room when i was getting back from mumbai but left before i reached
User 1: ya ikk . i think you mentioned it on the group . what did sarthu tell him ?
User 2: not the break up for sure . yeah they broke up . don't know why you aren't telling me directly but okay
User 1: no no you mentioned that you missed sarthu by some time . i didn't know whether i can say or not :p
User 2: okay don't tell me then i guess . and then the call happened . mm
User 1: ya ya they broke up
User 2: i know now
User 1: yaa man i didn't know if i can tell
User 2: alrightr . done for the day ?
User 1: i'm thods tipsy . i drank a french liqueur called ricard
User 2: clearly handling your alcoholism . what is it
User 1: ya i just drank one sixty ml thing . it was tasty
User 2: you're out ?
User 1: i'm omw back now . hungry
User 2: what you do for dinner
User 1: i'll see idk about today . i generally just hage cereal and milk . and some bread from the bakery
User 2: oh freshly baked bread hits difficult
User 1: what're you doing now
User 2: we came to jain's pg . now ut and i are going to my place to bake
User 1: oh nice . just you and ut . did you hear the tame impala album ? . the slow rush . dude i am proper parisian . i have a setting with the local bakery guy
User 2: tonifjt . bc i told you but you don't send toh okay what to do . which is 
User 1: he gives me four torsade au chocolat at the price of 1 . idk why . but i'm gonna abuse my powers . also . it's taking all of me to not roll a joint today . bro . this ricard . the french drink . it's such a beautiful drunk
User 2: what is it
User 1: idk it's really tasty
User 2: do it already
User 1: nah i have to save the  :( . and it's already 10 . i'll do it tomorrowday after
User 2: i expect too much anyway . :p . sorry i'm kinda crossfaded and dying 
User 1: why you sorry
User 2: what you planning to do now
User 1: i'm watching a tv show . terence is in amsterdam already . i'll be joining him on wednesday . i think he's  right now  . like he didn't tell me . but he randomly messaged me . talking about conspiracy theories . and stuff about covid
User 2:  . he seems like such s nice person . what was it called
User 1: ricard . i like this pic so muchh
User 2: oh ya sorry . such a homely atmosphere
User 1: yaa
User 2: blonde one must be kata
User 1: yess . those other two are the friends
User 2: jean
User 1: the middle one
User 2: nice nice
User 1: oh you know i tried this beer . pecan beer . i tried it last ftiday . it's so fkn good . this you have to try holy fuck it's too good . it's pronounced pecawn . peecawn . in french . how's the high ? . just you and ut ?
User 2: i've heard of it actually ! . some day . yes . and then since we were drunk we just started talking to some acquaintances from pg
User 1: i'm not sure you'll like it tho . oh
User 2: someones birthday so we got cake when we were dying it's was beaut
User 1: you'll like the feeling tho . heheheheh
User 2: i've had so many weird cocktails here i doubt i won't like it . that's the end game anyway lel . try rhis drink negroni if you see it anyway . it's a cocktail . uf . that hits hits
User 1: hahahhahaa . hahahaa i've heard of this, i'll try
User 2: yes . friday night . kya scene . hello . what's happening with you ! ? . holy shit we spoke day before and now you're here
User 1: hahahaha yeah . just hate being stuck here right now
User 2: you're going to be there for two weeks ? 
User 1: idk . they haven't said
User 2: and what are your parents saying
User 1: what can they say
User 2: are the coming to delhi j mean
User 1: idk if they have to . so i haven't asked
User 2: and why rhe fuck have they out so many people in one room . chutiyas . please stay in one corner . keep me updated ! call me if you wanna talk i'm wfh only . hey . what's the situation like now, m
User 1: fkd up . i'm so fkn done . i'm gonna cry . i just wanna be home
User 2: it's fine it's for precaution . let's hope it all works in your favor
User 1: lmao . ty
User 2: hey . how's it going
User 1: i'm in mumbai
User 2: oh fuck nice . thank god
User 1: yeah thank god
User 2: phew . when did you reach bapre
User 1: today morning . feel so tired
User 2: you tested negative phew
User 1: they didn't test
User 2: i'm sure it's been a crazy fucking week
User 1: i'll tell you the story some dsy
User 2: yes sure . how does it feel being backk
User 1: fkn weird . i miss paris
User 2: ya ofc . you didn't finish the city . like didn't experience everything everything
User 1: idk if i'd ever feel finished :(
User 2: that's true as well
User 1: but i did have a very nice last night . and the morning before leaving as well
User 2: ohh what'd you do ?
User 1: revisited some of my fav places, had the best hot choc in the world . bought some for my dad and brother . and a place i wanted to revisit was passage verdeau . and i remember a month ago while walking there i'd smelled something amazing . and i had jotted it down . the smell . was from this perfume store . ausmane . so i bought two bottles, one for my mom, one for my cousin sis . rose oud
User 2: wait for me to be back . have to change the best hot choc thing . oh
User 1: no bro legit this is world renowned 
User 2: i love those . authentic af and so strong . you wait no man
User 1: haha
User 2: the way things are going i think i'll be back home soon enough :p
User 1: and i wrnt to sacra coeur montmartre to smoke a joint . and i was just chilling . watching the sunset . with the eiffel tower . and smoking my j
User 2: did you get a chance to adrien and all the close people ? . alone ? ?
User 1: yup i wanted to spend the last day alone . yess on friday night
User 2: oh good good . quite some time
User 1: and thought how i want to be that person . take my dog and come heree . and i see this guy rolling a cig . and i'm baked . and idk i got good vibes from him so i went up and started talking to him . and we spoke a lot
User 2: aw
User 1: and went to this cafe le village . and had some beer . and that's when we meet this american lady . the three of us sat and spoke for like five hours . about life and everything
User 2: wow . only paris things man
User 1: imagine . different cultures and generations
User 2: yeahh when do you even get that
User 1: yeah it was def a good last night
User 2: yeah mumbai would def suck after all this
User 1: i went back home at five am . i saw the sunrise also . and also . the three of us smoked a joint together
User 2: ofc . hahahha
User 1: she hadn't smoked since college . it felt so special haha
User 2: that's something wow ya
User 1: and he bought us roses 
User 2: most random group ever
User 1: and i got the joint lmao
User 2: haha yeah i was about to ask that
User 1: then we walked around near montmartre
User 2: oh bro don't make me j
User 1: and then she left . and then two of us walked around talking about shit . i had the flower in my bag on my back . some drunk dude took it out of my bag . and i turn around . and he's on the fkn ground on one knee
User 2: xd . you've had more than normal amount of weird incidents there
User 1: hahahaha for sure
User 2: but eh that sounds nice only . this
User 1: and then we ended up at moulin rouge . and cedric clicked a pic of me
User 2: that's actually a good last night . sucks you met them so late
User 1: it's the thing that blows your hair up
User 2: bro how much weight have you lost
User 1: i thought i put on weight . i def have tho
User 2: your legs look like thin and hot . i don't think that was there before 
User 1: lmao i think it's the stockings
User 2: good one at walking there argh
User 1: they tend to make you look thinner than normap
User 2: works
User 1: i smoked hash also . after all this
User 2: who had
User 1: he had some at his place . and we got  . and we were listening to the radio . then he dropped me to the bus stand at like 4-4:30 . and i took the night bus home
User 2: so late in the night . some weird shit might be on
User 1: amazing music
User 2: hahha
User 1: no it was so good . almost no ads . and beautiful music . i remember the name
User 2: isn't all music just perfect when you are peacefully 
User 1: radio nova
User 2: yeah i expect you to look for names . one of the things i learned from you hehe
User 1: i have to hear it again, so i had to ask haha . and we kissed but i started feeling weird cause of the age gap . and i feel so stupid
User 2: you always do this . chill no
User 1: but thirty-seven and twenty-one felt thoda weird
User 2: yeah lol it is
User 1: and that is so internalised . that i could even change it . so yeah that's it then we went back to talking and smoking
User 2: not really .
User 1: for me it is
User 2: hmm
User 1: like i wouldn't judge if i see two people enjoying eahc other's company and they have some mad age gap . i would not think it's wrong . especially if both love it
User 2: i just feel like that after some minimum age . like that dude was applying to colleges when you were born 
User 1: hahahahahaha
User 2: but yeah this is true
User 1: but idk i've kind of noticed this . i end up having the most fun with older people
User 2: it's a v diff atmosphere
User 1: like in the party i went to  long back i legiy just sat with the thirty-seven year old gay dude . and we both just connected so much
User 2: yeah i think you've told me this one
User 1: yeah . i think i have a thing for people older than me 
User 2: i feel everyone does wanna be with someone with a bit more experience in life . and just all aspects of life
User 1: yeah i guess . idk if it's all old people or not though . like honestly i find myself really thinking like them and just conversing on another level . very intellectually stimulating
User 2: yeah even i've noticed that actually at office parties fuck . eventhough everyone just starts talking bs because that's indians on booze
User 1: accha . you had sent something like this before and then you'd deleted it . i think
User 2: yeah i think i remember . i thought it would be weird then . rn i'm high so idc . but yeah sarthak saw me and he loved the beard and i felt so flattered hahhaha
User 1: hahaha aw that's sweet
User 2: so, welcome back home !
User 1: hahahah thank you ! . i think after quarantine i'm gonna start working out
User 2: you have two weeks na ?
User 1: yaa
User 2: or just like the mumbai quarantine ? . yep i'm waiting for my gym to reopen . bangalore is a ghost town rn . and i live in thane of bangalore so 
User 1: omgg . that is honestly so scary . fuck . is wfh going goof
User 2: nope . rishabh and i keep  man . really fucking good roommate and person bro . bc pranjal is taking him also away from me
User 1: hahahahahhaa . why is he taking him away ?
User 2: rishab is shifting to his room . but like he's going home till end of march this week so i'll be alone anyways
User 1: why
User 2: pranjal is paying for bith the beds in his room . now he doesn't mind sharing and it's inside the building mainly . this cos wfh till end of msrch for him . i'm hoping i get the same and i'm coming to mumbai then
User 1: oh and rishabh and pranjal are good friends ?
User 2: the best
User 1: oh accha
User 2: gauri and al are in the same group . makes me choke
User 1: oh
User 2: anyway let's meet if i come back cool ? . goodnight
User 1: yeah sounds good . good nightt . sleep well . hope you aren't feeling too alone in blote . blore . you're okay na ?
User 2: risking it . i'm coming tomorrow lol
User 1: yeah good move . it's better to be home honestly
User 2: yeah there's legit nithing for me here currently
User 1: guha left ?
User 2: one flight k booked got canned . let's hope the seco d one doesnt
User 1: oh famn . fuck
User 2: today in the morning only
User 1: accha
User 2: how's your home quarantine . four hundred and twenty ke din picture by mistake bhi mat bhejna . arre we at a point that you can't even reply to my group messages ? 
User 1: hahahahhaha . :p
User 2: low blow anushka
User 1: shush :p . sorry . wydd bitchh
User 2: na was just putting it out there that its kinda not cool lool
User 1: okaay, will keep it in mind
User 2:  . sorry i was just confirming what dynamics to follow when it comes to us
User 1: idk either tbh
User 2: i know tbh 
User 1: say ?
User 2: you decide for yourself daa how can i decide for you stupid
User 1: bolo . i'm okay w anything . anything you're ok with . like, no issues on my side lmao . anyway, i'm gonna sleep now goodnight jen . low blow jen, good one
User 2: hahahaha . :p . what is tho ?
User 1: if you laughed you know of course
User 2: you're right there . although this was just me copying you . remember ?
User 1: oh but i genuinely knew what you meant when you sent it
User 2: what are you even talking about ?
User 1: nothing nothing
User 2: tell me baba
User 1: no it's okay . in other news . my grandfather passed away . and i couldn't go cause of this coronavirus . my mother is there . has been in lucknow for the past 1 .5 weeks
User 2: i'm so sorry anushka
User 1: if i would've gone i would've put him at risk . i didn't think he'd die . i didn't want my mom to go through all this alone
User 2: how's everyone handling it at home . how are you
User 1: my grandfather was such a complex man . he was an author and playwright and wrote scripts for tv shows as well . he had a soft s for women . he would be rude to my brother sometimes but with me he was always very very affectionate . it sucks to be split apart right now . i want to go there, or want them to come here . anyway, sorry for bringing this up it felt weird talking about this when all of this is going on . i felt i could tell you cause you were the first i told about my anxiety as well
User 2: i actually do remember . you've told me this . tough times right now . its actually really tough . i can't imagine what your mom might be going through . it's alright you don't need to apologise . ofc . you can talk to me you know . how are you holding up
User 1: i'm good . my mother is honestly the strongest person in the world . the entire time she was taking care of him . and my grandmother and her brother were so numb . she was taking him for a test . and he kept calling her his son . cause i guess people from that time didn't know how strong women can be . anyway, i'm fine, made coffee for my dad and brother
User 2: ya . i'm glad . you're strong strong . sorry idk how to console when it comes to death . but definitely you can talk to me about anything . idk, so do we keep ghosting each other ?
User 1: thank youu . i forgot to reply last night
User 1: i wasn't intentionally ghosting . i genuinely forgot
User 2: yeah a lot happened yesterday for you . it's fine i get it :) .
User 1: that sounds sarcastic, is it ?
User 2: feeling any better ? . noo
User 1: okay . ya i'm good, working
User 2: what's going through your head . i'm sure you don't have any clear thoughts . chalo you work aaramse . take care of yourself :)
User 1: thank you
User 2: working ?
User 1: yaa, what's up ?
User 2: cod
User 1: oh can't play now
User 2: okk ping me
User 1: ping
User 2: response status: two hundred
User 1: i can officially go grocery shopping omg
User 2: hahahha did the stamp come off ?
User 1: they didn't put a stamp
User 2: ohh okay nevermind . but yeah thank god you're fine  after two weeks . the number of times i thought i had corona . me and rishab used to look at each other scared everytime we coughed lel
User 1: omg . ya thank god fam is also fine . i want sutta
User 2: this cutie gave me one small goldflake yesterday because i popped my puppy dog eyes and fuck i got so lightheaded . yeah i think i'm going to leave cigs again like first three years of college !
User 1: i wanna smoke cause i'm bored . idk if anybody is selling in powai rn haven't gone outside and checked
User 2: i tried to look for it first time yesterday and there are actually a lotta places so you should be able to find too
User 1: oh accha . i'll go that same place we went . idk if i should go now . my dad is going to sleep early
User 2: be like i wanna take a walk because you haven't seen the outside world only lel
User 1: ya ya i can go . for sure
User 2: oh yeah there might be some shutter through which they might be selling it for jacked prices
User 1: omg . did you buy the five hundred pack ?  . 
User 2: it was such a 50-50 . i decided health is the way to go
User 1: brave
User 2: but then while walking back found this dude and i was nibba understand the situation . he's like gotchu
User 1: aw . that's sweet
User 2: smokers understand smokers :')
User 1: hahahhaa yaa
User 2: what's up
User 1: still thinking whether to go or not  . idk i always feel guilty buying cigs haha
User 2: clearly i remember when you were leaving for france . my calculations are never wrong :p
User 1: hahahahahha
User 2: cod ?
User 1: i may go to buy na  . may
User 2: i don't understand why are you contemplating so much
User 1: idk man i'm like this only
User 2: yeah that part i know xd
User 1: yeah
User 2: yeah . i'm on nicotine gums if you wanna try that
User 1: na i don't like them
User 2: better than twenty-five bucks a cig :p . did you get em ?
User 1: i did . but i'm tempted to throw it away
User 2:  . scared or don't wanna smoke ?
User 1: don't wanna . idk why i bought it
User 2: dw give it a day and you'll be sneaking off to your bathroom at night
User 1: let's see
User 2: bet
User 1: hahahhaa
User 2: i hate this small awkward talk between us :
User 1: yeaah me too
User 2: what to do
User 1: idk man . just talk normal . i guess
User 2: such a good poop this morning dude
User 2: i love leaving the house dude . i volunteered to gey ghee and oil and shit
User 1: ya me too . but last night i felt like a criminal . bro i legit bough the cigs from some random dude . no cig shop
User 2: full box ?
User 1: ten
User 2: wait have you ever scored  yourself in manipal ? 
User 1: yaa . but this was worse than scoring 
User 2: i'm sure . even i had to go behind some slum area 
User 1: i was on this empty road some weird kid staring at me . and some dude going to a truck to get the cigs . i thought i'd die
User 2: i feel i trust mumbaikars too well . however shady they look . you do look like a kid who can be nicked outta nowhere tho
User 1: i can't trust cause i'm a girl lmao
User 2: one cough and they'll probably run away faster than they came at you
User 1: hahahaha
User 2: but bro wtf is this 2020 . i actually decided to get my shit together and thisnis what happens . like i actually started gyming jesus . nicotine gums ? ?
User 1: ya man fr . paris became home and i had to leave so badly
User 2: hope you're still in contact with them !
User 1: ya i am . i need to leave a few more times to new places . idk when or how . i still listen to this paris radio this dude told me about . while working
User 2: and yet you didn't learn french stupid . f
User 1: hm . it's difficult to learn it
User 2: non mon cherie
User 1: vah . it is
User 2: c'est non difficile
User 1: ok
User 2: f
User 1: what ?
User 2: hehehe nothing nothing i was fucking around . i really need some kinda drama dude . i'm dying at home
User 1: haan get your dose of drama kahi aur lmao
User 2: whose asking you for it  . i was just putting it out there . but since you've said it, wanna fight 
User 1: haan toh even i was
User 2: that's why you added the cute lmao at the end to not seem mean ? :p
User 1:  ? ?
User 2: lets fightt
User 1:  .
User 2: i'd text this to dikshita but we kinda sorted everything out . chi yaar you're not being game only
User 1: i like the peace of mind i have rn . don't need to fight
User 2: ah well . everything's clear for you always anyway . makes sense
User 1: not really always, but some things are clear now
User 2: likee
User 1: don't wanna talk about thatt . chalo, you take care hope you find someone to fight w hahahaha . message you later, have to work
User 2: tell me . ping . hate it when you make everything clear for yourself and leave the other person in a cloud but that's always been you anyway
User 1: it doesn't have anything to do w you . bro i said na, you try to fight somewhere else please
User 2: hahahah okayy . it's chill then don't bother
User 1: okay thanks
User 2:  . lol think about this when you're free tho
User 1: na i'm good thanks
User 2: hehe okie . i wasn't actually serious about the fighting thing fyi xd .  . okay i guess i'll see you around
User 1: oh that's good then
User 2: yep . yo
User 1: what's up
User 2: nothing nothing just felt weird about how we left stuff in the morning
User 1: you started it
User 2: true true . just suppressed anger towards that shouldn't have come out
User 1: towards what ?
User 2:  .
User 1: ok
User 2: back to the time when you forced me to tell you what i was feelings towards you in bangalore that i didn't want to share and you said that if it's about me then you deserve to know . and then i told you the thing . and you ignored my longg list of questions few weeks later
User 1: ok
User 2: ok lmao
User 1: what am i supposed to say ? there's no question in any of the messages you sent .
User 2: i didnt ask you any chill
User 1: okay . it's just that i don't want to respond with anger to anger . and i think that's what i used to do before . i truly never thought i could be angry or would ever have to control anger . cause clearly if i'd replied the way i would reply before we would be fighting in the morning
User 2: smart you didn't .
User 1: yup . if you can't change the stimuls, change the way you react to it
User 2: thanks . i'll remember this . actually very mature of you . but . still doesn't change any events of the past
User 1: you act like you did absolutely nothing . just cause i'm not attacking you every instant doesn't mean you didn't do anything
User 2: we both know that's not true . and ifnyou tjink it is then this message should clear that out for you . you not attacking me sends a completely different message you know . if we're to not care about all this then so benit
User 1: i've tried to talk to you before and all it's done is make me angrier and a worse person overall
User 2: and you shut up and not talk when i need you to so clearly that didn't help either one of us
User 1: you caused it jenit . i've always been the one to talk
User 2: do you really believe that ? not a sarcastic question, i'm actually asking
User 1: yes . when there's a problem i've always tried to solve it . and i don't need you to tell me that . i'm not that person
User 2: okay then clearly we can't discuss it anymore since it's done and dusted from your end and i don't wanna be the person (at least now) that keeps bringing shit up so sort out that's not sorted for me . yes def . but clearly it was always resolved for you
User 1: it's just not possible to have a conversation with you without the anger . can you chill . it wasnt . okay this was out of line, i'll take it back
User 2: alright and i don't want you to go through that negative emotion because i don't want to tell you what you owe me . it's supposed to come from you and for you it has .
User 1: you have caused a lot of pain in my life . the kind of panic attacks and anxiety that i haven't had in some time . talking to you reminds me of that .
User 2: na it's fine . everything's on the table anyways . right back at you .
User 1: and i'm sure i've caused pain in your life too .
User 2: you've no idea
User 1: but that's the thing . i understand that it's two way . all you've done is periodically dump your anger on me
User 2: and do you actually think i don't ?
User 1: or tried to fight like today
User 2: that was only after your first hookup . i just brought it up and you immediately put a wall in between so the convo could have gone the peaceful way as well . but you made sure it didn't
User 1: the way you brought it up though, that's the problem . you always start with an accusation . how is the conversation supposed to go ahead in a healthy way
User 2: okay maybe .
User 1: if the first thing you do is attack . because if you attack, my natural tendency is to attack back or defend whatever you said . this is why i stopped talking
User 2: and you always start a conversation like hey nothings wrong . like there's no big fat elephant in the room
User 1: that's how you take it
User 2: and that's how you take it .
User 1: it's not just been me jenit
User 2:  ?
User 1: this is not the first time i've heard about your angry reactions to things . anyway, i was supposed to call sohan and catch up with him tonight so i may not respond for some time .
User 2: ik the deetee night with siddhant and trust me when you don't know the tone or the current situation you aren't allowed to spread the news . say hi from me to him i guess ? nice boy he is . try accusing me with substantial material maybe ?
User 1: it's not that
User 2: ok
User 1: i've seen the anger as well in general
User 2: yep let's just keep attacking each other to solve the communication issue between us  . instead of defending myself even i should start accusing you right ? . na
User 1: the only thing that pushed me away from talking to you was this, that's all i'm saying
User 2: won't give you that satisfaction . okay . crystal clear
User 1: hahahaha
User 2: seriously tho . yeah i'm funny :') merci merci
User 1: he has nothing to do with this can you chill
User 2: arre i'm not being sarcastic, again . i actually was implying that just say hi to him 
User 1: you can say hi if you want . drop him a message
User 2: you don't understand how via via friendships eork . it's fine . i won't attack you dw . forgot to mention, since you were just accusing me to show how you've not been wrong at all, that i'm sure you always tried to solve it by ignoring each and every single one of your friends and by not even having the balls to reply back on the groups . i feel you really solved it by just texting according to your needs since clearly that's all when you text or when you didny have someone to entertain you in paris . you majorly fucked up on your end nush
User 1: it's just you i don't message right now . you don't need to tell me how my relationship is like with my friends
User 2: thats great anushka . lol i thought it was obvious to you too . but alright heard you loud and clear :)
User 1: hahahah look at you
User 2: such a pretty sight ik
User 1: trying to attack my relationships with other people
User 2: i'm not attacking
User 1: how can you comment about something you don't even know
User 2: youbknow what you right . i should talk only about myself and you . but everything's sorted between us right . ik way more than you think but alright 
User 1: hahaha . i'm sorry to say jenit but you don't have the power to hurt me anymore
User 2: i'm glad . never wanted to do it anyway . you made it very clear when you said that "but jenit there wasn't anything between us ever"
User 1: haan ? . you say you never wanted to
User 2: in bangalore when i woke up at five am and you came back drunk because well you gave me enough anxiety to have too many sleepless nights as well
User 1: but then you say this
User 2: arre so i'm stating facts . you live in your denial of being a great friend to me or to others .
User 1: hahahahahaha . omg . can you chill . i may not have one million, thirty-seven thousand, nine hundred and eighteen friends like you . but the ones i have i'm very very close to . this is what toxic people do
User 2: hahahahhaha . do they change according to which border you're crossing  . right back at you anushka
User 1: hahaha you're really naive . wtf ? am i attacking any of your relationships with people ?
User 2: i'm not going to get more toxic and start calling you shit because then you'll blame me for one hundred other things :( . i'm just saying idc about others but it did affect our friendship .
User 1: then why are you bringing up others ?
User 2: and you're equally guilty, if not more, for our deterioration . example that this is what kind of person you are . so all that spewing and attacking me yesterday was kinda uncalled for
User 1: bro you're a clown to think any of this . 
User 2: seeing the blame is on your side too
User 1: bahi mujhe pata hai . maine bola bhi hai
User 2: people in denial shall stay there obviously
User 1: hahahahah
User 2: hahahhahahah
User 1: i used to listen to you you know
User 2: me too
User 1: okay, please stop texting me my friends are begging me to not talk to you
User 2: say no more
