User 1: all the best for your interview round 
User 2: thanks fam
User 1: welxx
User 2: you didn't swipe right
User 1: hahaha . wait i havent opened my tinder yet
User 2: i'm just waiting
User 1: chal now ill check on tinder
User 2: :((
User 1: its a match
User 2: wooho .  . 
User 1: whats that for man 
User 2: matching with you
User 1: i will unmatch rn 
User 2: ily ya
User 1: aye you cutie  . yo . you better show up today
User 2: i'm with someone right now . i'll come after she falls asleep .
User 1: alright . but anyway show up before 12 . listen can you score . or can you get a score . reply on whatsapp man . ill come pick you up
User 2: happy birthday
User 1: thank youu 
User 2: wow jee that js man . thanks . also ma'am asked for you before the class even began 
User 1: why did she ask
User 2: she didn't say . talk to her lik . lol
User 1: what lol
User 2: where are you
User 1: home rn whats up
User 2: i'll be in pearl in 5 . we smoking before the movie . she told me to come to one hundred and four so you be there before i reach
User 1: where are yall .  . okay
User 2: arusha is having a bath and i'm omw
User 1: i live across jenit . so yeah ill be there dw . i just got out of the shower too now . so ten minutes
User 2: still takes you time to do stuff so i'm saying in advance . that's why i texted
User 2: comee
User 1: two minutes
User 2: i'm coming to your place then lol
User 1: yeah come if you want
User 2: do you know if arusha took my card from the guards ? . i forgot it on the movie day
User 1: she didnt tell me . but yeah ill ask her
User 2: bro
User 1: can you do me favour
User 2: ask your group if they want a 500 . five hundred we'll take and five hundred they . tell
User 1: can you give me proxy in dcc
User 2: i'll ask anushka
User 1: yeah please
User 2:  ? ?
User 1: okay wait . im asking . where are we smoking ip . up
User 2: your place :p . i thought that was a given lol . clean your room
User 1: perfect . not my room but yeah
User 2:  .
User 1: therell be more smoking up . so itll reduce . dont worry
User 2:  ?
User 1: well smoke up upstaors
User 2: arre the people smoking up doesn't matter . we need to know how to split it no . accordingly i'll get a 5001000 score for us .
User 1: arrey . i mean therell be people smoking up definitely worth 500 . so itll add up . and itll be like selling the score to someone only
User 2: so we need five hundred before we score .  !
User 1: okay wait . ill ask properly
User 2: idiot tell fast
User 1: they dont want a score
User 2: accha fine . we are going to emerald come there . a209 . emerald see ya bye
User 1: where are you guys
User 2:  .  .
User 1: where are yall
User 2:  .  .
User 1: where are you
User 2:  .  .
User 1: so many dots 
User 2: you're the stupid drunk
User 1:  . dude . i couldnt understand what was happening 
User 2: you didn't listen to my fun story
User 1: yeah tell me . 
User 2: so tinder match . spoke quite some
User 1: ha today morning ?
User 2: then she asked for instagram in the morning . i opened her profile . find out that mutual friends mai dikshitas best friend in the us . i ask her how does she know her . find out that she was in dikshitas class in school for the longest time . rip
User 1: but are they friends ? . they can be in the same school or class and not actually be friends . so thats there
User 2: she did say that they weren't close
User 1: ha so its fine
User 2: but what a coincidence man . god is like ek aur chance de raha hu
User 1:  . eh
User 2: bro my two thousand and nineteen can't be dry after the breakup
User 1: yeah thats a v big coincidence
User 2: i'm scared
User 1: ill personally set you up . dont worry . im the best wing woman in town  . with a little help from muskaan sometimes . and whats happening with tinder
User 2: because people want you to leave two people alone because of your voice . i was inactive for a bit . full power after sessionals
User 1:  no thats not how it works . and my voice is appreciated . 
User 2: by whom 
User 1: dont irritate man  . and my voice has gotten better since i got back from kerala cuz i didnt smoke for like three four days  then . mofo whered you go after the paper
User 2: i came back ha
User 1: pearl ?
User 2: pragati
User 1: why . werent you supposed to chill in pearl today ?
User 2: i thought y'all were going to sleep . everyone was going to their apartments . you go to your mom . arusha goes to aditya . it's chill
User 1: we dont sleep thats  the point
User 2: what are y'all doing  . goodnightt
User 1: now im going to sleep only
User 2: lol
User 1: too tired this day has had too much  and alcohol
User 2: clearly more than arusha . i didn't know everyone knew about jain 
User 1: no not that much she drank way more than me . everyone knows
User 2: now i'll know
User 1: dude today even if someone didnt know theyd have found out . i literally paid the auto and looked away for a second
User 2:  . and they started
User 1: yeah man .  there was like a one second gap
User 2: how the fuck are you awake all the time
User 1: i just woke up 
User 2: fucking weirdo
User 1: how is that weird . dude what did the guard say when you were leaving  . did you wave at him
User 2: i did parkour again
User 1: you jumped out ?
User 2: ha . when shreeya and jain were going to buy cigs or something
User 1: jain actually went down ? i dont think he reached till the ground floor
User 2: i saw him da
User 1:  . oh i thought he went up to the fourth floor directly . dude that guard really pisses me off . hes such a piece of shit
User 2: it's his job man
User 1: they always take the money and let people enter . thats literally the rule . you can pay three hundred and stay . main gate
User 2: just take a 1k roll no
User 1: no no we dont want one k . come down na in like two
User 2: come
User 1: ha coming . in the auto . thanks fam . send the number
User 2: 91 seventy-seven thousand, six hundred and nine sixteen thousand, six hundred and eighty
User 1: will tell them to send it . by today
User 2: please
User 1: yeah yeah . did they tez
User 2: no bro
User 1: okay wait
User 2: how's it going
User 1: come to pearl
User 2: ab kaise aaunga pagal aurat . subah tc . don't let anyone passout . send all tanishqa's coursera answers
User 1:  . you can jump in mofo . okay wait
User 2: no one's out right ?
User 1: no no were all here . all the more reason why you can jump in
User 2: tel
User 1: okay i dont think anyone is coming now . this anushka went to sleep . 
User 2: man what bt
User 1: yeah now what do i do . im awake only
User 2: who else is awake with you !
User 1: anushka just went to take a nap like about half an hour ago . meet aakansh kunal
User 2: haan toh y'all come to tc no . i'm leaving now
User 1: eh no no
User 2: fu
User 1: they dont want to walk either now . dont be mean
User 2: see you tomorrow bye
User 1: are you coming to gokarna ?
User 2: no man
User 1:  . aye next time . today no one was awake
User 2: suckers
User 1:  . you couldve come to gokarna
User 2: shoulda woulda coulda
User 2: bro . you're in goa as well no
User 1: yeah been trying to get there since 6 .  anyway yeah on the train
User 2: bro please get me booze . you have to . one only for we do hangout also . please you'll have to understand . all the g ones . whatever you can get
User 1: hahah . a whole list . ill tell arusha as well . i dont have this kinda cash on me  . but ill ask her
User 2: i did . but remind herr
User 1: okay .  . im high af man .
User 2: tell dikshita hi if you bump into her 
User 1: what . she was in goa too ? .  . dude i need to go get a lung check up . i dont think theyre alright
User 2: yes . what happened now . congestion ?
User 1: yes yes
User 2: come for dcc
User 1: yeah im on my way man . right outside main gate
User 2: bro in arushas house . three of my books are thete . you have to get them for it
User 1: yeah im getting it dont worry . what was happening yesterday
User 2: you were shoving your tongue down rachit
User 1: fuck  you . i remember not leaving cuz you were there and people were trying to make me leave . cuz i was drunk
User 2: yeah and thats what i left the boys and came to find you outside . then i saw this after coming out . so went back in 
User 1: i was so nice . i didnt want to leave cuz you were there . deepika was telling me . that arusha left so fast .  .  . dont ignore bitch . dont appreciate it
User 2: i just woke up . lol . good naos
User 1: what are you even saying
User 2: nap . what are your scenes tonight
User 1: i was at blue waters till now . rn going to ideal . i met naman . at sanidhyas party
User 2: man . i got so bored last night . what did naman say
User 1: aye he always compliments me . same thing
User 2: why'd you want to be complimented by him ew
User 1: for one and a half hours . hes nice only . honestly
User 2:  . you get the the good atuff . we get the rest . get it ?
User 1:  . coming for class at 10:30
User 2: what are you doing
User 1: right now ? im baked . call me or arusha when youre down
User 2: why i can just sign in ni
User 1: ha cuz arusha and parv have gone to emerald to get the games . and im upstairs rn
User 2: com
User 1: what . man . i miss that whole first year thing man . the time when rudhran used to be here . dont ignore mofo . arrey it got cut man
User 2: man don't get such bt . fucking last sem . get lit boi
User 1: im so done with this
User 2: we can't stay stuck up forever on shitheads no ? .
User 1: but sometimes all that bt comes back . right i know
User 2: man i too think about dikshita everyday . stay strong rev . exactly don't be stupidb
User 1: its been three years
User 2: go drink more like a good girl . i was with her for three years 
User 1: i dont know how to deal with it sometimes . that makes sense . thats definitely more intense . but it does not go away that i say . easy
User 2: okay so next time you think about him, don't shun it away . feel the pain and overtime make yourself beat the pain . it's a slow process but hoga . that's what i do
User 1: yeah i think so too . cuz i always avoid it . i dont want to feel that again so i avoid it . but it comes back anyway
User 2: face your fears instead of ignoring them . only way you'll get over it . wholesome convos ft drunk rev . 
User 1:  . oh man youre such a cutie sometimes . i highlighted the sometimes . cuz its only sometimes .  . i dont like crying so i do push it away
User 2: if i had the same attitude i would still be crying because of dik :) so well . oh well jeez thanks ha
User 1: my way is to avoid things .  the sometimes is in bold
User 2: im in pearl
User 1: i didnt see the call man . my phone was in my bag . and i was too drunk . so i didnt see it 
User 2: yeah mukaan also keep falling
User 1: whos mukaan
User 2: mukaan man
User 1: mukaan . again 
User 2: muskaan . jeez how stupid are you
User 1: dude you typed it wrong two times
User 2: autocorrect mean . let me know the plan for the night . like after you go to edge text me
User 1: yeah cool . it starts at eight  but i dont think well be there by then . but yeah ill tell you when were leaving
User 2: going to sidhants place no !
User 1: none of us ended up going
User 2: heard 
User 1: yeah exactly
User 2: how was your night
User 1: i was soo drunk i couldnt walk straight . that hasnt happened to me in a long time
User 2: are you really sure ?
User 1: yeah man . i always walk straight . 
User 2: where are you
User 1: im home now
User 2: eott what scene
User 1: well go . ill have dinner and come . and arusha hasnt reached back yet . so ill come with her
User 2: wru
User 1: leaving in five
User 2: it's not a treat right
User 1: nope apparently
User 2: bro find out my share for last night
User 1: ha . what share . send me pictures from yesterday
User 2: edge
User 1: thanks  . i have no idea . about the bill . anushka will know
User 2: arre bt chal okay i'll ask her . also what have y'all decided about after end sems
User 1: did yall start baking ? . that thailand thing
User 2: come
User 1: coming i n five
User 2: aa . which night is this
User 1: the last deetee night yo
User 2: oh yeah that's why i asked for this picture . i hope it's booze on my shirt
User 1: thats sweat jenit
User 2: love ok at the color dumbfuck . i didn't sweat old monk no
User 1: thats old monk  . for sure . also now im curious
User 2: yeah it's just for the tipsy peep :p . dude he came to me and said how long you and revati hooking up for . and i got scared . and then he trivedi . i was like thank god  . who the fuck is palak thi
User 1: thats his ex . 
User 2: no comment ms
User 1: why
User 2: mayank started talking about hwr . so i got outta there lol
User 1: hahaha oh man thats divijs house .  . okay well talk about this later 
User 2: yeah we know we shouldn't so we know we won't
User 1: i dk what youre saying now cuz im half asleep but okay . morning . all this
User 2: and i'm half drunk . gmm
User 1: cool cool going back to sleep . you can tell me about your little chat tomorrow . 
User 2: no we actually didn't have a chat lol
User 1:  . hello child . how are ylu
User 2: i'm good how are you rev . how them lungs
User 1: lungs are much better i think
User 2: how's the marriage prep going lol . to many clothes lol
User 1: not marriage . engagement . only now . so not so much work also 
User 2: oh wtf then why does everyone want to go to kerela for that ew
User 1: you first of all have no shame . first not showing  up isnt cool and then talking smack about the people that are showing up isnt appreciated . 
User 2: are . i jk no .  . mad girk
User 1:  . i know i know 
User 2: fuck but its going to be to lit . everyone together again . fucks manipal vibes
User 1: its not that big of a function really . but these people
User 2: manipal people make it one but . exactly
User 1: ive got to keep them in control . no being drunk in public areas . 
User 2: yeah atb with that . aint happening . only one day ka function ?
User 1: yeah just one day . yeah im pretty scared
User 2: it's fine . yols . engagement drama is needed . hahahha . what are your plans after the engagement . do you want goss
User 1: yeah tell me
User 2: so you know how i selected ff21 because arusha suggested . plus i didn't even take her branch because its to far from me
User 1: back to muscat only
User 2: so i took the closest branch . and i got the last last bed in the branch . was casually talking to manjunath yesterday . and guess what
User 1: hm thats far from arushas ?
User 2: yes
User 1: okay
User 2: guess what
User 1: and
User 2: fucking dikshita is also living in the same one as me 
User 1: is dikahitha in the same one ?
User 2: and so is pranjal
User 1:  . oh jesus . fuck
User 2: and they arent even dating 
User 1: oh man . time to change the place
User 2:  . bro i died when i found out
User 1: or get her removed somehow or convince her to move . out of the place
User 2: no why . i want the drama 
User 2: three months minimum
User 1: youre so thirsty 
User 2: no
User 1: for that drama
User 2: yaa
User 2: man she broke up with him also 
User 1: hahahah  . what . oh . wow
User 2: going to be quite the trio . anushka is going to flipp
User 1: yeah no shit .  . she still doesnt know .  ?
User 2: i found out last night after she passed out . she was very drunk . and today we are spending the night together so i shouldn't tell her today right
User 1: oh yeah she was drinking a lot yesterday . right right . yeah you could tell her tomorrow maybe cuz its new years today . new years eve today
User 2: exactlyy
User 2: and we are alone the entire night
User 1: oh yall arent going out ?
User 2: we taking a room
User 1: okay thats cute . but yeah just chill today . i guess . like just have fun today tomorrow do all the serious talking stuff
User 2: ahh we'll talk about about some serious stuff today that's for sure . but that is unrelated . if i bring this up also . then i think she'll get some major bt
User 1: hm . yeah that could be annoying . id get pissed . maybe space it out . but not too much space also
User 2: what do you mean
User 1: okay . i mean like if yall  already having serious conversation . then maybe say this tomorrow . but dude theres also this that you never brought it up despite the conversation . okay jeez . im getting stressed
User 2: exactly ya . then she''ll be like why were you hiding it
User 1: yeah exactly . thats a point . okay then just say it today
User 2: and i fucked up in the past by joking about me going affter dik becasue she's in bangalore . ab toh building mai hai bc
User 1: but say it like casually maybe . you dumbfuck
User 2: yeah and she got properly pissed off
User 1: no shit dumb as . obviously  shell get pissed . 
User 2: yeah that was bad . and even i got major bt at home rnn . so yeah definitely not doing it today
User 1: what happened
User 2: long thing can't get into it rnn
User 1: okay okay . then tell her some other time
User 2: tomorrow morning  . right before we meet arusha . she won't flip in front of everyone 
User 1: she will say something at some
User 2: yeah but have to tell her also at one point no
User 1:  . okay now take your time
User 2: i told her
User 1: oh howd it go
User 2: she was to chill
User 1: what a cutie pie   . oh then thats good
User 2: so wtf why didn't i get the snaps you were sending anushka from the engagement
User 1: oh my cutie
User 2: yeah maybe rudhran was right
User 1: about ? . ill send you all the snaps dont worry
User 2: playing you
User 1: he didnt really play me you know
User 2: yeah no thanks . arusha and anushka were talkiny about it today and i was like umm .
User 1: sometime when i come to think of it . arrey no . you dont send me snaps on snapchat . so whoever sends me snaps comes on the friend that top list . so i just send to people that are there on that . 
User 2: bro i think we aren't friends on sc 
User 1: mofo no wonder . wait i think we are
User 1: we are not friends jenit
User 2: are you revati128
User 1: yes 
User 1: wheres rudhran now . like dubai or australia ?
User 2: australia . why
User 1: oh . im going to dubai tomorrow
User 2: when will you work omg
User 1: sunday onwards
User 2: oh okay okay . what were you saying on sc 
User 1: that hes a piece of shut . shut
User 2: shit . go on
User 1: he hooked up with his ex on new years
User 2: oh man . 
User 1:  . disgusting piece of shit
User 2: you know trivedi kinda told me at arushas party that she thought he was kinda hitting on her and i was like na and then he asked me that night is something going on between me and her . so i was like maybe a general questions
User 1: what . hitting on like how ?
User 2: i don't remember but like 18th night so well
User 1: yeah but what does hitting on mean . yeah id told him about you guys . i remember we were talking and i was saying that you guys recently got togetehr or something . he hooked up with palak . and while hooking up with her
User 2: they were pulling his leg with this name at the party too
User 1: he called her by my name  . what were they saying . dont tell anyone though . i ended it and then this happened
User 2: now i know why arusha got silent when i asked her . 19122019, 08:00 anushka trivedi: oh bro pam was saying weird shit yesterday . her birthday day . yeah don't reply to him
User 1: head  and stuff kissing all these guys do
User 2: ish
User 1: but idk honestly . its possible . fuck
User 2: arre but pam and anushka ? . i mean even she didn't know what to read about that . so well . fuck it dude . but like were y'all going to try long distance
User 1: yeah its true . i ended it on 7th . and i found out yesterday cuz that whore of his ex sent a snap if both of them from . cuz shes a crazy insecure whore . i mean how desperate do you have to get to hookup with your ex that hooked you with your best friend
User 2: that's kinda worse than dikshita also . oh man . eh bro fuck it . we done with manipal for fucking good . let's not go back to any manipal mistakes . chut you are asking for rudhran . dumb bitch
User 1: but what a piece of shit . i simply asked cuz im going to dubai
User 2: i simply asked . stfu . let's keep all that toxicity in 2019 ! . wooho
User 1: dude i found out last night . this conversation i had with him . from like ten to three we were talking about this shit . 11-2 ish
User 1: what a fuckinf 
User 2: were y'all going to try long distance
User 1: he isnt even that fucking good looking . atleast till the end of this semester . and he was the fuckinf person that said he wanted exclusivity and eventually fuckinf date . i never even said anything when we first hooked up . and that very fuckinf night he called me and told me misses me and bullshit . you need to stop ignoring me when im hitching . bitchinf   . youll lose the privilege 
User 2: wait i'm out  . yeah never wanted to say anything  . oh man i'm sorry . oh man . okay don't date someone ugly please . because you used to it 
User 1: and he has the audacity to fuck with me . yeah thats true . cant keep his legs closed for more than two weeks
User 2: arre so you open now . at internship
User 1:  . oh my god in this halal country its so difficult to do anything . i gotta though . fuck . im so annoyed . imma do that . 
User 2: seriously ? ! . yeah sleep with an emirati . uf
User 1: i mean ive never before so ill find a way though . those are dubai people man .  . wtf 
