User 1: call me i want to show my room nvm change of plans don't print anything yet
User 2: okay loco
User 1: oh shit aa jao let's go for movie
User 2: you're paying for the movie ha plis
User 1: haan chill hai aaja bas
User 2: reached?
User 1: yas
User 2: what bro mind
User 1: hahahah ya see
User 2: should have lol go to sleep i sleep good night babu who decorated your room itna fast fast
User 1: see this then sleep https:youtu.beijnr2eps0jw sorry to bombard with snaps lol i'm choosing for my memory wall me only
User 2: all the lights and all?
User 1: yup me
User 2: and you want nethraa on the wall?  no
User 1: what that's the only one i have with upach and tanisha i've sent an email to you with the ppt for printing whenever you feel just get that printed and come with a view to acquainting prospective applicants with the gre test format, collegepond is organizing a free gre diagnostic test at our manipal branch on 23rd and 24th august. the test will also help you evaluate your preparedness for the gre exam which is an important criteria in determining the choice of universities that you would be eligible to apply to.
User 2: come to class only kya kar rahe ho motu
User 1: hahaha what if i did this everytime i finished would you get fab india hmm jk getting ready for gym
User 2: fu gymmm i'm so sleepy ya
User 1: yessss why da i'm checking myself out in the mirror i look hot dude gym forever
User 2: bhejo snaps at least
User 1: i was doing belly dance haha fun 
User 2: bhejdo frand
User 1: hahaha i'm leaving the block i'll send after gym session
User 2: i sad
User 1: loll
User 2: uti medicine tell
User 1: urispaz who got ?
User 2: muskan harsjit is freaking out 
User 1: oh god no condom sex  uti
User 2: pubg
User 1: ok aajao aiyo i'm pooping then i have to shower
User 2: one min
User 1:  okk
User 2: where are youuu
User 1: class give me two minutes i'll come out
User 2: i come outside ab5?
User 1: yes
User 2: i'm at home i bunked last lecture
User 1: okay
User 2: why didn't you come home after lunchhh comeeee
User 1: pls give me a call at 5:30 you forgot to call me i was sleeping da i was too sleepy today
User 2: was talking to dada
User 1: somehow i sat in the last class okk
User 2: hes very sick same i want to sleep now only i was waiting for you cheater cheater
User 1:  go to sleep babu i'll come after sessional only now
User 2: you'll sleep with moi?
User 1: i'm starting prep i will but not today sweetie
User 2: im starting tomorrow but then again you have six subjects and i have five hmmm
User 1: haaaaaan 
User 2: durex air kiske saath use karu?
User 1: haha mere saath pls stupid sawaal mat poocho kal toh dinner hai hi na we'll finish it off with a cherry on top
User 2: you dont get anything if you dont ask
User 1:  theek hai theek hai
User 2: threesome ke liye dekhlo jaan
User 1: jyada luck mat try karo
User 2: aapko nahi chaiye abhi?
User 1: chahiye but you don't need to be so excited lol you only get to watch anyway
User 2: haww didnt you say thoda milega bahut cheating kar rahe ho aaj
User 1: i don't want to make out with girls dude they're disgusting haaan thoda here and there you can touch a boob
User 2: you areee chalega content 
User 1: you chup
User 2: love it when we have such questions
User 1: this is too much sexuals we'll never find anyone who agrees
User 2: there are so many people so sexually up the ladder that we'll be scared of it one day some day
User 1: one only i'm not enough no for you i sad no jk some day
User 2: dont be sad i love you only hehe dude i called you from sahils phone so when i was waiting for you to answer ananya was texting him dude aww mere baby lab itna jaldi kkhatam? too good baby
User 1: why what were they texting ?
User 2: i spolke to mom and dada ji
User 2: fuckkkk
User 1: aww mele baby what happened to dadu?
User 2: arre he was sick only na that fever
User 1: why acha
User 2: mom is like atmosphere at home is better nkw
User 1: okk good
User 2: like dada dadi talk properly now like make an effort to talk i'm glad
User 1: haan why will they not? okk
User 2: i love how extra you are
User 1: thank you show everyone
User 2: bathroom khali hai  poopping
User 1: kya daaloo
User 2: you're the interior designer what are you thinking
User 1: as in ? acha bathroom mein shower curtain hai sticker hai usse zyada nahin cause too much humidity and lights will get spoiled af
User 2: sticker where
User 1: one to play war
User 2: accha i saw good what did mummy say
User 1: commmeeeeee
User 2: i'm going to hideout. vidit doesn't want to meet mahima alone arghh waiting for harshit to come up with an excuse
User 1: lol ok
User 2: dikshitaaaa we played nintendo abhi the console was released in one thousand, nine hundred and ninety so beautiful
User 1: haha wah who has?
User 2: vidit went to japan na
User 1: haan he got this ?
User 2: the voltage converter camr today haaa dude sooo pixelated love it
User 1: nice i thought you were alone 
User 2: awie is okay
User 1: i know show my rooooooommm
User 2: rukooooo
User 1: okk
User 2: helliiii
User 1: hiii
User 2: you what a totem is? inception
User 1: yess
User 2: we
User 1: ?
User 2: i know that harsbits musical box is a totem for me i need to get one mostly got only
User 1: why s?
User 2: it just soothes me too much and since you're not here 247 to sooth me need a spare
User 1: aww
User 2: what are you doing up so lateeee
User 1: pubg  study
User 2: study only plis i'm going to sleep now
User 1: lol
User 2: goodnight lovely 
User 1: sleeping ?
User 2: yes
User 1: good night sweetie pls call me at 11:30 i'll never wake up otherwise
User 2: i don't have internet and i can't even call how will i wake you up
User 1: ok
User 2: good morningggg where are you
User 1: i'm bunking first lecture i'm feeling hungry
User 2: finally thank god
User 1: i took too much time to poop
User 1: ya man
User 2: video calllll jalddiii
User 1: come down fatafat
User 2: now?
User 1: yes sign me in quickly
User 2: did divya reply
User 1: no
User 2: you still don't know why they went out?
User 1: noo
User 2: kinda eating me from inside not knowing
User 1: ya same that's why i had called you
User 2: i know. sriya divya and nethraa only?
User 1: idk that i've asked let's see missed video call
User 2: hello what's up
User 1: jenitttt my fingerprint worked hahaha i'm too happy
User 2: woohoooo nice finally keep it save abhi don't touch it only now
User 1: haan
User 2: dikshita kya huaaaa
User 1: they'd gone for dinner simply it seems they made a plan and went why they didn't call me idk but it's okay
User 2: yeah then it's chill chod na
User 1: i went up and chilled with them for an hour
User 2: good girl
User 1: gave sweets and all haan
User 2: mature noice i slept kept an alarm for twelve for rakhi hehe
User 1: sleeping ? you wished ?
User 2: yeah man too tired today yass
User 1: sleep off call me tomorrow or i'll come at night who sent this ?
User 2: see the size bapre mom sisters rakhi gift
User 1: arre wah that she only thought and all  too funny
User 2: every time she only gets the gift
User 2: i've never got one for her
User 1: jenit my internet got over haha nice
User 2: dude see the sizee
User 1: ya i saw
User 2: kitna use karte ho
User 1: it's nice !! bolo na harshit ko start karne wifi
User 2: ha i'll tell tomorrow
User 1: haaan ok ok kal toh closed hoga day after hi hoga
User 2: right obviously motu
User 2: they went to tito's today looks like a decent place
User 1: good massage i gave na is it ?
User 2: and food is to good
User 1: we can go maybe is it cheap ?
User 2: mashahallah
User 2: eot level
User 1: oops okay some other time then let's save that for 3rd sepr i'll come to stay over that day okay baby
User 2: yas offcourseee
User 1: my fingerprint works now 
User 2: stop with that creepy emoticon
User 1: we'll do our dinner and then we can join your friends wherever they are so you don't miss out if you want
User 2: only us
User 1: okay but we are drinking on 3rd
User 2: whyyy no ya
User 1: arrrreeee cause exams dude
User 2: we'll talk tomorrow i'm sleeping noww
User 1: it's customary okkk
User 2: love you
User 1: sleeppp  love you too the sex was goooooood today
User 2: harshit woke me up rn udi got arrested dude
User 1: what whyyy
User 2: pot
User 1: shittt
User 2: does upach know
User 1: fuck idk what's happening then ?? jenit i swear to god remove all drugs from your house no alcohol also pipe keep discretion mein aise table par open nahin
User 2: awie dw we haven't smoked up in a long timen house is clean we bought it from youth corner along with the dokha both are legal only good morning liebe
User 1: goooooood morning 
User 2: ttyl dont text love you
User 1: what happened with udee which udi udeepon singha right?
User 2: is his roommate manan hello
User 1: missed video call hiiiiii i miss you
User 2: aww is okay soon we shall chill again whatsupp
User 1: i have a gift for you hehe i'm drinking green tea and finishing insatiable so that i can study without any mystery in my head  but i'll not tell okay i'm coming over at eight pm is that okay with you i will leave by nine just one hour to meet and greet it's a booty call maybe
User 2: harsjit complete orange is the new black because of this haha aiyo nooooo not during this week
User 1: fine
User 2: i'm sleeping again now but what gifttt
User 1: jenit one hour no gift for your
User 2: i haven't studied only abhi tak
User 1: you
User 2: aliveree
User 1: good
User 2: padhe?
User 1: han missed video call missed video call you slept is it ?
User 2: hello no i was getting educated about ww2 now study
User 1: okayy
User 2: i'll call okay after done with today's portion
User 1: okayy keep the pipe awayy these guys got arrested cause there was hukkah in the house
User 2: wtf no man
User 1: i made upaasana ka fingerprints
User 2: dikshitaaaaa
User 1: jenittttttttt
User 2: pubg
User 1: haan aao
User 2: i should be able to speak my mind freely of what i think about your friends and you have to listen to it all. and then do whatever you want you can't just get pissed everytime i talk about them
User 1: you should and you are and i'll listen to everything you have to say. i don't get pissed cause you're judging people. i enjoy hearing your judgements. i don't have a problem with you telling me what you think but with why you think it at all and how.
User 2: you make so many valid points that it's pissing off can't even argue
User 1: love you sweetheart no one ever wins conversations with me
User 2: and i have already told you that i have no problems with you talkimg to them. it's just that i need you to know i don't trust any of them with anything. if you do, which you do, then i'm glad. but my insecurities rekindle not because they try to hit on you all ( which the prolly do and it's fine because if it wasn't fine then you would have handled it yourself) but because i feel anxious for your security around them so thats why i keep calling and all when you're like getting drunk with them and all i'm not talking about hooking up, i'm scared for the inappropriate behavior
User 1: everyone hits on me all the time da but these guys really don't. pranjal does definitely but it's like chill type not majnu type. no reason to simply break a one year long friendship over. drinking and all ya i'll not go with them anymore not cause they aren't behaving properly but cause i don't behave properly when i drink. class mein toh no problem is there at all. everyone always helps each other and there's no complication at all.
User 2: see i don't want you not to hang out with your actual friends especially seeing i fuck up your friendships more than you fuck them up. so incase you feel you are just little tipsy but acting weird, i can always pick you up but yeah i don't have any issues with you chilling with them except the safety thing
User 1: dude after drinking and all i become damn out of control like do stuff i'd never do if i was sober but you toh already know that. so ya i don't want to give them any wrong ideas and all so i'll not drink. i'm safe da. so many people are there in all these pubs and all who will do anything. you can't tell who's safe when. if i wasn't safe in your house who's to say i'm safe anywhere. it's not good to simply keep thinking about it and forget to have fun but i'm definitely not saying that it's not important don't ever think you fuck up anything. you just do it in a different way than i would have
User 2: needed to hear thay thanks also i called because i was waiting outside for fifteen mins
User 1: i called back
User 2: silent hehe
User 1: why didn't you pick up ?  aiyo
User 2: why did you bunk
User 1: i didn't write lab yesterday cause i was going gtd so then i am writing it now why didn't you text ? 
User 2: surprise lol gtd?
User 1: awww generation transmission distribution
User 2: three tak bapre how'd wake up today wow
User 1: arre i'm magic dude
User 2: you're the one who sleeps for twelve hours stfu
User 1: haan but on holidays i almost died today video call me in five minutes i'm going to fill water then i'll tell you how i died almost
User 2: i'm going to have a bath phirrrr
User 1: okayyy do that then can you wake me at 7:30?
User 2: done
User 1: okk
User 2: https:drive.google.comfiled1i0ydspqwlozrf87l5qyfarwspdhymkcview?uspdrivesdk
User 1: eight pm pls
User 2: aiyo
User 1: thanks you for the call what a sleep amazing
User 2: hellooo
User 1: hi
User 2: go have dinner
User 1: how would you like to engage in a conversation with someone going beyond the physical judgment phase? let's go for this !
User 2: have you even seen the full video lol i have seen the whole thing lol dad made me see it
User 1: oh god i think you should get the haircut the guy in the check shirt has and then get his clothes also glasses also then you'll look exactly like him and i approve
User 2: i don't like wayfarers and haircut is the messy kind in this climate it won't stay sad checks i likeee what is this
User 1: another hot guy it'll stay jenit you'll look so good soooooo good
User 2: i look bad kya :(
User 1: awwww nooo you look good but when i saw this guy i was like wait he looks soooo much like jenit the nose is the sameee wait jenit can look this gooddddd he should get the haircut and the sunglasses so that he looks this good
User 2: lies
User 1: aiyooo i won't lie to you why awake?
User 2: studying too slow i did today
User 1: okay study study i miss you 
User 2: padlo motu bahut soye app
User 1: nahinnn i don't want to tomorrow i'll start thursday subjects
User 2: sleep now what are you doing
User 1: ya waiting to talk to you eating cheese balls 
User 2: i'm sleeping now
User 1: okayyy sleep
User 2: you sleep plis or studyyy
User 1: ya i want to sleep i have to poop at 2:30 am it's damn sad
User 2: what the fuck why
User 1: idk i ate a lot of junk food i miss you sweetoeeee tomorrow is divya and mine five hundred days snapstreak
User 2: lays moti
User 1:  i love you i'm sorry if i got angry today
User 2: noooo i love you goodnight
User 1: lol good night
User 2: wake upppp
User 1: why so early i don't think i've ever felt this slept ever
User 2: felt what
User 1: sleepy no lunch for me today i'll come back and sleep off i have to finish my sleep na
User 2: aiyo get ready first toh and break mai have food i'll be studying in the break today go to dabeli place and have something please you dieeee drink green tea before leaving
User 1: haan
User 2: pia?
User 1: nope i ate milkybar and pulse candy hiiii
User 2: hello
User 1: hello
User 2: in class?
User 1: yes what about you
User 2: haa sir gave a free period so studying fucking back benchers are talking so much arghh they are playing pubg lol
User 1: you also play
User 2: call after this class is over
User 1: ok are we going for dabeli ?
User 2: yas
User 1: come directly to dabeli place it's raining wait
User 2: get it done
User 1: jenittttttttt i'm not coming sweetie have a nice sleep love you
User 2: noo i'm waitong
User 1: okay i'm coming then
User 2: lol who will sign you in
User 1: i'll find someone
User 2: what you doo
User 1: dsp
User 2: good morning
User 1: good morning
User 2: itna jaldi wowwww bunking today?
User 1: no i have only one class that's why i'm awake i have to attend i'll come back and sleep for a while
User 2: don't sleep during the day
User 1: i have to i'm too sleepy
User 2: sleep early in the night tomorrow exam is earlyy
User 1: i need power nap
User 2: accha tell me when you do. otherwise you'll never wake up only
User 1: ya lol just two hours
User 2: two hours!!! why do you have to attend today's lecture
User 1: cause it's a topic for tomorrow
User 2: accha okay okay go
User 1: simply idk why he didn't finish it yesterday
User 2: what time
User 1: 10:15
User 2: have breakfast you'll fall sick otherwise
User 1: breakfast closes at nine jenittttttttt i really need to finish my sleep i'll have to do that on friday
User 2: take yogurt from campus store
User 1: it's almost lunch time anyway
User 2: its 9:30
User 1: ya 10:15 to 11:30 class then i'll help these people little for my revision then lunch time
User 2: dont everytime you do this you're supposed to be selfish during exams
User 1: arre it's fine
User 2: hello did you food
User 1: yes i ate a lot i'll go for early dinner also i'm feeling hungry i'm hungry all the time during exam when you want to take a break if you want give me a call 
User 2: something good love you
User 1: love you too
User 2: how much done
User 1: like after i finish what i'm doing now i'll be done with a big chunk but still like stuff will be left small small things here and there brush up type
User 2: good only go have dinner
User 1: loco bazaar
User 2: it was so easy dude could have easily won fucking i didn't see haldirams chiwda
User 1: lol
User 2: where did you lose
User 1: zimbabwe language what about you
User 2: .
User 1: arre abbi ten pm wala you didn't play?
User 2: oh shit oops
User 1: all out
User 2: studying
User 1: haha
User 2: lolll
User 1: notification aata hai na if all of us sit and play i think we can make it
User 2: man i keep doing it and it gets switched off
User 1: lol
User 2: we have tried so many times dude shish
User 1: ppl won four hundred bucks for bazaar
User 2: wahttttt
User 1: yaaaa
User 2: crazy
User 1: and it's a daily thing now
User 2: bazar is too easy dude
User 1: so we should def play
User 2: how much left
User 1: not much will be done by two
User 2: thats four hours from now
User 1: ya done ?
User 2: lol no. you?
User 1: yas do loco
User 2: kiyaaa hehe
User 1: lost ? i didn't do gone for lunch last rev ttyl jenitttt did you wake up play loco it's time
User 2: hello didn't sleep hehe hellooooo
User 1: you should sleep play game
User 2: playinggg
User 1: where did you lose?
User 2: artificial startup 
User 1: same
User 2: helu how much didn't study did you
User 1: okay i didn't study anything
User 2: whyyy aiyo what did you do
User 1: i revised second subject before sleeping now first subject i'll grind put it in my brain
User 2: mug up? or numbering based
User 1: it's theory
User 2: jhutii
User 1: and application that time i hadn't
User 2: when did you wake up da
User 1: now i finally completed my sleep play today's loco?
User 2: you only remind me everyday. good girl
User 1: where did you lose ?
User 2: fucking cotton wth
User 1: really? i lost at q6 dude
User 2: which was?
User 1: the mountains in antarctica are named after this cereal brand or something kellogg's horlicks and one more
User 2: kelloggs
User 1: no horlicks even i wrote kellogg's
User 2: wtf lol
User 1: jenitttt what are you upto ?
User 2: hello break
User 1: hello good
User 2: resuming studying now so that i can sleep for a bit
User 1:  awwww thats adorable
User 2: i like the colorsss
User 1: yaaa damn english two day wedding ?
User 2: yass
User 1: haldi and all will happen so fast? haldi sangeet shaadi
User 2: there only everything
User 1: three functions na ? niceeeeeeeeeeeeeee party time for jenit
User 2: study time for jenit
User 1: lol clothes and all will be decided abhi na nice december mein woohoo
User 2: december need to think thin
User 1: hello i'm so bored whatcha doing ?
User 2: hello i just finished two chapters 70 done now pubg then sleep hehe
User 1: ya go to gym build
User 2: wanna play?
User 1: muscele arre wowwwwww ive just stated was procrastinating :(
User 2: huh why out of the blur
User 1: but its fine
User 2: aiyo mad girl
User 1: you only said i have to become thin
User 2: what you did kabka
User 1: so you have to go to the gym na i did everything i wanted to i ate chips played ubg
User 2: bapre
User 1: pubg
User 2: naughty
User 1: drank water
User 2: you study now i'll pubg
User 1: now im sitting and studying
User 2: cutie
User 1: :'''''o((((
User 2: poochie pooo
User 1: haan bye bye
User 2: byeeeee
User 1: love you sweetie
User 2: love you tooo
User 1: ya but its war win in classic then ill know eighteen kill fuck youre mad i also want to play pls
User 2: i'm sleeping now and no you study
User 1: my productivity is less in the daytime
User 2: one tight spank you'll get
User 1: okay will do
User 2: pagal goodnighttt
User 1: how much youre sleeping wake up
User 2: i couldn't sleep only i tried for an hour woke up and ate food bingeyard behe
User 1: lol
User 2: studying only now how much done
User 1: study study
User 2: .
User 1: two lectures to go then dinner shower subject change sleep early morning revise revise
User 2: do the bad wala subject pehle
User 1: 1515 haan that only im saying two to go speed dekh rahe ho girlfriend ki?
User 2: what two to go
User 1: lectures
User 2: acchan karo dinner ke baad video call
User 1: haan god willing i will not have to sign
User 2: for bad marks?
User 1: yes jenit it was so bad surprisingly it wasn't as bad as i had expected i'll get like 7ish which is good for this subject if i get that also i'll be damn happy else i'll get five and very bad very bad veryyyy
User 2: how was it for others
User 1: idk i didn't wait to find out i'll get like eight 8.5 nine it's damn sad dude but like class avg last time was three so that way i'm set
User 2: bapre chalo start studying for the nextt
User 1: yas that's my bitch dude chal ttyl love yoy  i'll get cash we'll eat something tasty today
User 2: pubggg
User 1: wait divss is here haan aaja
User 2: i'm sleeping now three chicken dinners 12 kills in every
User 1: lol okk
User 2: ezzz where is you
User 1: loco lost sad
User 2: hello i couldn't sleep again saddd
User 1: arre i'll sleep with you then
User 2: haan monday somiya rishab and i will have a night out saturday
User 1: you slept properly when i was with you na ?
User 2: that time toh not at all i told you na todaay
User 1: :( ok ill gie massage then u can 
User 2: you don't like to
User 1: awww i will i feel sad when ppl dont get enough sleep for you toh obvio jenit it's time to go loco
User 2: helloo studied?
User 1: nooooo
User 2: kya kiyaaaa
User 1: pubgggg i've done it like five times today and tomorrow i'm going to sleep need for that exam dikshita out for twelve hours gn 
User 2: if you were donethen why you sleep so late :(((
User 1: i was watching a movie hiiii good morning
User 2: no loco at 1:30 go for lunch now
User 1: i killed 4people we came second how come no loco ?
User 2: weekends only evening games
User 1: okkk sad 6pm game we can play dude if i dont get thirteen and thirteen tomorrow i'll not reach seventy 
User 2: so study na you're too relaxed for tomorrow baddd
User 1: ya i'll study dw
User 2: lunchhhhhh
User 1: eating
User 2: beauty hubby girl chubby
User 1: lol
User 2: got ready?
User 1: for ? i can't move from the toilet
User 2: hurting that much?
User 1: ya i ate the medicine so it's a little better still bad though
User 2: awwie it's okay i'll go in couplr of days
User 1: yaaa thank god is it a pet whose cutie aww jenit honey i'm going to sleep for an hour pls utha de baby 
User 2: arre kitna soge
User 1: nahin ho raha i'm not feeling well
User 2: accha sojao four i'll wake you up
User 1: haan okk jenty five you wake me up  not 4, five
User 2: okay
User 1: six i knew answers till the 9th question ustaad bismillah khan galat ho gaya i knew he played the shehnau i don't know why i wrote flute
User 2: aiyo i didn't have an extra life here only i did died
User 1: i also didn't have shehnai dude i knew it shit
User 2: alele chota baby
User 1: tomorrow we will play togetger
User 2: parents have gone to select suit material
User 1: six pm game
User 2: ha
User 1: hahaha not velvet tell them heat lagega bahut
User 2: yeah
User 1: poopy you slept kya ? i look so funny lol happy anniversary hehe  call me before you sleep sweetie pls to wake me at 7.30 
User 2: awake na
User 1: haan one pm utha de babu pls i'm toooooo sleepy
User 2: bahut sote ho
User 1: arre i want to enjoy with you later also i slept at five da pls love you sweetie
User 2: okkk
User 1: jenit i made such a bad mistake dude today's paper i just realised shit
User 2: sleep
User 1: why didn't you call baba
User 2: oops dude i'm failing
User 1: relax
User 2: nono trust me nothing i know
User 1: i've not started studying
User 2: hellooo how was the paper
User 1: hello good 14.5 this time for sure
User 1: what about you ?
User 2: lol we'll find it out kaha ho
User 1: room
User 2: aaoo
User 1: aao niche
User 2: divya called she was also asking where did you disappear
User 1: acha you told her kya ? let her chill tell her i wasn't feeling well or something
User 2: she said i couldn't find dikshita and i heard the door bang
User 1: acha
User 2: you make sure everyone knows what happened dikshita this is bullshit
User 1: arre simply don't give her bt rn
User 2: she's fine
User 1: haan bas chill hai
User 2: you need to tell everyone that dikshita i'm serious
User 1: i'm telling you jenit this is karma
User 2: this is no karma
User 1: what you do comes back to you
User 2: our karma was getting excluded from the group
User 1: probably deserve it ya got it
User 2: all good happy little head?
User 1: divya is coming to meet you she wants to know so tell her everything i don't want to repeat this story again
User 2: i told her apparently it wasn't nethraa and agrim told everyone what he did
User 1: dont care
User 2: and nethraa was like i would have handled it differently my nigga
User 1: really don't care
User 2: all the extras have left come over pls?
User 1: tomorrow i'll come hello you feeling up to egg factory ? check on divya also if she is too drunk or what from outside only she didn't say anything ? like what was her reaction ? just okay ?
User 2: she was just trying to calm me down so that i don't create a scene and apparently all girls including nethraa agree what happened was wrong g what happened at the block
User 1: your mom's reaction naaa ok what can i do
User 2: she's like you didn't start anything bad na i'm like no sorry for pizza night
User 1: lol it's k
User 2: .
User 1: nothing
User 2: guten morgen
User 1: guten tag morgen khatam twelve pm wake me i'm awake baby
User 2: get readyyyy
User 1: ya hi. whatever happened yesterday could've been conveyed to you in a much better way, and my intention wasn't to hurt you. i just think that you and jenit made it very evident that you didn't want to be friends with us after the drama last sem so i think it's for the best if instead of awkwardness and need for fakeness, we just accept that we're all unrelated now you won't have to put up with us, and vice versa if you felt bad about what i did yesterday, i'm sorry for not handling it better. i didn't know parth had called you over. hope you can understand that i'm only doing this to put an end to any unnecessary drama that would've happened over time
User 2: nothing we were doing dude and why is he saying us you weren't talking to anyone who didn't wanna talk to you neither was i i said only to those people who wouldn't mind talk to me and same for you that's some serious bs right thete you're talking to everyone except nethraa
User 1: legit in that conversation when you were not in the room i told her i don't want to be roommates but i don't want to break friendship over this bullshit she only heard what she wanted and left what can i do damn sad
User 2: it's fine. we don't want nethraa. or agrim. why does he think he's talking from everyone's sidr what did you reply
User 1: i never would've thought in my wildest dreams that she would be able to break a two year long friendship so easily i haven't replied anything
User 2: don't reply why do you care it shouldn't matter
User 1: i'm not a horrible person jenit
User 2: you're not dw chill karo
User 1: haan lunch miss ho gaya
User 2: koi baat nahi break mai we'll eat
User 1: haan i have only till three we can eat fooood jenit plssss i realllllyyyyy want to eat out today rajasthani mess bhi chalega
User 2: dominoes at home? pizza hutttt
User 1: pizza hut idm jaake dominoes some other day like i want to go out
User 2: okayyyyy
User 1: okk not date night eat out to clear your mind night i'm asking divya also
User 2: haa
User 1: seeing my paper
User 2: bunked the last lecture hehe
User 1: lol home?
User 2: movie at ten tofayyyy
User 1: which movie ??
User 2: the searching
User 1: ok lol
User 2: sojao
User 1: lol haan
User 2: let's go at eight na so i can directly go for the movie
User 1: haan ok come fastttlyy can't sleep  you didn't tell me how the movie was i'm sure you slept off in the hall missed voice call i was thinking to reply to agrim i have some things i wish to tell him i'll send the note to you you have to read it there's anything he can say to refute any points i make you have to tell me missed voice call
User 2: send
User 1: i'm thinking da have to play the cards right what did you help agrim with ? the wifi thing tell exactly
User 2: that he hasn't done anything wrong and hence should suffer so he should get all his devices to four hundred and five and i'll connect them to my wifi
User 1: fucking bitch you never told him anything wrong na
User 2: nope
User 1: what we did was try to express our problem they bullied me
User 2: when
User 1: i'm calling their bullshit dude fourth semester end on monday
User 2: for sure write a message
User 1: ya i'm collecting my points i keep forgetting stuff i wrote it down
User 2: send
User 1: arre in pencil wait da after lunch before two i'll send i'm in class how to type so much so far fast  im feeling bad to write such a strong message why to simply tell chutiya people that they are chutiya
User 2: it's fine don't send then we are the winners of this roundn
User 1: yup
User 2: hello
User 1: hi sweetheart 
User 2: how are you
User 1: im gooood what are you doingggg
User 2: so bored today dude vidit and i had an argument about money he said i owed him more than i did even though everything is on walnut we sorted that out then tp harshit is so mad that i haven't got the keys made i'm being the bad roommate this srm sad i'll try to be better whatelsr so that's chill we booked the nun recliners woohoo and then some courdera so eh boring day what did you doooo
User 1: aiyo sweetie taking it chill cause less responsibility chill kar dont fight about money like thats the last thing youll should fight about chi give him if hes telling that you owe him simply dont fight over it
User 2: no obviously not. mad kya money ke upar i'm not losing friends telling na we sorted it
User 1: haan good
User 2: we'll smoke together only now 
User 1: good i hope you ddint book nun for me
User 2: i didnt
User 1: tanisha has come abhi
User 2: booked it for harshit 
User 1: i will go chill with them
User 2: accha text me later
User 1: for sureeeeee some drama will probably happne
User 2: with harshit?
User 1: no with tan
User 2: whyyy
User 1: yaaas
User 2: he's a loser fu
User 1: hahahahah there's a reason why i have a higher rank than you gold player
User 2: but you suck shiii
User 1: no i don't bitch i saw your ask.fm are you sure i'm the one who sucks lolllllll lolll
User 2: bro plis bad timen very bad so pretentious
User 1: lol
User 2: let's not talk about it harshit and sasha almost fought
User 1: it's nethraas hbd loll
User 2: lolll
User 1: why
User 2: harshitnis strong for his sizr long i'll tell kater
User 1: lol bachpan se non veg hai
User 2: haa harshit was so pissed
User 1: whyy
User 2: like he got thoda zyada angry that he started kicking sasha's door when he wasn't opening so vidit just walked out
User 1: then nnnn?
User 2: because harshig was being immature with the dealing of the situation and drunk according to him that's why
User 1: arrree
User 2: so then harshit and vidit sorted it out
User 1: good then what about sasha.
User 2: tru we do have more drama than yall
User 1: lol
User 2: everyone's just pissed at him
User 1: lol
User 2: did you wish nethraa
User 1: he's weird leave him be divya got cake for me from nethraas room lol
User 2: did you wish but 
User 1: no wtf
User 2: good dont everrr
User 1: ya simply why so much i did for her this is how she's treating me
User 2: fuck the free world dikshita
User 1: harshit asked divya what happened between nethraa and i divya said ask jenit so you tell him lol divya also told him something
User 2: okayy
User 1: so legit the entire divya band heard lil
User 2: gossip spreads hehe
User 1: lolll and they were all like what agrim did was wrong chal i better sleep i have early morning tomorrow 
User 2: goodnighttt
User 1: goodnight
User 2: you woke up na
User 1: yaa i had lab
User 2: hello
User 1: hii
User 2: i completed everything i was procrastinating fot
User 1: wassup arre wah jenit super productive jenit this is the cutest photo ever 
User 2: awir which condom do you wanttt
User 1: i want to pose nothing i'll die dude i am taking medicine
User 2: for laterrrr
User 1: but def manforce
User 2: wanna try kamasutra?
User 1: i want to post this for your hbdddd no i haven't ever heard of that
User 2: haan post
User 1: it's soooooooooooooooooo cute
User 2: i'll get manforce later then they don't have it
User 1: acha okay
User 2: yeah okay jeez
User 2: helloo i got the key also made haha
User 1: hello yayyy good job lots of things you did
User 2: after class pp?
User 1: you think you can help me with the things i'm procrastinating about ? kts hbd treat
User 2: like what okayy
User 1: i have to give my cycle for repair i can get ready at your place and go it's only at eight so i have to start getting ready by like 6:30
User 2: get ready properly in hostel only da
User 1:  when will i chill with you
User 2: not todau
User 1: whennnn
User 2: saturdau
User 1: okk saturday shop is open ? friday after your lab ?
User 2: tomorrow before movie mostly this is also fine do i have go give it
User 1: no da i'll go
User 2: good
User 1: what to see
User 2: white lightttt in bathroom i got internettt i went to renew and it wasn't happening first i had to get a recharge done before the scheme could be activated i didn't take airtel
User 1: whyyyy take airtel !
User 2: dude the airtel secure is not there anymore me taking airtel was because of that so why yo simply go through that hassle i got a haircutttt it's nice
User 1:  whyy show me
User 2: you will toh not like it
User 1: send
User 2: waittt massage time for moi
User 1: ok ganja look good good stupid boy https:goo.glimagesbdtkzu see this you get 6 you're supposed to get 4 or 9 this is a cute photo but
User 2: bad network at tiwari chat hehe
User 1: oops
User 2: it's this onlyyyyy
User 1: okay okay noooo side se why did you get cut next time i will come with you for haircut
User 2: every my mom doesn't
User 1: arreeee that's why you get such haircuts
User 2: atleast i don't shave like a boy  my haircuts are niceee
User 1: arre haab but i told you naaaa from one side he cuts too much that looks good in a couple of days after it grows out
User 2: toh let it groow rather small than big naaa motu
User 1: nooo 
User 2: saturday plan canned rishab. is sick
User 1: why arre damn sad
User 2: also he broke up yesterday need to get dets damn sad
User 1: who with ?
User 2: tanvi long relationship
User 1:  but now you can chill with me on saturday ?
User 2: yassss aannaaaaaa
User 1: yayyyy haan kal bhi
User 2: after lectureerrr
User 1: till before movie haan you go for your lab i'll chill in your house by chill i mean sleep off lol
User 2: theek i'm having gajar ka halva hehe
User 1: hehe from where ???
User 2: i said na i was tiwari met devishi and jappee there
User 1: oh haan wahan milta hai kya nice loll
User 2: lab eval tomorrow
User 1: what are you doing studying that now ?
User 2: just got home
User 1: my stomach is grumbling
User 2: relaxing now then coursera
User 1: aiyo
User 2: must get certificate why
User 1: you went alone to tiwari could've called me hungry oh haan i should also do coursera finish it off
User 2: i went because these guys wanted patcel
User 1: ohhhh okk
User 2: so i was like might as well get it for me too khaoo
User 1: lol cool cool
User 2: keep some food in your room na tomorrow i'll get the home parcel mom made mithai
User 1: which mithai i'm seeing dresses lol
User 2: the one i normally gey
User 1: i got shopping allowance tell her to send khari na
User 2: when does it start lol you don't drink tea
User 1: full year allowance in one go i get fifteen bas
User 2: fifteen not enough
User 1: ya tell me about it do you like any of the above stuff
User 2: i don't like any dude we just completed the conjuring hehe harshit couldn't stand even one scene idk how he'll manage kal
User 1: lol what time show have you booked?
User 2: 7:45 haa told you ma reclinerrr so many people are going me vidit harshit sahoo naman ishaan naveed jeet priyank
User 1:  have fun chal
User 2: kal after first half we'll go home together you'll eat lunch at home ns
User 1: haan you toh won't wait for me na yaaaaa  oral lol wanna post this should i ? did you sleep already babu missed video call i posted lol good response what about this i just want to buy a nice dress i've lost my fashionable eye i should stick to hilfiger
User 2: lunch will take time daaa idk nooo stop being a boy kitna you snapchat haha how was the treat did y'all drinkkk
User 1: nope no dubbing drinking
User 2: had fun? too many cakes you're getting ha
User 1: yes good fun
User 2: i hope i get to study in the first lecture lab eval if not then i won't be able to chill with you in the break i'll let you knowww i'm latteee
User 1: okayy i will chill with you later na no problem
User 2: where you
User 1: hello i'm outside your class come
User 2: hellloooo
User 1: hi i just got done
User 2: come
User 1: ya coming
User 2: movie already over short
User 1: how was it
User 2: too hypee
User 1: whyyyyy how's harshit ?
User 2: he missed the main jump scares dude
User 1: loll i got creepy messages from unknown number lollll tooo funny he wrote something in telegu missed video call
User 2: hello show
User 1: don't cut
User 2: i'm with everyone in the room lel showwwww
User 1: i thought someone i knew lolll whose number i didn't have 
User 2: aiyo bapre
User 1: i asked sriya to translate and tell
User 2: what's it
User 1: she's at nethraa ka treat na
User 2: lol didn't get invited 
User 1: saaali kameeni i gave her at least six treats cheap ass she's given only one
User 2: south indians dude poor
User 1: yas lol loco kar
User 2: thank god i saw
User 1: haan dam sad you dont know me but i know you i like you a lot this is the translation
User 2: ghattyyyy dude we lost on the 9th question and we knew the answer to the 10th one fuckk
User 1: lifeeeeeeeeeeee
User 2: every did you take all these photos
User 1: now divya toh had gone for the treat na nethraa was like i won't pay for your alcohol and then in the end she did lol i got my period loll it's never come this on time before i think
User 2: oh i thought even you were dressed up three wiyo when will you wake up i don't know
User 1: hello gm
User 2: why so earlyy
User 1: lol idk why  kya kar rahe ho ?
User 2: hello trying to sleep dude my neck is so fucked i was cracking it in the morning and i fucked up full lab went painful and after coming back mummy is fasting the day bapte
User 1: abhi is it better jenit i'll come ? somiya said her treat is cancelled cause she helped with this 
User 2: what bs not done i will stand for what's right
User 1: hahaha have you seen notebook ? the movie ?
User 2: i have seen thoda
User 1: i want to see full with youuuu
User 2: i heard that the actor and actresses hated each other in real life so i didn't want to noooo
User 1: oops that kof spoils lol okay i'm seeing now i feel like crying i will see notebook and cry lol fun times
User 2: why watch 8mile
User 1: lol
User 2: too good
User 1: no i don't want to see a rapper movie i want to see a romance
User 2:  i die i sad very good it is
User 1: aiyo okay where can i see it it's there on netflix ?
User 2: nahii torrent karlo i got family pack ice cream damn hungry
User 1: niceee which icecream?
User 2: caramel cookie something they didn't have vanilla
User 1: you should always buy choco chip ice cream
User 2: i knowwww they weren't available everyone is buying ice cream hehe
User 1: okay lol i'm notebooking divya tonight loll going to be fun
User 2: started?
User 1: ya
User 2: how's it
User 1: slow nvm
User 2: what happened
User 1: lol slow hai movie cute but
User 2: good morning is you awake
User 1: missed video call y i pooped and blood is there ew i don't like this period
User 2: aww it's okay happens soon it shall be overrrr
User 1: yesss lunch time
User 2: eat and come fast
User 1: yes ate come where ?
User 2: pubgggg video call idk
User 1: haaan aaajaa
User 2: pubg?
User 1: playing only
User 2: dikshitaaaaa
User 1: haan
User 2: i'm going feeling too cold i might have fever come home for dinner
User 1: what whyyyyyyy oki are we doing dress up dinner?
User 2: afraid not sadaa
User 1: okkkk
User 2: thank you
User 1: can we order cheese pasta pls it's all i thought about since morning
User 2: anything you want
User 1:  happy anniversary sweetie three thousand, three hundred and eighty 3390
User 2: ha
User 1: haan i reached nethraa agrim in the auto in front of me
User 2: lol good morning feel so much better except neck
User 1: i think you just became tired sometimes body requires rest day
User 2: how much i slept yesterday too much 1-4ish and then evening and then night i became youuuu dude i got one more paper i was expecting around 113 1213 got eleven such strict correction
User 1: good only na see how that's why you're fit as a fiddle
User 2: simile wahhh where youuu
User 1: arre she just went jenit hi go to sleep baby i want to spend time shaam ko or if you have to study then do that
User 2: kya hua suddenly
User 1: basically be free by seven
User 2: nono i'll sleep
User 1: idk i want to talk simply lol 
User 2: very bad line to say in a relationship babu
User 1: kyun?
User 2: arre pagal nothing it's okay i'll sleep why seven
User 1: i have project meeting at 5:30 depends on how long that goes
User 2: haaa kal research kiya tha?
User 1: no abbi i'll do chill hai
User 2: motu
User 1: what are you upto m
User 2: just woke up supp
User 1: waitinggggg
User 2: for?
User 1: for the meeting
User 2: she's fucked what's happening
User 1: not started
User 2: where are you waiting then how to tell arusha that harshit and i don't wanna come to the hospital because we aren't close to revati but we care so please forwards our best wishes to her. in a subtle way
User 1: just got done lol kya bola? haan aaja niche
User 2: at the lift onlyyy
User 1: ok ok ten am you'll wake me ? 10:30 ten no need
User 2: 9!!!
User 1: why but i'll simply have anxiety till 11:30
User 2: why
User 1: why awake so late bacha cause paper seeing
User 2: after you left we did too much tp
User 2: so finishing up studying hehe haa
User 1: how's aarav ?
User 2: chill karo
User 1: nine don't jenit
User 2: he's fine fornmow
User 1: i'm not kidding
User 2: ten haa 10:30
User 1: haan 10:30 lovely i'll reach home at 2am tomorrow twenty-four hours to go
User 2: hehe nice
User 1: ya
User 2: mummyyyy
User 2: get good food
User 1: yaaaay ya dude i'll wake up for breakfast also i think i'll be like french fries with malkapuri
User 2:  this fat you'll become
User 1: lollll i woke up
User 2: good girl rise and shine
User 1: but i'm scared
User 2: you'll get good marks baby dw
User 1: but i'm still scared i got uti again idk what's happening damn irritating
User 2: how now toh we didn't do anything it's fine you'll go back home so everything will be bettet keep taking medicine for one week don't stop when you think it's gone
User 1: haan i can't believe doctors aren't even helping like not even vidushi i've told her so many times
User 2: what do you mean like medicine wise noot helping ?
User 1: ya what's the point of her studying so much if she can't help
User 2: aiyo every body is different its okay babu relax home is near fifteen hours to goooo
User 1: yesssss half an hour to papers
User 2: oh its rn bapre
User 1: aaaaaaaaaaah
User 2: what about lunch bath packingg
User 1: bath packing done lunch skip hoga i'll eat at the cafeteria oh wait nvm
User 2: wait werent we going to eat in the cafeteria together i forgot
User 1: lol haan chill kar babydoll i'll probably be fighting for marks won't have time
User 2: bapre accha you go fast and fight fast and let me know if you can maake it to lunch
User 1: okay
User 2: totalll
User 1: 58.575 one more to go dsp 13.5 coming third now also cause of cs otherwise i would've come second or something
User 2: is okay helloo met harshits parents such a strict dad dude he was asking me also such googly questions
User 1: lol did he ask about cnm acha first flight bye
User 2: noo but he's fucked for sure
User 1: shit dude seven hundred also they gave once
User 2: when's your next flighttt
User 1: i landed also
User 2: hellooo calllliiii nice how's the weather
User 1: hellloooo aerobridge will collect luggage e it's rainy only humid and cool
User 2: oh i want rainsss full day tomorrow
User 1: it's very hot and humid karna toh padega kya karein when should i call you for firewall ka thing for phone whatsapp google chahiye
User 2: kal batata hu vidit showed me scary videos ded
User 1: what scary videos ?
User 2: ghosts caught on tape and the true story beghindcexorcism of emily rose
User 1: noooo why do you see all this lol
User 2: i'll try to sleep what else dude harshits parents stayed over to see how everything happens at home damn strict man
User 1: oh god so then ? what's happening ? strict why hahah strict parents is chill dude the kid is smart then reached home  i think i'm going to die of uti what's von vpn  how to download on phone
User 2: hello which phone does she have
User 1: 15 i got 8.5 in the remaining subject slipped to fourth place costly paper
User 2: sad haan tell her to download turbo vpn
User 1: okay
User 2: over there top right corner there will be a flag of the country youre in you can tap it and change the country to india then it should work
User 1: okk in china be in china it should work guess what's my total though constant at sixty-seven since sem one 
User 2: download vpn matter sorry
User 1: okay my weight dropped to fifty-one lol
User 2: wasn't it fifty khana skip mat karooo pagal bad kne mom shouted?
User 1: nope
User 2: i'm shouting then
User 1: shhh mom is too happy with you she will do aarti for your you
User 2: because of the vpn?
User 1: no because you helped me with all the drama what is this vpn matter
User 2: aiyo sorting it out vpn master
User 1: acha okay sitting with nani missed video call will call later babu lol
User 2: haaaaaa went for a joggggg update pubg babu
User 1: did ssup child
User 2: helllo his parents left he's so relieved he's also going to bangalore at three sad i'll watch the king's speech movieee how are youuuu locooo
User 1: aiyo jenit i'm so busy sweetheart i'll ttyl don't be lovely
User 2: sadddddd
User 1: lonely
User 2: haaaa video call me later
User 1: hi mom's work is there she's leaving tonight na so all guests and all and packing overweight ho gaya by not two or three kgs by one hundred and eighty so have to get it all repacked and managed  ttyl at night i'll be able to call not before that sweetie
User 2: is okay girl all the besttt 
User 1: my head hurts and i am feeling damn dizzy  i ate so much
User 2: aiyo
User 1: and there's so much work now only i got time cause mom gave me work to pick up stuff so in the car for that lol 
User 2: hello dooo
User 1: hello
User 2: from where
User 1: nandan
User 2: what stuff
User 1: it's close only pen and all pista badaam
User 2: oh
User 1: uno battleship
User 2: dude harshits dad got so many kaju katlis 
User 1: yummy
User 2: what's this
User 1: nice uno you donno? battleship ? missed video call
User 2: they are different games ohhh i thought a battleship version of uno hehe how's the pain now motu
User 1: bad it's really hurting who is revathi asthana?
User 2: aww it's okay it will become better de dw i know her by face why
User 1: i feel like someone is taking a hammer and hitting my head idk i met an old friend here he was saying something about her and tanay agarwal some guy idkk i was like yaaa my head was hurting too much to register anything
User 2: how does old friend know manipalite
User 1: it seems they were in the same high school idc dude nevermind ouch
User 2: what ouch
User 1: for my head ouch
User 2: arre babu take a small break and sleep now
User 1: my mom will shoot me in the head haan good only at least my head will stop hurting
User 2: aiyo help her thenn atleast youll spend time with her
User 1: ya i'm helping what else i'm doing since morning but my head is hurting for the past four five hours and i really need to sleep jenitttt ssup babydolll how are you doing all alone  miss you so much missed video call
User 2: i miss you tooo i was occupied the full dau so not bkred
User 1: haaannn?
User 2: done with all work?
User 1: kya kiya? haaan i thought mom will take me to the airport but she said no so i'm here they left ten minutes back missed video call
User 2: whyyy coursera then kaustubh came over 2nd movie is going on now hehe
User 1: good good have fun
User 2: what are you doinggg
User 1: abhi no one is there 10th floor so i've come to kakis place sup jenit wassup darling you slept kya ?
User 2: hello just finished the movie
User 1: hii
User 2: sorry
User 1: which movie ?
User 2: saw the king's speech and valkyrie
User 1: oooooh
User 2: first one was good
User 1: okay sounds boring though
User 2: read the first one
User 1: i shallllllll how's you
User 2: i'm goooddd missingnyou
User 1: awwww same
User 2: you know we won't for a jog today rishab somiya and me
User 1: wtf why ?
User 2: and then ate breakfast yummmyyy
User 1: auto
User 2: why not
User 1: aiyo  morning that too
User 2: weight bad gaya bahutttt
User 1: arre toh why morning that's my love, love mom is too tooooooooooooo happy with you she's like bhagwan koi na koi ko bhej deta hai
User 2: kyu aisa
User 1: she will do aarti for you when she comes she'll be coming after diwali
User 2: how many times bapre
User 1: she's done tareef of you to nani also
User 2: bapre zyada ho gaya what did she say
User 1: she said meri beti ka dhyaan rakh raha hai bas keep it up
User 2: wah i shall
User 1: haan
User 2: michammi dukkadum :))
User 1: what ? what's this ?
User 2: today is the last day of the festival na
User 1: acha okay
User 2: so you say it today as an apology for everything done wrong in the year
User 1: same to you michammi dukkadum loco
User 2: doing that only sleeping?
User 1: no i'm awake only missed video call  hello you slept so fast ? it's hurting so badly i feel like vomiting i was feeling so dizzy throughout the day like light headed type i feel like crying my mummy also left  jwnittttt
User 2: aiyo you were in so much pain
User 1: it's paining from before lunch
User 2: you didn't even talk itna tired why are you still awake you played pung also after that na
User 1: i was seeing sanhok ya i was waiting for you to text back
User 2: sorry
User 1: jenit today full day wasted cause i was so much in pain  i didn't enjoy at all
User 2: you helped your mommm that's not waste
User 1: i thought food will help no i did what i could but i was so tired i have no idea why i feel like vomiting
User 2: have something tasty tomorrow arere
User 1: i ate tasty food today also i need massage
User 2: aww
User 1: viduhsi ka bhi on call hai
User 2: come hereee
User 1: my head never hurts like this
User 2: tell her she will give scche se sleep na then babu
User 1: on call hauiu
User 2: take medicine and dozenoff
User 1: what medicine
User 2: crocin
User 1: i ahve no idea where anything is i don't take medicine for all this my nani and all were also here all i was thinking was headache future telling nani was telling my future same she'll get married before her sister lol  headache ouch
User 2: wtf you?
User 1: ya she has a phd in astrology ya
User 2: why aren't you sleeping i don't know
User 1: i can't sleep dumbo washroom two mins give me
User 2: ham after that keep your phone side mai and try don't strain your eyes more try you're so tired that it will come fast
User 1:  i really really want to cry chal gn
User 2: don't cry i am right hereeee sleep cutie
User 1: so is the headache gn
User 2: love you
User 1: love you too see you soon
User 1: sunday night i'm staying over
User 2: with sweets haaa
User 1: yes okay sweets 
User 2: sleep babu
User 1: bye bye headache hehe
User 2: hellooo sleepy littlee head glorious afternoon
User 1: hiiii
User 2: isnt itttt
User 1: afternoon nahin hua hai it's morning abhi
User 2: haaaaaa thats what i mearn kaise ho
User 1: lol good onlt no more headache have to go tie rakhi so i'll get ready now yesterday i sent pic no that's kaushik now aditya and all nilesh ritesj everyobe kaushik gave me milka yummm
User 2: milka?
User 1: chocolate i'll make you try dw
User 2: sab leke aana dont finish without me pls i need themmmm arrghhh
User 1: okk
User 2: please get good mithais this time
User 1: i'll get it
User 2: last time ganda thaa
User 1: kaunsa ganda laga? my swype got spoilt somehow on my phone slowly slowly it's getting old
User 2: how restart karlo
User 1: yaa let oneplus release
User 2: 6t?
User 1: after seventh semester i'll buy it no whatever the model is after 7th sem actually 8th semester ke baad i'll buy it
User 2: thats more than one year from now yall usephones for too long bapre
User 1: new college new phone
User 2: two years also i havent used a single phone lol
User 1: 40k  four years 30k  three years like that
User 2: full engineering one phone whattt this is toh my 3rd phone in engineering
User 1: why to simply waste
User 2: doubt itll be the last
User 1: ya cause you lost one dumbo
User 2: ae motu i smart you dumb hehe hiiii
User 1: hii i'm pooping good poop
User 2: we havent sspoken since sucha a long timeeeeee
User 1: cause good food i knowwwwwwwwwww today also i'll be busy  sanhok isn't nice dude it's got a great gun though
User 2: what do you haveto do today which thee gun is this there
User 1: obz today is rakhi naaa and then shaam ko laser appointment
User 2: accha han for yall it is now late people laserrrr
User 1: haan late
User 2: woohooo finally hehe lol
User 1: maheshwari lol i'll get it done in parts
User 2: not all today?
User 1: i can't sit for four hours in a go no not all tofay today little tomorrow little ya taken appointment
User 2: might as well get it all over with in a day na tomorrow you'll be free then mom reached? when are you going to leave for the rakhi
User 1: noo eleven have to get ready asap
User 2: no scene you'll taken an hour in bath only first of all then ready mai more time then dress
User 1: no mom didn't take out the pretty dress so casual indian onlt
User 2: hello pretty girllssss
User 1: lol what pretty i look fat
User 2: nooo
User 1: lol okay then mom didn't remove the dresses so sad
User 2: remove matlab give away?
User 1: no remove from the cupboard remove means take out naaa good one indigo departure mangalore six pm on 17th oct wednesday reaching kolkata 00.55 am via mumbai
User 2: 1:45 on sunday?
User 1: what ? no mahanavmi weekend i'm going home when are your parents coming ?
User 2: oh fuck this is october lol didnt see wait let me check they are coming on the same time lo l
User 1: arre shit what to do ? i'll stay kya ?
User 2: its fine do wahtever its not a big deal lol
User 1: arre don't be angry maa  when exactky are they coning ?
User 2: arre im not angry pagal like go if you want its totally fine i think they are coming on wednesday evening 17th
User 1: arrreeee and when are they leaving ? miss ho jayega jenit okay i will meet them when i'm prettier little whiter
User 2: aiyo\ you are white aand pertty hehe sunday mostly they'll leave four days they are here its finee daa some other time where are you no w
User 1: 4th of floor nilesh ritesh ke liye nilesh is getting ready he just gave exam and came
User 2: everyone lives in the same building only kya baapre
User 1: yes
User 2: dont even have tot travel to meet cousins lol
User 1: same building one part of the family on each floor
User 2: how will it be a busy day then man floors you hvae to change nothing else
User 1: haan after two hours i'm free
User 2: we have to travel for so much time to get to each masis or mamas place
User 1: then five o clock i have appointment lolll
User 2: sleep after coming back otherwise todday will also go bad
User 1: haaaan abhi no headache loco
User 2: doing that only hehe
User 1: missed video call oh you have lab naaa
User 2: hello i feel so blah today we went and had mcdonald over there rishab was also like areb you fine aap nahi ho toh itna suna lagta hai
User 1: aiyo
User 2: rishab is going goa he's getting my booze woooohhhoo
User 1: baby why didn't you go out somewhere with rishabh somiya ?
User 2: i went na after class we ate
User 1: mcdonald's you went with them is it ? arre my kaya doesn't have wifi  or network arre wah what is he getting ?
User 2: let's see he'll let me know in something sometime
User 1: okk loco googlyyyyy eight pm khelna
User 2: haa text again at seven hundred and fifty-five
User 1: haan
User 2: i'm studying now
User 1: cool cool
User 2: locooooo loco and cool have anagramss
User 1: thank god you reminded oops i got out
User 2: baikal?
User 1: yes got to go to fourth floor leaving my phone here only
User 2: okayyy
User 1: no no i'll take it with me lol
User 2: video call when back
User 1: yesss see my basket i still got the game bra
User 2: pose toh accha hai
User 1: thanks babydoll miss you sweetie
User 2: miss you toooo going to kmc bt just came
User 1: ya i saw the snap over night you went ? i'm at the second appointment today what happened to priyanka? biking accident?
User 2: hello just woke up we came back by 4ish she got drunk and fell and the guy she was with ditched her lol
User 1: aiyo who is this guy dude why she didn't call you guys
User 2: she called na at eleven was gonna be the next hookup bounced when he knew it wasn't gonna happen i
User 1: achaaaa aiyo chi chi priyanka needs to up her standards
User 2: lol won't happen they too loow
User 1:  i'm still at karta kayaa
User 2: what time it started?
User 1: arre why but twelve
User 2: one hour only na it's cool i wished my abhi itna late
User 1: haan bikini still left that's too painful ? bhabhi ?
User 2: boobs? my dad abhi birthdayyy
User 1: no no vagina lol mad boy why so late when you were awake till four anyway
User 2: hehe arrree we were too exhausted dude that's i don't like kmc the smell of death disease and extra work shi i like only clinics chotw do you know application of fourier transforms in signal processing
User 1: yes lollll but idk how to use it i know the maths
User 2: arre toh use hi toh chaiye shish sad one at you dikshita muggerr
User 1: arre what can i do they haven't taught it only
User 2: very bad babu im so hungry arghhh proper food i need
User 1: why no food? cook didn't come ?
User 2: yesterday wass such bt dude so much blood he came i ate lunch and im still hungry havent eaten you since so many days na so
User 1: haaaaaaaaan i know right
User 2: uti sucks what to do how is it now
User 1: gaya lol kitna paani piya if i leave water i will die i scared
User 2: water is niceeee dude i had cappuccino last week pimples abhi tak nahi gaye death
User 1: why do you drink coffee you like pimples or what
User 2: i drink only black coffeeee one time i had with milk death
User 1: you're allergic i'm telling then also you want that's also bad only but at least no pimples
User 2: coffee is good dude yesterday i had three hot chocolates at night in kmc we should do that in our break s so good
User 1: i don't drink milk based things no pimples for dikshita i got to go to sleep lol text me then i will wake up and read all the messages yayy
User 2: text what lol mad girl sleep is for the weak loseer last day in cali meet aatya or whatever
User 1: so rude cancel
User 2: yaaayyy sleep?
User 1: no gif delete kar diya
User 2: arghhh rude back at you mean girl
User 1: aww no
User 2: sleep now fren hehe sleep now child
User 1: i'm always sleepy chal gn do you like the discount is awesome tell fast
User 2: get
User 1: only one left in my size okay
User 2: i can't stop eating katlis :(
User 1: good eat it it's fine it's good for health
User 2: it's pure sugar
User 1: ya but kaju
User 2: fatty only pagal
User 1: lol i'm at dinner
User 2: i'm so tired today nice
User 1: whyyy
User 2: eat food don't text
User 1: what did you do ?
User 2: i m sleeppyyu happy gilmore movir
User 1: haha sleep babydoll tomorrow i'm coming
User 2: haaa i'm going out for dinner ha but or lunch but yay
User 1: when ?
User 2: you staying over
User 1: arre
User 2: i happy
User 1: i'm telling you tomorrow night i'm there
User 2: i knowwww
User 1: so don't go here and there tomorrow night where are you going for lunch dinner ?
User 2: accha i'll try lunch don't know let's see i'm sleeping now head is aching goodnighhttt
User 1: aiyoo no video call ?
User 2: what time you gonna reach manipal?
User 1: night 12ish
User 2: ohh i thought rn you were cominh i just got done with schneider test
User 1: how was it ? hello why did you go offline
User 2: hello
User 1: we could've played naaa
User 2: i was playing only
User 1: i just saw that you were online i was waiting naaa
User 2: i didn't get notificationnonly for this text hehe
User 1: lol
User 2: hiii
User 1: how was it ?
User 2: it was only aptitude zero coding and english was also there
User 1: toh good na ?
User 2: last five i randomly marked except that yeahhh
User 1: loll
User 2: ez what are youndoinggg
User 1: good good i'm waiting for my flight
User 2: where are you connecting from
User 1: bangalore hopping
User 2: there's going to be no waiting?
User 1: twenty minutes waiting i guess
User 2: accha
User 1: no flight change haan
User 2: get krispy kreme please harshit didnt get
User 1: arre how will i get
User 2: he was late for his flight so
User 1: i'm not getting off only
User 2: in calcutta airport you dont get?
User 1: no
User 2: arggg ded what all did you get for moi
User 1: calcutta airport only gangaur ka mithai i got mithai
User 2: no thanks lol
User 1: and sauf and me lol nahin chahiye ? okay my class people will have no problem lol miss you coming asapppp yayyyy 
User 2: yayyy have to go talk to the guard now beg for you to able to stay
User 1: haan talk 
User 2: let's hope it works lol
User 1: get it done jenit
User 2: so strict it has become ew haan babu
User 1: i will stay today by hook or by crook
User 2: like last time just get the car in lol
User 1: haan theek hai i got you a big bag  but i don't think it's for boys nvm i'll only use it
User 2: pagal i need a bag actually
User 1: lol
User 2: i'll get its fine you comeeeee
User 1: noooooo use this then
User 2: lets see if i think its fine only then
User 1: haan you'll do nakhra plus i don't think your books will fit in that lol ssup i'm bored
User 2: itna kitna chota bag you got? pagal hello
User 1: ste
User 2: im finishing coursera today withput fail so trying to do that rn
User 1: han do
User 2: what time is your flight at
User 1: now lol
User 2: i thiught you would have boarded already 5?
User 1: annoying people not boarding
User 2: who are you travelling with who is that girl
User 1: 5:15 landing in mangalore at 9:25
User 2: aiyo so late bapre travel safe my lady
User 1: adhya thank youyuyuuu  see you soon 11:30 i'll be back so don't sleep off harshit is back na ? cause i have sauf and all for you guys
User 2: haaaa dw i wont sleep come fast fast
User 1: yayyy flight one
User 2: yayy
User 1: landed
User 2: yayyyyy get the car directly in no other setting can be done let's hope it works
User 1: hehe landed in bangalore not in mangalore pagal
User 2: i know lol
User 1: ok ok i'll get the car in arre jenit chi
User 2: aajao dw
User 1: acha landed
User 2: run and come
User 1: i'll take more time that way dumbo did you go to the hospital
User 2: ha ate dinner and came back
User 1: acha good good live location shared
User 2: where is you
User 1: coming
User 2: reached?
User 1: yass
User 2: you're not mad na
User 1: no babuuuu drunk little ?
User 2: hellloo yes four strong beers hehe thoda tho
User 1: aww okk chill chill vidit thing sorted ?
User 2: yeah
User 1: good
User 2: we are just listening to sings on tv
User 1: nice
User 2: it hasn't been shut since you left
User 1: lol
User 2: mast tp we're doing
User 1: that's always fun
User 2: what you doing
User 1: cleaned room unpacked gave gifts saw their photos listeninf to music now sleep tine
User 2: when did sriya go
User 1: she toh went home
User 2: arre yesterday what was that snap to hen
User 1: upaasana ka tha waterfall ka near pragathi pride
User 2: helloo wake uppp there's a waterfall near me wow okay  good morningggg
User 1: haan hello hello good morning
User 2: did you just wake up
User 1: yes early i woke up alarm didn't ring i had to pee curses
User 2: loll did it hurt today?
User 1: nopeeee without the slacks
User 2: i don't know looks different
User 1: ya
User 2: i don't knowww
User 1: lol jj pehn ke dikhana padega kya ?
User 2: haa nahi toh won't be able to judge
User 1: acha arrange karte hai jneittt aaj dabeli pls
User 2: okayy
User 1: lunch miss ho gaya
User 2: knew it
User 1: wait class isn't interested over
User 2: haaa
User 1: ham jam pam ok hello jenty i got my amazon parcel delivered to your place it's three hundred and thirty bucks six o clock the guy will come
User 2: okayyy
User 1: pls collect karle ya
User 2: how you feeling now babu
User 1: bleh will go to sleep congratulations !! you and somiya got schneider electric
User 2: thanksa i saw now where are you
User 1:  what happened m
User 2: hello
User 1: hii
User 2: nothing watching tv
User 1: achaaa okay
User 2: dude interviews are tomorrow fuck lol
User 1: blazer ? when are they ?
User 2: eight hundred and forty-five haan i'll try on dresses now then decide lol
User 1: haaannn send pic 8:45 am?
User 2: off course i'll text in a while
User 1: okkkkkk i made another fingerprint work i could've walked out today lol friday night dinner ? i'll stay over ?
User 2: ha
User 1: haan
User 2: i look so good omg
User 1: send
User 2: snet
User 1: hott reply to divya hi jenitttt all the best !!!! just ppt na today i bunked all four lectures woke up with a headache and all i'll catch up with portions after lunch now sleep time tell me kaisa gaya  call me if anything important
User 2: haaaa i think interviews also they are at one going now man i can't tuck this shirt only so irritating internships are in bangalore. mom will be pissed
User 1: how's it going?? i thought you didn't want
User 2: yeah but sister is not confirming pwc so need backup na
User 1: acha haan
User 2: hello my interview will be within an hour
User 1: still waiting ?
User 2: yess
User 1: aiyooo can you talk ? baki sabka ho gaya ?
User 2: i'm in the hall i'll be first they'll be way after me
User 1: ooooooooh
User 2: divya got done
User 1: okay okay
User 2: first cce and then cse and then ece
User 1: how was hers?
User 2: and then eee
User 1: eee loll
User 2: she said they just asked basic stuff
User 1: okay good good if your gpa is good they'll ask you complicated things so all the best
User 2: they are asking everything written on the cv death 
User 1:  but you know na
User 2: what did you do full dauyu
User 1: so answer i woke up with a horrible headache dizzy and shit so i bunked but i'm studying full day today
User 2: you just woke up or something kya
User 1: no no woke up ate and all everything find done except bath
User 2: aiyo
User 1: i should've slept head still feels heavy
User 2: what did you do kabka then
User 1: but i got to catch up to class
User 2: haa karlo woh
User 1: cute boy are you nervous i slept till late only
User 2: not really
User 1: photo toh bahut cute tha aapka dikh ache rahe ho
User 2: can't even tuck this shirt in dude
User 1: why
User 2: too harf
User 2: peeche ka part looks weird
User 1: short hai kya
User 2: everyone is playing pubg here lol
User 1: theek hai koi baat nahin peeche ka nahin dikhta
User 2: it's too big
User 1: you wanna play ?
User 2: aaja
User 1:  you didn't download sanhok ? 
User 2: i downloaded you didn't update
User 1: then i did
User 2: 15mb ka update came rn restart the game
User 1: doing 
User 2: update
User 1: there's no option only anywhere to update
User 2: it comes automatically when you update
User 1: no ugh it's fine concentrate on interview
User 2: okayyy
User 1: all the best  kitna lamba interview kaisa tha babu
User 2: kabka donr i'm not getting lol after he asked do i know web dev and i said no
User 1: arre toh bataya nahin kaisa hua
User 2: he got disinterested instantlyn
User 1: suspense tha mere liye lol bataoooo
User 2: he asked one question and i answered others were asked 4-5 i'm still with somiya rishab library mai
User 1: haha it's okay you didn't want anyway na acha okay web dev karaya nahin hai na how will you know it acha how was theirs?
User 2: extra curricular lol they just went in let's see
User 1: achaaaa okk meet me before you leave ?
User 2: i'll update you 2nd round
User 1: theek hai
User 2: got selected hehe
User 1: arre wahhhhh genius boy when's the second round?
User 2: rn we're here there's just too much delay we're just sitting for no reasom dude they told divya 50-50
User 1: okk in the mood to eat something nice after its over? huh
User 2: aren't even clearing itnout
User 1: as in?
User 2: let's see it might go on for long
User 1: haan its fine did you miss lab?
User 2: yes  eval was there i think
User 1: aiyooo why they do like this? koi na somiya and all also got second round?
User 2: rishab is still waiting for his thing
User 1: ok
User 2: somiya and i are waiting for the round to begin
User 1: okk going for dinner
User 2: chale jao mere abhi tak start nahi hua
User 1: hua ? meet divya at the mess she toh came back
User 2: they told her 50-50 na so round two shell find out tomorrow i just gave the round two it was exactly like the personality tests you send me lol
User 1: realllyyy see kaam aayi intj ho jayega tumhara cheers jenit 
User 2: aiyo i faked thoda
User 1: kyunnnnn
User 2: team leadership qualities dal doua diya
User 1: achaaaa good good hai nahin tumne lekin
User 2: youre breaking to badly did you studyy
User 1: yesss today i did tomorrow ka dono subject and full lab work yippee
User 2: when are assignment three
User 1: next weeek
User 2: i'm out sad personality test ke bad bahar insult man 
User 1: arre so much so long they made u wait
User 2: yeah na eh what to do it's fine
User 1: saaad
User 2: somiya is still there
User 1: she got wowww
User 2: hr is left
User 1: acha you have second half off na niceeeeee is it over now ?
User 2: first off
User 1: for somiya
User 2: she got it
User 1: waaaahhh they finished before twelve ? so late aiyo she's been there for more than twelve hours why didn't they choose you ?
User 2: they are discussing if they reject it who knows
User 1: which round you got out ? the personality round ? who is discussing if they reject what ?
User 2: 2nd last yes nothing nothing she took it finally
User 1: haww good good
User 2: not good now i'm feeling bad
User 1: arrrreeee but you didn't want it na
User 2: but then i found out that there's an ai division
User 1: oh shit that's why they kept you till then why you didn't answer according your personality arre now you know what to do next placement
User 2: man i did. just added the team leadership thing
User 1: acha okay then it's fine don't worry next one this was in bangalore anyway that's not a cool city they've selected lots of girls dude i'll call ?
User 2: ha no it was by mistake
User 1: acha
User 2: i'm still sleeping hehe
User 1: i'll okk sleep sleep
User 2: labbb
User 1: love you cutie haan chal arre idk what i did my left wrist is hurting so much
User 2: wrong sleeping position
User 1: you came to class ?
User 2: haaa food in break
User 1: no break i have class only till 3:30
User 2: whyyyy
User 1: what plans today ?
User 2: arghhh you
User 1: good plans  tell me when you're near thirteen th i'll come
User 2: okayy hello i didn't have time to poop so pooping now hehe
User 1: look at the time you have lab goooo
User 2: i kept the books in the lab and then told sir i'm feeling pukish i didn't say from which hole
User 1: lol
User 1: good one
User 2: hello is you aware awake
User 1: i'm awake baby i just got a haircut see snap i think he cut like five inches
User 2: saw zyada ho gaya
User 1: koi nai now i can at least start gym and not worry about dirty hair lol
User 2: you like it
User 1: ya i liked it it's short and shiny na it'll grow anyway by the time sem is over it'll be back to where it was i'll fit into the dress i have to lose a little boob weight oops gym time due dikshita for
User 2: koi zarurat nahi i know for a fact that they have become smaller lolll good one
User 1: nooo i love the dress dude it's so prettyyy you only said that they look big
User 2: arre i'll tell you when i meet you
User 1: ok jenit can we go at eight after that i have to sign
User 2: lateeee
User 1: then i can't stay over acha then i'll stay over tomorrow night ?
User 2: tomorrow i'm getting treated na. i'll be drunk.
User 1: acha then monday no problem baby
User 2: today can't you leave late and then ask someone to sign in
User 1: doesn't work like that chill karrr
User 2: arre toh tell me what to do so that you stay over
User 1: monday !!  unless you have to study
User 2: aajjj
User 1: tonight what time are we going ??? aaj toh i want you're only so busy
User 2: nooo
User 1: why itna late late you're doing ?
User 2: i'm saying because we must come to pp after eleven otherwise guard will ask
User 1: acha okay we'll chill da we have capability to chill don't worry i have to leave before 8:30
User 2: okay then
User 1: i can come over then we can leave whenever you want huh ?
User 2: i'll pick you up at 8:30 thenn
User 1: haan goooood tell me when to leave babu
User 2: haa i'm just having a bath
User 1: aiyo i have to leave the hostel jenittttt
User 2: helloo haan
User 1: tayyar ?
User 2: i'm getting dressed only
User 1: jaldi ao i'm outside the block people are starting to stare lol no jk
User 2: cominnngggg
User 1: left ? jenit pls jaldi
User 2: left left pacca
User 1: got in lol they didn't ask me a thing but then they called i thought gone they were asking if hot water is coming 
User 2:  dikshittaaaaa
User 1: haaan?
User 2: you mustnt change the nameeeeeee
User 1: lolllll
User 2: ocd kicks im
User 1: it's funny
User 2: i don't know how i was allowed to leave early already done loll
User 1: that was fast af  lol
User 2: lollll when are they coming
User 1: idk i got the tickets for monte carlo 29th don't ditch you me divya
User 2: haa good yayyy from where did you get
User 1: sad stuff is happening with me jj
User 2: roommate bapre i told you that you'll grt who is it
User 1: haan nazar is a thing no i can't type it call me
User 2: i called you didn't answer now tell
User 1: wait ssup babydoll
User 2: i'm getting late for dt i'm at sais kaustubhs dad is here
User 1: acha acha okay lolll
User 2: so meeting with him
User 1: somiya ka party?
User 2: that's what i'm getting late for naa kaustubh is like don't leave
User 1: lol toh gooo
User 2: his dad is very very strict
User 1: i have to put deepalis fingerprint and i'm scared
User 2: do it or no one will do for you
User 1: did it lol
User 2: what's finally happening with the room babu
User 1: donno there's no deadline so let's see
User 2: dont try to do something fishy hehe it will backfire
User 1: shhh secret ssup henry jenny jebry jentyyyyyyy how are your sweetheart i miss you  i want to stay with you 
User 2: helloooo
User 1: hi 
User 2: who did you drink with who all we're there
User 1: upaasana tanisha sriya divya why so saada  slept ? chal i'm also smelling sleeping
User 2: saada? arre i didn't know you were gonna go with divya and all i knew their plan so and suddenly you're like i'm at big shot lol i like the selfiesss seee you just overthink
User 1: lol okk gn
User 2: don't sleeeppp
User 1: ok hello i slept today tanisha has called me home so i will go there
User 2: how was last nighhhtyt
User 1: fun only
User 2: what you doo
User 1: just turned on pubg come
User 2: warr
User 1: ok watevs
User 2: started?
User 1: no
User 2: what are youbddoinnggg what do you call a fat girl with a rape whistle?
User 1: jenit
User 2: no
User 1: then
User 2: optimistic
User 1: oh shit that's too bad
User 2: mayur is sending me all this now poop
User 1: lol
User 2: where did sally go during the bombing?
User 1: where?
User 2: everywhere
User 1: cause she was blasted 
User 2: did you go to emeralled
User 1: no loco
User 2: i was latteee should have reminded naa :k when will you go babu
User 1: new game tha
User 2: helloo did you finally go yesterday i slept so early bapte too tired woke up at 5:30 and completed nites
User 1: achaaa no i didn't go she didn't like text and tell to come also so it wouldn't be right
User 2: aiyo mad kya you should have called and asked what time and all pagal
User 1: lol
User 2: whattttt
User 1: what what ?
User 2: did you delete hehe
User 1: we got five flare guns we fired two simultaneously cool na ?
User 2: wow i thought you didn't like sanhok
User 1: yeah
User 2: cheater
User 1: that's not sanhok flare guns are there in all maps you wanna play ?
User 2: aja when will you lunch
User 1: i ate i'm pooping is it okay if i play simultaneously?
User 2: yesss comeeee
User 1: coming not playing more? loco ?
User 2: i'll play loco with my friends. you play pubg with mahiman
User 1:  sorry na
User 2: yeah no
User 1: ok
User 2: bye
User 1: why so angry sorry i said
User 2: accha
User 2: see your around
User 1: that's damn rude i'm coming over today
User 2: okay loco
User 1: yup waiting too
User 2: just wished devishi lol
User 1: she hasn't replied to me
User 2: lol
User 1: i already got out
User 2: lol
User 1: who knows so much about chet cricket da
User 1: no more?
User 2: borinngggg
User 1: but then we lost we got positive rating
User 2: but no funnn
User 1: it is you couldn't kill him only
User 2: sks was out. that's why. sad
User 1: lol next time
User 2: aww
User 1: i pooped too much i don't think my stomach handled all the chips well
User 2: you had chips for dinner
User 1: i'm going to sleep
User 2: bapre sleep
User 1: no i didn't
User 1: i had yesterday i don't feel so good
User 2: lol i might have 2-3 assignments tomorrow ripp sleep child
User 1: arre sab one day mein finish good one my stomach is hurting 
User 2: take some general medicine or just drink water and sleep
User 1: if i take medicine for chotu pain how will i give birth to children that's what mom says go study bye
User 2: haa nighttt
User 1: haan  i didn't like what you did today jenit it was very wrong. i apologized immediately. it was force of habit and you knew that. you knew it meant nothing. what i did, i did by mistake and i said sorry immediately. but what you did was out of spite and that's not nice at all. i really don't need shit from you as well. you know it's already hard why'd you make it harder.
User 2: i said it because its a very funny thing to say and like it is a famous mistake kind of thing
User 1: ok
User 2: because of friends
User 1:  auto aiyo that's not what people will think jj
User 2: that's why i told four people only chill
User 1:  okk studying ? okay bye bye gn
User 2: haa chalo gn
User 1:  guess who is bunking first class cause of headache and cause i got up late lol
User 2: aww why so late babu when do you have assignment
User 1: i'm not well since yesterday donno they don't announce but the class i'm missing that sir announces
User 2: flamingle hehe i like it yesterday toh you were fine na same i was expecting three assignments only one happened two tomorrow nothing important happened in the first class na
User 1: that class is always important but i wasn't well so it's fine no na started last night
User 2: arre i told you just take medicine
User 1: i don't take medicine
User 2: keep ayurvedic medicines with you for stomach ache
User 1: okk
User 2: back in the blockkk?
User 1: ya opening parcel
User 2: sab karlo then text fornpubg hehe
User 1: ham sequence came
User 2: i've never played sequenncceee
User 1: dad made a new shirt i'll wear on thursday
User 2: snapchattt
User 1: you will love it but not today saturday night i'll stay over we can do game night
User 2: saturday night will be hard because after dinner we'll come back
User 1: okay
User 2: and it will be 10ish
User 1: some other time thennn
User 2: so we'll have to check if the back gate is open for you to sneak in
User 1: you tell me when i can stay that day okkk i'll get the fingerprint done just in case
User 2: saturday we'll try na
User 1: haan
User 2: pubg aao naaaa aja
User 1: locoooo
User 2: yas
User 1: out airway already
User 2: jungfraujoch bro
User 1: idk what this is wtf
User 2: swisssss
User 1: acha
User 2: i've been there is the only reason i knew lol
User 1: okk
User 2: done with gymmmm?
User 1: done that's just sad i want to play !!!
User 2: how was ittt what did you do today
User 1: good it was cardio normal two hundred and fifty cal abs excercise for half an hour then arms for fifteen minutes then yoga for love handles fifty cal treadmill one hundred cycle one hundred wave i'm toooooo hungry i ate two chappatis
User 2: eha wah gooodddd love handless dude i like
User 1: you don't want me to remove them ? do you want to see my dance video ? see it !!
User 2: kuch bhi chalega
User 1: loll i must remove lol see my dance tell me which one i am hahaha
User 2: puri family dances bapre left most lol
User 1: haha yessss
User 2: i didn't know yashna also danced lol
User 1: the one in the orange is yashuuuu everyone dances dude everyone even the boys tell which one viduhsis ? acha it's obvious you know the saree wali bhabhi got divorced she was damn sweet dude i really liked her
User 2: why did she
User 1: my bro was mean to her she wasn't very smart he kept telling her that she needed finishing school and all and when they used to go to party she used to do hookah so instead of taking care of her he used to take videos of her passing out and all send me the monte carlo menu you're still studding ? studying ? late hua babu
User 2: hrllo no i studied till one thousand, two hundred and thirty good mornjnnhhh
User 1: okk dabeli ? going to dominoes for poorvis placement treat
User 2: okayy hello what you doo
User 1: gymmmm
User 2: going nowm ?
User 1: yaaas
User 2: wah proud body dard ke bad bhi noice gainzzz
User 1: gainsssss
User 2: done?
User 1: eight but poorvis waiting in my room no assignments have happened till now for us everything is tomorrow all four
User 2: why
User 1: death
User 2: man
User 1: group study how was yours
User 2: they are just post poning our assignments
User 1: how many happened lol
User 2: everyday we think we'll have one
User 1: ya same
User 2: didn't happen one two should have happened yesterday and today
User 1: lol idk how many everyone is just saying later later i've not finished portion
User 2: i have too much to do today i'm so sad such a stress full week
User 1: saturday dinner hai no ditching
User 2: arreee how many times will you tell me da i knowwww i wonnnttttt
User 1: yaaa i'm damn excited dude yummmyuuu
User 2: i'm toh having the non veg one  dikshitaaaaa must eat non veg
User 1: you must leave non veg
User 2: you want me to?
User 1: eh you keep telling me to eat i'll start telling you to leave lol no sweetie eat what you want
User 2: pusssyyy
User 1: hahahha it's sweaty salty lagega lol
User 2: chii don't  disgusting girl but good blood sweat gain dikshitaaa
User 1: hi babes i just got 30 free
User 2: matlab
User 1: i have breathing time of half an hour so hectic
User 2: what did you do
User 1: class till 12:30 then poorvis treat then three to 4:30 extra class then poorvi came to my room to study mcbsd then i went to the gym she was still here so we studied more then i bought chips cause my day was damn hectic and i was hungry now i have to shower write lab
User 2: no chips with gymm
User 1: study one subject before i sleep but i was hungry and pms
User 2: eat healthy
User 1: oooooo
User 2: you were studying since after gym abhi tak kya
User 1: haan kind of went out to drop poorvi and get notes photocopies
User 2: you don't have notes wowww
User 1: i missed na after that i got a little lost
User 2: accha haan correct fair enough now what scenes babu
User 1: now bathhhh
User 2: oh send pixx hehe
User 1: of what
User 2: youuuu
User 1: but i'm so tired
User 2: awww go to sleep
User 2: even i'm doing that early night today
User 1: i hv workkkkk vv early
User 2: what time you planning to sleep at
User 1: 12ishh
User 2: acxha okay don't sleep till too late full day tomorrow chalo gn
User 1: han aapka plan hai mujhe call karneca
User 2: kabhi
User 1: abhi dude the thunder woke me i scared
User 2: aww don't be scareddd even i was lol i went for the view but had to come back in 
User 1: i alreadt have to wake up also aiyo
User 2: full dayyy good morning 8am class na?
User 1: 8:30 lab
User 2: breakfast bunk kiya na
User 1: haan
User 2: kab sudhro ge chote bache
User 1: lollll neverrrrrr
User 2: i thought my class was at two it's at one ripp
User 1: loll
User 2: how was your assignment dude both my assisgnments could have gone well i'll get like three three
User 1: i had two today first one was bomb second one is like four maybeee
User 2: what scene now
User 1: i have to go to gym at seven so i will study for tomorrow and hope to pass cause idk shittt but after today i have four subjects up to date two more to go and cs is just before paper anyway i feel eee is called tough just cause of this semester there are subjects that are comparatively simple but no subject at all that you can take lightly
User 2: you toh are always up to date only aiyo i'm up to date in two subjects out of five lol
User 1: jenit i'm feeling so tired i can't gym today i have to study for tomorrow also
User 2: come home and sleep with me
User 1: i want toooo
User 2: hostel mai hi soja bacha
User 1: haaan kyun itna gussa dp de rahi thi na ?
User 2: tp cutie sleep and let sleeppp 
User 1: noooooo stressssssssful
User 2: ghar ajate acche se
User 1: hoga nahin bhai
User 2: studying now?
User 1: poop sleep eat studyv
User 2: one hour mai what will you sleep you need three hours min
User 1: i'll take a later dinner like nine
User 2: padhe? loco cartoon
User 1: lol slept well
User 2: kitna you soye
User 1: little
User 2: i'm so sleepy 
User 1: headache same
User 2: what are you doing
User 1: hiii whatsup
User 2: loco what you do
User 1: divya's room
User 2: accha. okay you chill. how's the headache
User 1: goneeee
User 2: wow that was fast
User 1: food headache
User 2: nice abhi padhooo otherwise you don't wake up
User 1: haaan study you got end sem tt? awake?
User 2: thank you i'm nowww hello gm i'm bunking first class hehe
User 1: lol
User 2: gm
User 1: good morning 
User 2:  going for class?
User 1: yes assignment
User 2: all the best
User 1: four assignment for me today
User 2: wtf
User 1: by what time will your lab finish ? five only ? i have class at 5:15  jenit it's getting too stressful today i actually felt like crying if it finished at like 4'30 give me a call abhi i'm going to go to sleep three assignment 4th also he would've taken
User 2: wtf assignment?
User 1: but one pm class people came no orientation for pe today one hour we complained to hod ma'am about cs
User 2: mustng go kya huaaa
User 1: because she sucks must go na !? acha whatever the case call me after 4'30 call after lab haan baby love you sweetie
User 2: reached?
User 1: yeah please check program electives have to select in a week or so minor is embedded system pls suggest something i'm veryyyyyyy confused
User 2: dude i'm not understanding what all you can do can you do only pes in this?
User 1: yes wait i'm asking question help me select in pe one and six going to hashtag today you wanna come for a while ? no gym loll
User 2: with? i'm sleeping now then lab email eval motu
User 1: loll divss sriya upach tan kyun itna haldi jj i miss u so much i ly sweetie so much
User 2: hello i slept early so i could wake up now how was last nighttt how many shots did you take i love you too baby
User 1:  why do i look chubby all the time i'm not even that fat oh you have labbbb
User 2: i'm not downloading the pics  come home and show or at night 
User 1: lol ok
User 2: your legs look so thinnnn
User 1: haha gaa my legs were always hot
User 2: this is nice one tru your pictures with tanisha are nice baki sub mai goluu
User 1: hahahah
User 2: aaj ka kya plann except dinner
User 1: gym today why i'm looking chubby i don't like it
User 2: lolll only in pictures but don't smoke itna
User 1: arre that's even worse i didn't smoke na
User 2: smile because then check will go more up and then become a bubble
User 1: hahahah
User 2: divya said you were drunk calling kshitij you didn't call me
User 1: hahahahahahahhahahahah i called you you slept stupid boy sleep so early and then simply have fomo
User 2: you called after going to the block divya was like you some to kshitij for one hour
User 1: huh when daaaaaa jenit i texted you called you so much
User 2: you trll me
User 1: it didn't get delivered divya said to call kt dude
User 2: why
User 1: why what ?
User 2: .
User 1: because he was mean to her before and she wanted to scold him my net isn't working da you see first how much i called you
User 2: once
User 1: aiyo i knew you'd slept why i'll call
User 2: i just have a problem when my girlfriend is drink texting or calling other guys
User 1: what happened babuu
User 2: especially ghats
User 1: arre
User 2: yeah i said that
User 1: i did with divya we were just having fun naa
User 2: okay
User 1: all four of us were there we were gossiping and all and we sent voice notes to everyone i think we were very very drunk dude so divya said kt ko call kar
User 2: i know. that's the problem of you calling such people at such a time yeah after that i'm sure it way you who just kept talking
User 1: i don't even remember what i talked first of all i don't remember anything much i told you to come
User 2: you knew i had lab eval today
User 1: i did what do you want i don't even remember calling
User 2: i have told you a million times that i have a problem with your friends. why i'm getting mad is because you call such people and don't even remember especially when you're drunk
User 1: what do you want man you don't want me to talk to anyone is it i had a great time last night i really needed to de-stress
User 2: i'm talking about the calling part babu.
User 1: jenit you're making me very sad
User 2: drinking with the group why will i have a problem
User 1: i'm telling na we called everyone not just one
User 2: i've made my peace with the people you talk to
User 2: you said you voicenoted everyone
User 1: yes that toooooo why are you scolding me
User 2: i'm not scolding you wait a minute haan so i'm no scolding you
User 1: you are
User 2: it's just that my jealous side comes out once in a while and over protective ine so it's out now and i feel jealous that you spoke to your class people
User 1: i just want to go to disneyland and stay there forever and i will not come back ever and then you will miss me a lot so stop scolding me
User 2: this is the 10-11 the me why do you think i smoke up it's an actual question answer it
User 1: time ? to take the edge off and cause you have no respect for your neurons
User 2: 10-11th standard hehe fu yeah
User 1: toh kya hua
User 2: so that i don't go back to the shitty me
User 1: kya connection hai you're being very selfish then
User 2: ive decreased smoking me so i get in shittier mood
User 1: don't give me stupid excuses
User 2: that's why i get over protective i'm sorru
User 1: i don't mind you being overprotective
User 2: i mind being
User 1: you know i was stressed yesterday you know i went out partying these guys did stupid shit i did stupid shit with them how much upach bitched about nethraa you know i was excited about hashtag i told you what a great time i had last night why did you ruin it for me
User 2: i didn't ruin it didn't want to
User 1:  it's okay babu relax
User 2: i just get mad sometimes no
User 1: arre toh think about me naaaaaaa
User 2: now i really know you had a lot of fun thinking about you only i get mad
User 2: and i want to know about your fun
User 1: it's getting very stressful jenit plssssas don't add to it naaaa
User 2: yes babu i will not give you more bt i promise
User 1: just be normal twice you did this in one week i called you you sleptttt
User 2: won't happen again i know overprotective mode gone
User 1: okayyy
User 2: happy mode on
User 1: are you excited for dinner
User 2: i love you okay
User 1: haaan keep happy mode on i love you too
User 2: i'm sorry baby
User 1: if you have any real problem then tell
User 2: exactly
User 1: don't give me stupid excuses i'll slap you
User 2: i always have no problems you're only right all the time no sarcasm
User 1: haaan it's fine you are not going to smoke up anymore ever full stop
User 2: noo whyyy
User 1: i don't care what anyone thinks about me saying this but you will not
User 2: whyyy
User 1: i don't like it bad bas
User 2: i have decreased a lot anyway
User 1: and what rubbish thoughts you're having
User 2: apnr aap it will happen what
User 1: that smoking up is stopping you from being some bad guy
User 2: old me
User 1: matlab i toh don't even know who you are then
User 2: nooo it's not like that i just become very over protective and all i have already told you this myself before and rujuta and mayur also said the same
User 1: haan it's fine i'm going for lunch i'll get ready and come over we can talk then
User 2: second half?
User 1: bunk i'll only go at four for gym
User 2: whyy
User 1: get ready and then dinner hungry baby i'll talk in a while
User 2: i'm sorry okay ready?
User 1: nooo i just ate and came
User 2: have a bath here
User 1: we're going mad
User 2: what do you mean
User 1: hahahah we saw videos from yesterday
User 2: come fast and show
User 1: hahaha coming wait
User 2: left?
User 1: noooooo i can't move waitttt i'll come by two
User 2: noooo you have to leave at four for gym so come asap 
User 1: haaan peeps in my room now so wait toh karna padega
User 2: aiyo still gossiping?
User 1: ham you won't believe it dude it's too lit we've been laughing since 10am
User 2:  still waiting
User 1: i'll show harshit also
User 2: maza ayegaaa locoo
User 1: i pooped now my stomach is emptyyy
User 2: i shall start that now lacto i forgot i put it now
User 1: you please get ready fasr i'm almost ready you have to be ready before me don't tell divya about the boobs thing in the video you're not supposed to know that and also i told her we did gym at pp
User 2: hello
User 1: hi sup whatcha upto
User 2: what happened
User 1: idk
User 2: why couldnt you what's app
User 1: i couldn't find your chart chat
User 2: too famous
User 1: i think i deleted it by mistake or something
User 2: no history?
User 1: no history
User 2: why so many selfies
User 1: fun see them!!!
User 2: i got scared
User 1: hahaha https:www.idrlabs.comdark-core-personalitytest.php do it
User 2: kall it's too bif
User 1: aiyo okk tomorrow when should i come ?
User 2: when do your classes get over
User 1: i no attend i need a break
User 2: don't bunk day
User 1: noooooo
User 2: lights are off
User 1: i can't i need sleep and stress free life
User 2: today you bunked four babu
User 1: no attendance daaa
User 2: it's fine you're going
User 1: no i have to relax
User 2: what time is it at
User 1: i need to be prepared for tough week don't force me i'll cry
User 2: don't cry
User 1: little bit stress more i'll cry i swear
User 2: aww okay okay come evening nai
User 1: already i felt like crying thrice this week
User 2: anytime
User 1: haan okk sequence
User 2: i'm showing sweet heart sleeping
User 1: acha sleep gn send photos from yesterday
User 2: i though divya forwarded it
User 1: nice pics
User 2: dikshitaaa such a nice jog but i'm tired now but funn i'll die
User 1: haha sleep fast what a cutie pie
User 2: you must joggg
User 1: i must cuddle with you
User 2: todayyy haan i'll see where are yoju
User 1: leaving the block
User 2: have funnn sponges ordered woohoo
User 1: what sponge ? hehe bad good food
User 2: makeup ka
User 1: arre wahhh show meeeeeeee
User 2: nooo must waiy
User 2: jap ese condom chalega na
User 1: nahin idk what it is dude what if they're selling you fake shit pls buy legit stuff from the medical store only
User 2: somiyas friend used it and she's like it's too god that's why : you saw vidits story na 
User 1: no wait you're drunk? 
User 2: no man. these people are smoking up. i'm playing songs
User 2: we e
User 1: whatcha doingggggg
User 2: we texted kindak
User 1: kindak?
User 2: kendal jenner and kylie jenner . fucking keyboard
User 1: hahahah niceeee what did you text them ? you think they'll reply ? chal you chill
User 2: same obviously not dikshita chal i'm sleeping let me know which events you attend good night
User 1: no don't sleep why so early what ? see this first
User 2: the same as the story it's 1:40 motu what you do
User 1: i miss you i want to cuddle
User 2: i was going to say that only
User 1: jinx lol
User 2: no clothes in the room from today
User 1: dhat pagal 
User 2: my room my rules don't come then
User 1: fuck you i don't like it you don't get it or what so irritating
User 2: aiyo okay man chill dikshita we haven't been the same recently let's talk it out today love you 
User 1: okk love you too ssup i'm bored
User 2: last and first kectute were cancelled woohoo i'm out we're deciding what to do give some optiona
User 1: laser tag
User 2: we're going home only lol what plans for the fay
User 1: class lab sleep or class sleep lab sleep gym
User 2: don't sleep teice da pp?
User 1: yes second sleep at pp only i am going to crash what sleep i need three days continuous sleep to feel better these power naps are toh vv imp
User 2: tech tatvaaaa
User 1: shit
User 2: you said day before you don't like power naps 
User 1: tomorrow toh full day start to finish i need
User 2: must give massage tofay
User 1: i don't at all
User 2: it will be a hectic wrek
User 1: but now toh i need you want massage ?
User 2: i will give you pagal
User 1: i want neend ka goli so that i wake up dirext on wednesday morning help me i'm dying
User 2: what happened girl
User 1: i'm tired and i have to do lab it's not fair
User 2: bunk one day. it's fine. you'll get a anyway
User 1: noooooo i'm a good girl i can't make up this week na everyday second half is cancelled and the sir saw me in class today cause i was being angry at everyone everyone was simply irritating me today
User 2: wake uppp
User 1: haan awake shit
User 2: jaldiii
User 1: how's hashtag ???
User 2: we left already lol but really nice place
User 1: whyyyyy
User 2: agrim and nethraa were there like two weirdos lol we are country inn
User 1: just them ? lol nice nice hashtag is nice no too many people ?
User 2: yeah man but really like jt 5th
User 1: done done how it go
User 2: chill night nothing too great drinking green tea now lol will watch more world war moviessss too good dude
User 1: lolll tv boy
User 2: blood donationnn
User 1: jenitttt give your amazon prime video id na my ac stopped working so annoying locoooo
User 2: man sahoo fuckednup again have to go to kmc i'm so irritated
User 1: wtf why ? what happened this time ?
User 2: she slipped in the room prolly opened her eound
User 1: shitt
User 2: i'm so tired man 
User 1: aiyooo sleep off you're at the hospital?
User 2: ha i'll leave in fifteen mins
User 1: okayyy
User 2: kaisr
User 1: arre woh iron karke already mark ho gaya tha thoda pull hua toh phat gaya
User 2: pull hua ya fat bad gaya 54.5
User 1: scratch kar rahi thi what's this ?
User 2: dikshita it wasnt even bleeding it happened at 1pm and she is dragging us now fucking hell
User 1: lol she needs attention
User 2: you forgot your necklace here
User 1: aiyoo okay give tomorrow tomorrow break mein i'll go get my eyebrows done
User 2: ready for tech tatva a woohooo
User 1: i'm so excited we shortlisted events today
User 2: greatt chal i'm sleepy goodnight babu
User 1: noooooo don't sleep my ac isn't working
User 2: fan loll
User 1: i'm special guest in divya's room
User 2: aaj idhar bhi itna garmi tha sriya?
User 1: i'm on the floor beggar style
User 2: mattress?
User 1: no mattress
User 2: aiyo wow truly chal babu i have eight am  fucking priyanka
User 1: if it's going to take time for the ac to get fixed then i'll have to stay at pp for a while aaj ke liye jugaad
User 2: chill hai
User 1: haaaaaaan sleeeppp
User 2: aa jao gn
User 1: haan gnnn bunked or attended?
User 2: hello started? what did you do for lunch
User 1: nothing
User 2: event??
User 1: wrote make your own campus now doing electropoly
User 2: all the. est i'm doing the coding
User 1: good registered ?
User 2: it's from home only
User 1: going with who ? loll okk
User 2: you don't need to register lol
User 1: why you didn't come here
User 2: where
User 1: nlh
User 2: aiyo you didnt tell me yoru plans after eyebrows i thought directly you had to go plus my last lecture got canned so i got a haircut hehe they way you wanted me to get
User 1: haan send pic
User 2: kya kar rahe hooo everything done?
User 1: no one more to go
User 2: kitna late
User 1: kafee
User 2: what you doing now
User 1: waiting
User 2: kya khsya i want cupcake
User 1: come to the campus !!!! we'll have fun!!
User 2: not today kall i'll come for lunch
User 1: okk cupcake was sooo good jenit the last paper was the worst i've written ever
User 2: it's okay it doesn't count saturday you want to go to the party? priyanks 1 is there
User 1: ok where is it ?
User 2: blue water sp 
User 1: noooooo that's bb is basketball court b is badminton
User 2: the blue cap da
User 1: student plaza
User 2: oh fuck i thought sutta point loll
User 2: its looks ordered tho so shouldnt be a problem
User 1: as in?
User 2: accha lag raha hai
User 1: hehe thanks
User 2: what about the other one
User 1: electropoly we would've come second or third this is the circuit if i make it within a minute we win then third event is very doubtful it was ten pictures and we had to identify them i got eight correct which is i think average but then after that there was this thing in which we had to throw the ball into the hoop and that divya and i were miserable at
User 2: sports 
User 1:  why they added that here i don't understand
User 2: ex matlab new thingsssss
User 1: sports arre toh revels hai uske liye
User 2: i mean yeah it is tech tatva is okayy had funnnn? except cupcakes what did you eat
User 1: locooooooooo
User 2: wtf how did the nail come out aiyo how badly is it hurting
User 1: it's not hurting
User 2: .
User 1: haan i said i'll not do hehe
User 2: kitna darto ho baore
User 1: lol wait i'll send the convo i was strong and i didn't give way i've become one rasgulla do you want me to call divya for hashtag or is it a date ?
User 2: truly bulao twenty-four shots again loll
User 1: we qualified for that hoop one lolll
User 2: what is this but good so do y'all know today's time table
User 1: yessss
User 2: tell mom is being so cringey
User 1: hahahahahahha dikshu lolll how cute dude sharma rahe ho jenit ??? awwww yes of course we know
User 2: haaa hehe which ones today
User 1: fire and ice fire escape electropoly final round miq aib atr bas aaj itna hi hai comeeeee it'll be funnnn
User 2: arre first i have to get the booze then udupi then the coding challenges day is busyyyy fire and ice is only got questions
User 1: ohhhhhokayyy are you excited for hbd?
User 2: no mam i don't like it that's why i'm keeping a small thing
User 1:  what's tonight ?
User 2: just guys chilling thoda thoda karke now there are fourteen people shish
User 1: loll
User 2: what you participating in now
User 1: i missed an event i'm damn sad i'll come after tt we'll chill
User 2: not tofayhuh i need to study before party
User 1: okayyy study study
User 2: tech tatva codinggg
User 1: i'll come tomorrow thennn 
User 2: the more you zoom in the wilder it gets
User 1: correct oooohhh ferrero rocher yummmsss
User 2: dudeeeee which event did you win tellll arghhhhh congratsss are you still busyyy
User 1: hiiiiii electropoly we win won
User 2: aree wah
User 1: day at the museum i have a good chance that's a single event we thought we would miss it but cause of rain it got postponed and we caught it
User 2: lol so everything you did?
User 1: nooo
User 2: only one round?
User 1: we missed fire escape
User 2: aww
User 1: we really didn't want to miss that that was damnnnn saddd
User 2: no more events today?
User 1: two rounds no more events
User 2: fire and ice kaisa tha
User 1: acha tha let's see uska second round mein circuit debug karna hai toh abhi i'll explain how to divya how to connect circuit on the breadboard
User 2: y'all are practicing or still competing?
User 1: abhi at mcdonald's eating dinner
User 2: haaa harshitbhas gone mad
User 1: what happened??
User 2: made me buy one hundred and twenty ciga we started drinking pray for me
User 1: lollllll why 
User 2: im scared
User 1: relax baby
User 2: and teens are getting over 
User 1: it's your bday it's okay 20s are starting!!! woohoo!!!
User 2: i don't want to grow old 
User 1: but maturity ! ya same twenty sucks i hate it
User 2: youre a dadi
User 1:  truly
User 2: kya kar rahe hooooo
User 1: see the circuit
User 2: golu polu
User 1: today i thought i was looking less golu polu
User 2: par insult to karna padega naaaa hehe i'm tipsyyy
User 1: hehe enjoy baby love you try to stay awake at twelve for hbd hello are you dead ?
User 2: not yet i'm sticking in it's hard can i smoke up today
User 1: aiyooo
User 2: naveed gave me that as a gift lol
User 1: do what you want babuuu bday naaaaaaaaa
User 2: birthday aata jata hai gf hai i'm winning so much in poker
User 1: loll it's okay baby bdayyy woohooo don't miss loco
User 2: streaming that only haha
User 1: kya hua ? got it ? wtf is nnao3 wtf
User 2: wtf not pssivle
User 1: check google wiki mein hai sick people
User 2: you mean nano3 chi
User 1: no it was there in loco i played till question this one
User 2: what is it
User 1: the question was what is the chemical symbol for sodium nitrate this was the answer nnao3
User 2: sodium notate is nanoe three
User 1: ya but the correct answer was nnao3
User 2: that's not possoblr positive ion first i'm so drunk i don't think i can make it till twelve
User 1: hahahha
User 2:  text
User 2: talk to me
User 1: you're toooooooo crossfaded kal class bunk hoga  i wish i had screenvideoshot system
User 2: fu noooo nooo 8am
User 1: haha jenit too efficient on bday day heeeeeellllloooooooo don't sleep
User 2: i want to cry i can't sleep on my teens ending
User 1: hehe take a cold shower neend awake try to do some dance then you'll feel better awake???
User 2: i vomitted two times already
User 1: aiyooo  missed video call why you no answer?? drunk boi let me wish you in advance otherwise the bday boy will sleep happpyyyyyyyy two youuuuu 
User 2: thank you babu
User 1:  i can't sleep i'm too excited for your bday happpyyyyyyyy birthday !!!!!  awake ???
User 2: hello i'm so fucked
User 1: no baby sayyy yayyyy happy birthday !!!
User 2: . why you so excited i don't know
User 1: yayyyy i'm making a hydraulic bridge today come for events na you will have funnnn then your bday will be bombbbb
User 2: aiyo nice nice no events must take rest
User 1: lolll
User 2: you come asap after your events are fine
User 1: are we on for hashtag tonight?
User 2: done yes
User 1: thanks babu you're cutest divya is asking if you're treating lol
User 2: y ss
User 1: peaceeeeeee  omg are you excited i'm so excited woop woop
User 2: i'm not drinking fyi 
User 1: we're also not drinking max one drink
User 2: thank god
User 1: yaa bill nahin high aayega dw
User 2: two drink girls i can't handle aiyo dw i have money
User 1: okay then two drinks each
User 2: dude out of four bottles we didn't even complete two damn sad
User 1: huh no it's good only good boys have less capacity
User 2: jitna chaiye utna chalega baby
User 1: does lgbtq include pink ? 
User 2: pussies pride day?
User 1: yeah
User 2: yellow wear
User 1: arre no i checked transgender ke flag mein pink hai
User 2: chalega phir
User 1: lesbian gay bisexual fake hai trans is whatever
User 2: aise hi to desh aage badta hai
User 1: okay did you attend ? jenittttt 
User 2: passed out?
User 1: no babu i'm so tired though did you like your hbd day
User 2: haaaaa same
User 2: even i'm going to sleep only after water
User 1: ya
User 2: must water
User 1: tiring you liked the t-shirt and all no ?
User 2: offcourseeee
User 1: use it then i'll be satisfied lol
User 2: take the tech tatva t-shirt for tomorrow atleast
User 1: lol i'll buy it i'll go little early and pick it up if i have event then i'll go early else simply why to take chaap
User 2: aiyo i don't know i'll use it dw
User 2: love the bag
User 1: that shirt is my jenit house chill shirt i'll leave a pair of boxer shorts also at your place i'm toh all set to nap with comfy bf i only made up the story i have strong imagination next time i'll tell you a different story but it's a secret that i tell you stories don't tell everyone
User 2: why
User 1: everyone will tell do for me do for me i'll do but then i'll get bored then i'll not do 
User 2: no one will ask you lolll but yeah it was a comforting story i felt nicen
User 1: okay new story next time
User 2: waitingggg chalo gn 
User 1: good night sweetie i love you sleep well tomorrow is fun day again we didn't qualify for make your own campus  what to do tomorrow then
User 2: how many events then harshit shaveddddd
User 1: three i won
User 2: ni but aren't you gonna participate in any today
User 1: yes in one my stomach is hurting happpyyyyyyyy birthday sweetieeeee
User 2: baki toh hai
User 1: ?
User 2: birthday hehe
User 1: yes i pooped i feel better now event wish me all the best
User 2: two before the first meal noice
User 1: i popped twice since nothing morning
User 2: kaunsa event
User 1: yaa
User 2: .
User 1: aquaventure you wanna come for it? it's damn cool backyard science come come win some money it's a three people event
User 2: na what is tho
User 1: okk backyard science so they'll ask us to do stuff
User 2: likeee
User 1: like blow the balloon using vinegar and baking soda
User 2: ohh interestinfn go have lunch first
User 1:  congratulations now you're twenty
User 2: did you finish the event
User 1: no
User 2: aiyo what's up now
User 1: making a filter
User 2: okayyyy
User 1: period started congo sweetie don't announce this pls kya scene ?
User 2: were just getting back
User 1: okay drunk or normal ?
User 2: too drunk
User 1:  chill chill
User 2: h lllooo too hungover
User 1: hii are you awake ? how's arav dude wtf kaise kiya  kiska phone gaya?
User 2: he can't believe it now harshit
User 2: i'm so happy it's not mine
User 2: did you start digging for sessionals
User 1: me too dude yes
User 2: results aya?
User 1: i pooping
User 2: sameeee
User 1: not yet period started i'm teaching today full day ho jaega
User 2: wah library?
User 1: we no reaction not happy to have avoided pregers gf ? omg typing that gave me the chills no mandavi
User 2: aiyo don't say all this accha how many subjects
User 1: teaching 2-3 so full revision karke i have to go wahan again revision hoga i'll be done with three subjects by the end of today so peaceful
User 2: bapre you scare me i should be done by two i'm hungover rn
User 1: wow nice 
User 2: i'll wait for pizza
User 1: oooohhh pizzaaaa
User 2: then resume studying
User 1: nice nice shit dude my card is blocked  going to eat manna roll just realised one subject down two to go life is too peaceful
User 2: how . wah eee too fake
User 1:  aisa nahin ki gf is too scary smart  i picked the easy subjects to start with shower time byaaaeee
User 2: aww go fast fast
User 1:  locoooo
User 2: i have a lifeeee
User 1: i lost
User 2: i got two wrong in a row sad you did one thousand, nine hundred and forty-seven na
User 1: no i did chital deer i didn't have life
User 2: oh you lost there only  noob lol https:youtu.beve9rkwgm8nm speedloco
User 1: teaching
User 2: missed it kitna karaya
User 1: kaafii are you free now ? is it chill if i come for an hour or so ?
User 2: hello i'm studying baby now directly after sessionals only sorry bahut padliye where are you now
User 1: blocckkkk
User 2: we have to clean the house also now chur cleaner
User 1: change your cleaner naa
User 2: need to we're firing next time he comes
User 1: okk
User 2: he knows about the pot that's an issue
User 1: ok 
User 2: eh it's supposed to be for first years
User 1: okk
User 2: chalega na?
User 1: kya i don't know if i want to gooo
User 2: huh do you want to?
User 1: i don't know
User 2: chod na
User 1: ok idm
User 2: we're too old
User 1: lol no but ok
User 2: aiyo you want to go toh say craveeeee you went good one when i went there last time with rishab and somiua they had nothing except some caramel shit what's your shoe size
User 1: i won't tell you why ? cute
User 2: tell size
User 1: lol 37.5 this will be big i think
User 2: it's. forty chalega
User 1: loll nooo it'll be veryyyy big
User 2: it'll go waste
User 1: aiyo divya ko fit aega
User 2: dedo
User 1: divya ka bhi forty-two hai
User 2: rip fuse with divya dinner at mess?
User 1:  no dinner jenit divya is forty
User 2: one slap you'll get
User 1: she has the same shoe and that has got spoilt now so you can give her
User 2: noice ballerinassss
User 1: yass whose are those ?
User 2: vidit got for a chick last year so that it turn out well
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: i don't like it get it changed na !
User 2: la liya abhi blue blue matches
User 1: missed video call aww it's okay jenny how much will you study now do tp
User 2: eight see im doing tp i ate dinner
User 1: ohkkk
User 2: watching the 70s show now
User 2: so good dude you must
User 1: study too much tp you did missed video call lost ?
User 2: no wait
User 1: i didn't know adhai din ka jhopda ok won ?
User 2: no man
User 1: no loll where ?
User 2: mad just
User 1: last question? i knew the answrr for that
User 2: no no 7th
User 1: ohh okk
User 2: i just the entire thing i thought poison lol goodnighttty
User 1: gnnn i miss you jenit  you didn't sleep yet?
User 2: couldn't
User 1: aww
User 2: hello my just lying here lolll nooo i look ugly
User 1: but let me say good night !!! huh ? i've already seen everything jenit pls i just wanted to say good night
User 2: goodnightttt i love you
User 1: i thought you forgot
User 2: sorry babu
User 1: good night i love you too 
User 2: don't cry babu
User 1: i cry
User 2: cutie pie no cryyyyy
User 1: i'm feeling crying 
User 2: pain nahi hai par emotions agayr
User 1: lol no idk what i'm feeling blahhh good night 
User 2: motu goodmighttt
User 1: good night mighty night motu i love you jenit  five every five ever
User 2: lol i'm thinner than you
User 1: don't laugh at me okay skinny boy we know that hello good morning wake up
User 2: i'll bunking too much to study
User 1: okk full bunking?
User 2: i think i'll attend the one thousand and thirty pressure lecture four bunks i have already fuck it not going lolll you attending all?
User 1: okk ya all
User 2: bapre accha you toh have full day also sad
User 1: yaaa i'm sleepy
User 2: but you are too prepared
User 1: there's a lot of portion i finished two yesterday
User 2: same dude i'm fucked
User 1: i still have four to go do do slow and steady wins the race
User 2: but i don't like.tonstudy so much theory 
User 1: loll what to do you should've taken eee then no theory only numbers also
User 2: man fucking numbers i miss thay dude i don't have any numbers as such this semester 
User 2: last lecture got canned anyway and got one proxy and getting notes from one lecture so basically just missed one lecture 
User 1: aiyoo
User 2: pubg sorry supp
User 1: are you freeeeeee to chill for half an hour?
User 2: want to sleep?
User 1: ugh leave it i'm toootored yaaaa sleep only you're sleeping ? jenittt reply bababaaaaa put ac and keep haan you left na ?
User 2: got git aiyo devishi and jappe are here too
User 1: loll
User 2: i'm early for the first time can you believe it
User 1: no i can't
User 2: i want to study 
User 1: listen to my master plan pranu was saying to go to some place just two of us to chill she suggested bekal i said bekal and then i'll show you manipal and the plan is fixed on 1st to 4th january woohooo pranu is coming to manipal
User 2: wow
User 1: you better be here when she is jenit
User 2: let's see
User 1: arre what let's see classes start on 3rd
User 2: tell me the dates i'll have to book tickets so
User 1: 1st to 4th you book for 2nd
User 2: okayyy gonto coorg bekal is bleh ohhh
User 1: no chi i don't like coorg
User 2: you can live at tak
User 1: ya we'll be at taj only
User 2: i'm backk eh i think we made rishab happy pretty chill
User 1: good job i think they're being unreasonable dude
User 2: eh you can't judge they spoke properly and discussed it so can't intervene
User 1: arre i'm telling you na that's why it's not like i'll go tell rishabh not fair dude they'll miss each other you'll see they'll go back
User 2: it won't happen this time mostly
User 1: hoga
User 2: ill make him hook up with someone before
User 1: one drunk scene is all it takes sweetie don't do thattttt
User 2: let's hope he's up for it and doesn't wuss out
User 1: give them a chance naaaa
User 2: kabhi kabhi thoda short term sochna padta hai
User 1: itna easily give up mat kar thoda push karen it'll be fine unless she's not interested anymore and that's why she's not spending time it's silly to break it off dude
User 2: last time i made him text her and they sorted not again
User 1: arre but it's such a stupid thing time nahin hai doesn't mean love nahin hai naaa you don't tell him to text her but don't tell him to get away either let him figure it out na
User 2: dude
User 1: haan
User 2: sometimes rash decisions lead to good things too
User 1: nooooo
User 2: what if he gets over her fast enough at least he won't be hurt for long
User 1: then he didn't like her only then it's different
User 2: when we came back he's like couples ko dekhar gussa aata hai aiyo
User 1: aiyo
User 2: if we breakup even for ten days, i think there is a 60 chance that i'll try to hookup after getting drunk so it's just natural
User 1: good to know
User 2: all the hurting feelings for guys come months later
User 1:  noooo
User 2: girls suffer at start
User 1: lollllll ya that i read
User 2: guys later that meme na 
User 1: ya but not entirely true
User 2: man i know.
User 1: haan you guys will be like wohooo new boobs funnn
User 2: 9months tak i didn't get over sakina you couldn't have been more accurate guys are sensitive dikshita
User 1: lolll i took a fukn year for karan lol
User 2: gay
User 1: and mostly it was cause i started finding other guys cute
User 2: man rn it's different, but in 12thish i felt no girl can take that long
User 1: ishaan and all i met then
User 2: lol even i got over when i met mihika
User 1: not anymore hi five jj rebound af
User 2: exactly not after 9months
User 1: that time we were chotu na
User 2: but yeah that relationship was bleh
User 1: bleeehhhhhh go study enough talk
User 2: you don't tell me what to do fine im going
User 1: aww love you sweetheart
User 2: love you too harshit studied too mucj i kike
User 1: goooood three subjects down three to go i found new full form for cs
User 2: fucking hell
User 1: complicated shit
User 2:  who used
User 1: down as in two hours mein revise ho jaega i used i found it
User 2: lies
User 1: i found itttt i swear to mother earth
User 2: kya itna complicated babu
User 1: chi thu thu
User 2: bolo
User 1: love you jenit
User 2: i love you too baby
User 1: aiyo pranu wants to go to gopalpur by the sea text her for bekal manipal naaaaa plssss
User 2: i'll discuss a better place manipal and something wake uppp
User 1: why i'll wake up simply gn i slept at two i need sleep today is last day for sleep before saturday
User 2: true why you up
User 1: cleaning lady came
User 2: wakeu wakey
User 1: i'm awake only plan change ho gaya i was telling you to text so i spoke to them, car scene they said ekdum no  so options are:
User 2: aiyo
User 1: jaipur mein toh ghar hai yaaaaar
User 2: it still would have been canned wait i'll text
User 1: missed video call
User 2: i had to clean all the vessels i feel so dosgusted
User 1: call a new cleaner pls
User 2: he said he'll be back in a week so till then we'll get someone
User 1: okk fasttt
User 2: lunch ke liye jao
User 1: haan today i'm ready also i have to collect parcellll
User 2: what came
User 1: mom bought some stuff from china and dad is sending my tshirts
User 2: dad ko bolo mere liye bhi kuch bhejde
User 1: dahej chalega ? jk okay underwear you want ?
User 2: relax socks ded dede
User 1: lolll okk i'll tell
User 2: yay next parcel ke time no hurry you want thepla
User 1: size bol
User 2: eleven
User 1: noo i don't like cold food okay eleven unless it's namkeen
User 2: i'll heat it and with pickle
User 1: jenit i think you're the cutest boyfriend ever
User 2: why
User 1: basssss
User 2: thank you
User 1: lol
User 2: you're cute too
User 1: welcome hehe thanks today dabeli don't forget 
User 2: i don't have second half remember
User 1: haan
User 2: what you want from mumbai babu
User 1: theobroma why you ask?
User 2: parents will come na
User 1: ohhh then nothing simply they'll have to carry extra
User 2: they are getting things for these three you might as well order
User 1: acha jenit
User 2: obviously they'll let
User 1: don't tell them i come over to your place okay tell them she's not allowed or something like that pls
User 2: once in a while you come
User 1: ya group mein
User 2: they won't believe if i say no
User 1: friends ke saatg
User 2: haa
User 1: haan okay image
User 2: lol guess who is there in student if the year two
User 1: who ?
User 2: guess
User 1: tiger shroff
User 2: you deleted this message will smith
User 1: ok
User 2: arent you excitedddd that's so coooolll dude some junior committed sucide today
User 1: ya ik goodiesssssss
User 2: your parents are too extra lol pradaaaa is it as big as a school bag or what
User 1: i'm pretty sure it's fake she bought it in china dude
User 2:  you studied today?
User 1: noooooo but i attended all classes my head is fullll i'm taking a break i'll start studying after dinner
User 2: zyada lamba nahinhua? karlo
User 1: my class finished at six hundred and thirty i'm tired
User 2: oh fucks why do they keep extendingn eee loll
User 1: he finished the portion today this subject is on friday
User 2: aiyo one subject portion decreased i'm gladdd
User 1: gooooooddd callll meeeeeeeee
User 2: waitttt
User 1: okay waiting
User 2: after loco i got out lol
User 1: gooooooo where you going ?
User 2: from loco pagal
User 1: i love you jenit 
User 2: love you too padlo
User 1: https:www.arealme.comeqen
User 2: what this
User 1: https:www.arealme.comleft-right-brainen so there's iq right like that there's eq so then https:www.arealme.commentalen https:www.arealme.comiqen kar naaaaaa did you sleep already? tell and sleep naa are you attending tomorrow we'll get dabeli then nevermind i'm bunking call me at ten i'll wake up and study
User 2: noo even i'm bunking though lol
User 1: lollllll
User 2: i'll call sleep
User 1: i need sleep today is last day before saturday for sleep jenny you're the best i like
User 2: you keep saying that thank you sleep now
User 1:  
User 1:    
User 2: sleep fuckih hell
User 1: hi jenit
User 2: hello baby how are you feeling
User 1: i have a headache
User 2: you didn't have medicine na
User 1: as in my head is feeling that spinny spinny i can't take medicine
User 2: drink gluco
User 1: i feel sleepy eat food i'm hungry
User 2: that too
User 1: i'm excited for sessional are you
User 2: jtall be fine after that
User 1: omg i'm going to get fifteen in four subjects this time
User 2: wtf
User 1: hehehehhehe funnnnnnn you don't like the adrenaline?
User 2: i don't like stress
User 1: you didn't do the left brain right brain do itttt
User 2: kya bolu moti
User 1: you should study thoda thoda from before then it all adds up and you're a happy man when sessional comes
User 2: did that for only one subject  and it works but won't do it for others lol
User 1: lol i'm only scared for one i'll start that today little little at a time
User 2: you don't have a second half na good karlo phir pura accha jayega
User 1: haan
User 2: i don't feel like studying dikshitaaaa
User 1: but milega still 6990 lol from first sessional first semester why to take pressure i'm pooping do you wanna go for dinner to manna mess
User 2: lollll
User 1: finish all your studies before that
User 2: no time to waste only
User 1: then we can chill aiyo
User 2: nahi hoga
User 1: this is not how you're supposed to write papers
User 2: i can treat you in campus store 
User 1:  okay done give me a call after your lab i'll come running running i love you jenit you're my favourite  you follow travelicious na the reposted my photo so i have made my account public go like my photo
User 2: haa waitt no public why shi private eakho
User 1: can't they have to regram my pics how does it matter i anyway accept all follow requests
User 2: shouldn't na lol
User 1: arre what's the big deal
User 2: creepy messages isliye aate hai
User 1: loll chod loco khela ?
User 2: no i joined after the first question was over sad how far did you get
User 1: 5th
User 2: ek din jeetege dw i'll stop playing after winning
User 1: loll
User 2: i sent aomiya this and even she got depressed cse is too hard this sen
User 1: loll
User 2: don't ask study related questions this sessionals please babu
User 1: as in?
User 2: kitna hua and all 
User 1: lol what a cute but this was secretttttt i sad you always tell my secrets to everyone  now what if i don't get jenty the penty is craxy
User 2: then you better study so that you get it or else you'll get embarrassrd overconfidence hai baas
User 1: jenny kenny is a penny
User 2: poooppp
User 1: but it's a secret i popped missed video call are you scared to pick up in class lollll
User 2: it's lab da i toh would have answered and chilled lol
User 1: jenty you call me okay we'll chill for ten mins in campus store pls i haven't seen you in five hundred years
User 2: come i'm leaving ab5 now get moneyyyy
User 1: okkk yayyyy jenty love you missed video call
User 2: hellooo
User 1: hi jenit are you sleeping ? missed video call
User 2: i just woke up fuck too late
User 1: go study
User 2: didnyou dinner
User 1: just eating i'm feeling so bored
User 2: i saw snaps i know 
User 1: lol
User 2: much padha ya nahi
User 1: san ho gaya cs baki hai
User 2: i know you said you would do today don't cheat
User 1: yes i will
User 2: how you take so lightly i'll never know
User 1: i'm not i don't understand it
User 2: don't stalk me  i deleted that post only so irritating
User 1: loll okay jenty wish me all the best i'm starting the complicated shit
User 2: all the best babyyy call before sleeping
User 1: okk loco
User 2: missed  kitne question kiye
User 1: seven shit dude
User 2: ohhhh
User 1: i was good roja kai lost
User 2: new game na today
User 1: no loco quiz only i was so close i was going to put the correct one i'm sad i was playing well
User 2: it was movies and sitcom wala na new theme
User 1: ya there was a got question what is robb starks direwolf ka name grey wind i got it right there was alia bhatt also what did she answer when asked who is the pm of india in koffee with karan fun game i liked it
User 2: arghhhh love it vidit lost on the 10th one apparently lol
User 1: that's sad
User 2: pubgggg
User 1: two months na
User 2: what
User 1: mins lets playyyy acceptkaroooooo
User 2: one min
User 1: kya kiya i got six kills we came 4th
User 2: aug na man i couldn't see only properly bad ney sorry rishab has a crush on arusha lol
User 1: i heard you told me tell him no he got over his gf fast
User 2: he's not he was cribbing today also but like crush
User 1: okk hmm still
User 2: they tried da kya karege
User 1: :( i feel sad
User 2: don't judge i don't know why we were discussing it but like vidit and i were calculating rn the number of times we've masturbated till dated guess average number
User 1: one hundred and thirty don't judge what ? masturbation or rishabh ka aiyo why i'll judge okay assuming you started in class six ten years you're sexually mature assuming each week you did thrice because more in the beginning why thrice i think we can assume five also knowing you ten years  fifty-two weeks  five days that's a lot two thousand, six hundred times let's take two thousand, five hundred should i tell you mine it's seven
User 2: nope more like six thousand weak 
User 2: i don't know how you've never done it
User 1: what how idk no one told me to stick my hand in my pants for fun but that's like eleven times a week you started in six only na
User 2: yeh before it used to be 2-3 a day babu 6-7k easily
User 1: omg thank god child marriage is not a thing
User 2: i can have sex more than once but it's not 100 so i don't like itttt
User 1: ya now when you were in class six and you were given the option to have sex any number of times a day (assuming the girl is cool with it of course) would you masturbate or would you have sex i got: 62 kinky! what  kinky are you? do it !!!!!
User 2: sex dude why not that time all this was toooo fascinating
User 1: yaaa too much population kar naaaa
User 2: forty-one only shit
User 1: lolll
User 2: you might have faked yhoda for sure
User 1: i'm kinkier
User 1: no dude i know im a little kinky
User 2: blood toh you're scared of
User 1: noooo blood poop no rest peace you didn't call me before sleeping  it's okay i forgive are you attending tomorrow? i reached crown hehe
User 2: sorreyyyyy nope bapre what to tell you
User 1: why are you awake so early when you have second half i want to sleep  stupid lab timing is galat
User 2: did tp ate thoda now bath and then studyyyy need to complete one subject before three
User 1: goooood jenit i was rockstar in today's lab i made everyone's code run too good poore eee mein mera chodke kisika nahin chala code
User 2: arre wah how did you give it to everyone but
User 1: i went to their computer and did it
User 2: bapre eee people really do suck at programming na loll is okay foooddd timeeee don't do tp after lunch ha
User 1: lol yaaa class hai
User 2: bunk
User 1: aiyo no
User 2: you went?
User 1: yeah what a class dude what a revision amazing i just need like three hours maybe to revise
User 2: both subjects?
User 1: second subject also two hours but tomorrow not now missed video call locoooooooo jenitttt i'm out
User 2: same :( too gk i can't wait for science loco
User 1: lol yaaa
User 2: didnyou loco it was 90s themeddd
User 1: you didn't remind me plus it was in tamil i'm pooping happy poop to me
User 2: noo rn it was normal i joined at 8:03 divya taught harshit too much today lol
User 1: really ? loll good 8.05 : i missed it pubg? nvm going for dinner wohoooo
User 2: he made good food todau
User 1: wah
User 2: after dinner we'll play
User 1: who harshit made ? cook only na haan we can play
User 2: cook only wait for ten such a nice dp
User 1: i'm eating so you wait hehe thanks jenittttt game timeeeee jennnn are you going to play ??? 
User 2: waittt
User 1: okay text me now you wait ppl calling for doubts no jk tell me
User 2: chalo
User 1: two mins haan come what jenty only two kilss mere vajah se we came second
User 2: vidit was also playing naaaa new feeling na crown wale log
User 1: no ya i'm in  hehe this is very funny
User 2: you awake???
User 1: yessss
User 2: all the best babu
User 1: same to you sweetie  rock it hiiiii suuuup
User 2: in ab5 studying chalo you also study
User 1: okk all the best
User 2: all the best
User 1: to you toooo have funnnn
User 2: hello why aren't you asleep
User 1: missed video call why did you not call me mad jenty slept ? uthoooooooo
User 2: haaa just woke up ooppssss good sleep dinner sorry i thought you were awake that's why i called
User 1: why didn't you call i asked arrreeee what is this man i also want half day off exam remind me to play loco
User 2: i slept tbefote that i'm sorry baby hrhe
User 1: aww is okay
User 2: yes ten thousand did you studyyyy
User 1: lots of people were there in your house why i'm studying only i'm trying to understand each and everything
User 2: no it was just me vidit and arav
User 1: cause application paper
User 2: good girl
User 1: oh some girls voice came ya lct wasn't that great
User 2: not mugging up toh zyada time laga
User 1: i will get eleven ish i'm doing both
User 2: today's paper?
User 1: idk what helps tomorrow ya morning paper second paper was still bomb
User 2: 15
User 1: loll i came and said twelve i remember instead of twelve it's eleven haan haan i'll make up for it in gtd cs you wait
User 2: yes you will dw sirf kal ke liye thoda study zyadaaa
User 1: hehe thank you
User 2: kitna hogaya
User 1: kal ka hi hai 13 lots to go but i'll do paper and go this time it will help me
User 2: didn't you always do papers
User 1: not for sessional but i'll have to do for this paper
User 2: arre koi bast nahi padho padhoo
User 1:  yes studying call me for loco
User 2: yasss
User 1: you forgot to call me dumbooo
User 2: it's not started noob
User 1: cutie  do you know what the folks
User 2: nope but like they said it when they were talking cluesss
User 1: huh
User 2: dude this was pretty interesting
User 1: what clue
User 2: i like loco stories
User 1: i didn't know the first one only
User 2: they spokeeeee
User 1: okay ppl are irritating me i'm going to put my phone on silent oh i c
User 2: kitne log doubt puche 
User 1: i'm so tired of telling ki nahin aata and then poorvi and all toh keep saying mera toh kuch nbajn hua this that uffffdddd running out of patience
User 2: anushka is also like that hate such people dude is okau
User 1: irritating
User 2: keep it on silent call me when freeee
User 1: okk
User 2: huaaaa
User 1: doing doing time lagega at least three hours then also idk i'll sleep get up early and revise
User 2: what time should i wake you up at
User 1: are you sleeping?
User 2: yes
User 1: it depends on what time i sleep i need five hours sleep so accordingly i want to sleep by two let's see what the scene it come na one game mazaa aaega
User 2: study chup chap
User 1: breakkkkk
User 2: no break
User 1: but i am studying also come na war ten minutes
User 2: accha come chalo i'm sleeping study well text me the time you want to wake up goodnight
User 1: good night jenitttt jenitttt hi cutie wake me up at seven na pls  6:30 bhi chalega 6:30 jenit i'm feeling a little confident now seven actually  need a little sleep
User 2: how's it goingggg
User 1: going going
User 2: good eat breakfast
User 1: no i'll die i did everything more than that what can i do
User 2: hence you list dood
User 1: i'm going for a shower ?
User 2: hence you must food
User 1: lol no need
User 2: all the best
User 1: thank you ! amazingggg paper max i'll lose one mark ekdum wtf ho gaya i was expecting absolutely nothing !
User 2:  i'm glad eat something now please
User 1: yaaa 11:45 lunch opens then i'll go jenit if i miss a fifteen it's going to be a damn close miss
User 2: it's fine da yu just need to keep the total high helu
User 1: hi jenit this paper is going to be the bad one i feel okay bye jenit
User 2: hang in love youu all the bestt
User 1: love you too jenit i love you jenit okay all the best to you too byeee
User 2: locoo
User 1: playing
User 2: there is a glitch na
User 1: yaaaa it already showed for me you're late but i was on time i think my internet went off
User 2: i got to play e questions nono only 4k people were able to answer the first question i saw till 8th only 18people we're left
User 1: ohh
User 2: then it just stopped
User 1: lucky them lol saaad
User 2: study
User 1: loco googlyyy
User 2: ha
User 1: hi jenit whatsup jenit
User 2: helllooo bad connection
User 1: my earphones broke
User 2: howwee
User 1: i'll buy new i sat on it
User 2: it can't break man moti
User 1: it broke time for new cooler earphones
User 2: kaunseeee
User 1: skull candy
User 2: no wtf that's like zara used to be good but now middle class
User 1: arre so then what ? i like skullcandy seinheiser isn't that great
User 2: bose
User 1: abbe pagal 11k it costs
User 2: kum wala lo
User 1: no i like the skullcandy colours
User 2: quality i'll select and telll
User 1: lol it's good
User 2: noooo i had this one in 11th don't too old
User 1: arre last time you only suggested seinheiser
User 2: it's goooddddd
User 1: i liked it but it was black and the company was apparently sasta and tikao
User 2: no wtf
User 1: the sound was off a little then i got used to it yes it is
User 2: seinheiser is good
User 1: why can't i buy skullcandy i like it
User 2: buyyy
User 1: see the colour so cute you also tell then i'll compare
User 2: get
User 1: arre don't get angry i love you na
User 2: i'm not wtf getttt hehe
User 1: okk
User 2: ilove you toooo
User 1: everyone is chilling in your room or what? wanna pubg?
User 2: everyone is in the room harshit is drunk lol we are taking his case
User 1: oh okk enjoy enjoy text for pubg
User 2: yes baby
User 1: or even if you like wanna chilll or talk or something 
User 2: awwww
User 1: i miss you jenit
User 2: chacha harshit
User 1: okay i'm not understanding anything it's difficult to follow delhi log ka accent without lip reading
User 2: wtf make divya listen now
User 1: aiyo she's not here
User 2: go walk cute
User 1: i'll send the audio note
User 2: fuck noobs funny hai woh when drunk
User 1: lol
User 2: urghh fine  it was funny
User 1: okk
User 2: you studying baby
User 1: no i no study i no care no i care i'm just tired i'll finish second subject before smelling sleeping hey do you want some sexy snaps?
User 2: sure would love it i'll open later but
User 1: do you still have some company? if yes then don't open it now
User 2: everyone kaustubhs is also here haannn
User 1: lollllll okay locooo
User 2: yesss
User 2: how much 70s show you saw
User 1: three episodes i never realised how addicted i am to my earphones i feel so blehhh i need temporary earphones 
User 2: take mine i already play less pubg
User 1: thank you i'll come tomorrow morning to take it
User 2: i'm making grilled cheese
User 1: i can't study without it dude send picccc
User 2: but there was no bread so i'm using rotis
User 2: who listens to music while studying wtf
User 1: sums no my hands are practicing my head can daydream it's a taco it's actually a cheese paratha
User 2: quesedilla
User 1: correct
User 2: weirdo i read
User 1: lol
User 2: snaps hi nahi bheje
User 1: arre but i wanted company
User 2: hehe is okay
User 1: i will send good morning for you
User 2: woohooooo awesome kya kar rage ho
User 1: i'm taking snaps of my friends notes i missed lot of classes na so i did from text book but class notes lagega for revision
User 2: text book do again na scroll fast fast
User 1: ya ya def still awake ?
User 2: too easy i had a great morning thanks to you so cute i love you
User 1: hi jenit why am i awake so early i'll never know okay bye jenit i love you toooooo
User 2: sleep
User 1: i had to poop so i woke up i'm going to go back to sleep only
User 2: poop cycle is morning cycle 
User 1: means ?
User 2: like wake up early and poop like a normal person but wake up properly very late
User 1: hahah no normally my poop cycle is for twelve pm and then 8pm again but well here i am
User 2: awww come for ear phones
User 1: no i'm going to go to sleep jen i can't sleep this is too annoyibb i can't sleep it's unbelievable outrageous yuck i hate it tomorrow parttyyyyy but first paper
User 2: aww talking to mummy? yess somiya is going to vd so rishab is like let's go with the guys but i don't feel like drinking but i'll have to so till then do you wanna chill at pp? sleep with meeee after the paper i'll first go to arte i'll enquire about the rooms get the payment done then pp
User 1: what's this arte takes pencil booking call them and tell them then you can pay when they come why not country inn ? haan i liked arte more though cause bigger rooms good good
User 2: vijay durga shit society cjo chi i have never stayed at country inn harshit was like arte is better so eh oh shit nice cool
User 1: yeahh ya it is idk why my mom liked country inn more she was like good pool lol i'll be there by twelve
User 2: my parents are not going to swim
User 1: okay why ?
User 2: because they are here to chill they are old people dude all this they won't do  we'll go tonudupi for meals woohoo i hope they rent a car
User 1: okay lolll skinny dip
User 2: chi ew imagine your dad naked now the picture is in your head
User 1: lol i wasn't talking about them i was talking about you
User 2: worse i don't like to swim first of all
User 1: aiyooo same
User 2: then i have to be naked chi no thanks
User 1: how to do water sports ? but then we can go together
User 2: dude if i had to no glasses then i would be too good
User 1: do some naughtyy
User 2: when i was small i remember even with specs i won this event
User 1: get laser done
User 2: too good after studies da
User 1: arre but then your eyes will look baaaaad hmm i don't think that applies to you. nevermind its for us normal eye peasants haan okay you get after studies i'm getting it after undergrad
User 2: i have bad dark circles i will look bad without glasses sad
User 1: noooo you don't look bad without glasses at all i toh keep saying get lenses plus like your dark circles will go if you sleep properly
User 2: i have lekses
User 1: okay jenit new rule you have to wear lenses for date night
User 2: done
User 1: yaaaay fun i'll come to get earphones na ?
User 2: comee
User 1: leave i'll come if i can come up else no leave it it doesn't make sense come down to sign me in
User 2: i came till 8th question fuck
User 1: over already loco ?
User 2: speedloco
User 1: yeah 
User 2: locoo
User 1: missed it
User 2: whyyyy it was hard never mind inused life also shish
User 1: shi
User 2: dinner break
User 1: lolll
User 2: how much you did
User 1: half
User 2: still studying
User 1: sameee
User 2: okay done kitna baki hai
User 1: that wasfasttt jenty wake me up at 6:30 sweetie seven only love you jenty i'm feeling very scared why didn't i study more yesterday stupid dikshita no i'm prepared only still okay all the best love you 
User 2: all the best 
User 1:  jenit i'm so sorry how was it ?
User 2: hello
User 1: these guys didn't let me wait for you
User 2: where are you
User 1: library
User 2: i told you na that don't teach before exams
User 1: i couldn't say no 
User 2: great somiya is so irritating she said she would teach me because i did one chapter and sent her the notes and she did the chapter and didn't send the notes now she's like it's easy just do it you can always say no i hope ganda jaye paper you'll learn like that only
User 1: that's so rude my morning paper was so good jenit
User 2: woohoo dude my paper was so easy silly mistaken plus i forgot to read one part only that question came sad strongest subject tha i'm sorry i'm in a bad mood
User 1: it's okay babu love you
User 2: `love you too`
User 1: jen i'm not feeling well 
User 2: i'm not prepared at all
User 1: time hai kar le
User 2: it was worse than evs
User 1: whyyyyy
User 2: are you with everyoneeer wah alcohol in hostel naughty noiceer
User 1: aiyo whyyyyy
User 2: what's up with divya 
User 1: nothing you were mean that's why she was mean
User 2: when was i mean i told chi to chantal 
User 1: lol she thought you said to get her call back jen today i will call you you don't sleep okay twelve am love you sweets
User 2: sure why not  doneee how drunk baby
User 1: pretty lady pretty drunk
User 2:  noice im going to parvs for a house party are you going with class peopleb
User 1: yes class people jenit i think i have to explain something to you
User 2: sayyy
User 1: you know how each current is represented in the form of aib there's real and complex
User 2: ha
User 1: you should know you're my real boy
User 2: i know tell
User 1: the rest are complex which do not account in the power calculated
User 2: i don't remember this
User 1: so my power does not depend on them
User 2: shit
User 1: just you real power jj
User 2: awwwwww
User 1: power triangle
User 2: rula diya i love you dikshita
User 1: bye jj i love you too jj don't simply be sad because of complex component
User 2: i agreee too good
User 1: love you jj
User 2: love the example
User 2: love you tooooo
User 1: thanks i'm very smart my total is eighty-three today both subjects fifteen i deserve party
User 2: wow omg fuck where are you going
User 1: i told you four subjects i meant it zeal nethraa is sleeping in the party room literally sleeping what a loser
User 2: wtf why doesn't she just leave
User 1: fomi fomo fear of missing out
User 2:  be safe call me i'll come pick you up if you want
User 1: sorry jj divya is picking me up she's vv angry with you
User 2: why
User 1: cause both times your called you didn't say hi to her
User 1: jj i'm hurt
User 2: love you divya
User 1: jen don't come to pick me i'll call you today don't worry
User 2: yessss how are you
User 1: jen i'm very dtuo i'll come back dont come to pick pragya is there ritika is there complex components are there don't worry
User 2: where are touuuu
User 1: zeal jenit, people will drop me i'm okay ok, this her friend, ritika from her class jenit i'm very fine pls don't come to pick me
User 2: okkauyyu
User 1: i'm at zeal don't come to pick thank you og
User 2: tell me when you are back
User 1: lolll i'm back i think the last time i was this drunk was when i passed out at cnm jen are you awake ?
User 2:  haaa how was last night
User 1: crazy
User 2: tellll
User 1: all my class peeps were there it was too good everyone drank
User 2: what time you'll come by babu
User 1: after class na i'll go with you only
User 2: nowwww
User 1: jen i can't get up i have no strength
User 2: rise and shine let's bunk last lecture
User 1: hi jen i had class only till 4.30 na loll you call me i'll come outside 13th let's do some dinner scene na i'm hungry for cheese you reached ?
User 2: yessss
User 1: jen tomorrow pls bring the shampoo bottle no pink one
User 2: aren't you gonna come to pp
User 1: not tomorrow na ? how will i come babu
User 2: okayyu i'll get and dabeli
User 1: yes
User 2: i'm sleeping in the middle of the bed
User 1: hahahah don't get too used to it imma coming hi jen i love you okay bye jen tomorrow is a new day don't dwell on the past i'm here for you no matter what and belgian waffle don't ditch after class
User 2: yesdd
User 1: jen i'm coming
User 2: now?
User 1: yo okay na ? or no ?
User 2: come
User 1: come down jeb jen jen aaja
User 2: packed?
User 1: ya all done no one's come to chill lolll
User 2: toh tell divya to come na
User 1: haan telling
User 2: came? the car?
User 1: no car just came chal bye jen see you soon have funbb got the car live location shared
User 2: hello nice did you meet everyon
User 1: yessss no i didn't i didn't have time jenit
User 2: don't lie
User 1: fine i didn't feel like i just wanted some alone time
User 2: aww it's okay
User 1: yaaa
User 2: what you'll do after reaching
User 1: reached ate waiting for doggie then i have to shave then sleep i slept on the way i was so sleeping sleepy  good i sent you this cause i just couldn't stay awake
User 2: aee it's okay i got you but don't sleep please in cab i mean
User 1: abhi not
User 2: gooddd kya khaya
User 1: puchka frankie
User 2: both??
User 1: yes
User 2: wahh where are the doggiessss
User 1: just one is here other two slept
User 2: wake them upppp. they'll be happy to see you was the awake one happpyyyy
User 1: he just came from bangalore he's overexcited
User 2: haha yayy mummy tomorrowww she'll ask where is dikshita
User 1: yesssss why will she ask ?
User 2: she's excited
User 1: hahahah who she
User 2: mom man
User 1: hahah ok cookie came he's jumping everywhere not going to anyone except one servant who kept him when he was small
User 2: what about you
User 1: noooooo not even me
User 2: lol is you awake
User 1: i'll shave in the morning
User 2: when is your flight
User 1: 6:20 boarding
User 2: you won't have timen sleep you won't get sleep only
User 1: then tomorrow yaa i have to wake up at four good i took power naps today tomorrow again i'll sleep in the flight bad connection
User 2: ha
User 1: nvm
User 2: sleep baby
User 1: so rahi hoon main good night
User 1: don't let the frostbite bite
User 2: cute
User 1: hi jen i miss you i shaved hey jen i'm vv sleepy landed
User 2: hello good morning delhiii you reached bangalore oops what time is the next flight at
User 1: 10:10 please call me at 9:20 i'm sitting near the gate but this is a silent airport and i don't wanna miss my flight
User 2: yessss dw eat some breakfast there's krispy creme and there is very nice cafe also in the middle of the pace
User 1: i'm reading pride and prejudice beautiful
User 2: sad you can't meet parents where'd you get such a pretty book from
User 1: ya that's there when are they coming? it's so pretty and i love pride and prejudice i had eight hundred bucks exact i bought this one and one for dadmom whoever wants to read it inner engineering by sadhguru they're into that
User 2: one thousand, two hundred and thirty dafuq bad choice my parents too the secret something it's 920!!
User 1: that's damn sad dude the secret is a series jenit pls watch less tv and read books lol no jk love you sweets ya i'm at the gate only
User 2: nicee read read i'm cleaning my room
User 1: hahah clean loll remove bong and all
User 2: everything fly safe baby they are so sad that you aren't here
User 1: landed really? you didn't tell them before ?
User 2: same color thoda different pattern
User 1: interesting
User 2: you don't like kya dudee they toh stalked you completely he knows everything about your dad also lol he was like i was planning to take you kids for shopping lol
User 1: lolll okay i'm scared of your dad which designer?
User 2: sulakshana monga cringey lol what did you do full dayyyy
User 1: haven't heard i shopped two dresses one light western type gown
User 2: you didn't send pictures
User 1: one light indian teal colour damn pretty cause not allowed
User 2: what why
User 1: i'll wear on saturday and send
User 2: nooooo why didn't you da
User 1: i said no not allowed
User 2: why but
User 1: not only not allowed my phone ran out of charge so
User 2: accha store ke rules?
User 1: yaaaa
User 2: i want to see 
User 1: hahaha i'll get ready and get a snap clicked
User 2: mom got chocolate also for you
User 1: so sweeetttt dude now i'm feeling bad tell them usko milneka faayda nahin pehli baar milke baat nahin karti
User 2: they prolly know that bahut stalk kiya dude damn sad
User 1: stalk kaise kiya i'm scared on fb ? aiyoo
User 2: yeahh they wanted to take us to mangalore lol
User 1: us as in ?
User 2: you me them diwali shopping
User 1: oh god that very generous jenit i'm not being able to send sod pls do na
User 2: sod?
User 1: snap of the day
User 2: why da
User 1: dikshita98 symphony6 plsssssssssss fasttt my streak will go otherwise  did you send ?
User 2: yessss off course
User 1: thank youuuu  mom brought tasty tasty prasad for me from kolkata kali bari and lapsi yummy yummy
User 2: what's kali bari mom got too please finish i'll become fattt
User 1: it's yummmmyyyy
User 2: my dad was pissed that i introduced you to my counsjn anushi as a gf it's not allowed before marriage or some shit like thay but it's okay mom is like what will she do its fine
User 1:  jen i'm feeling very nervous
User 2: for what
User 1: of your papa mammma
User 2: chill karo time hai breathe i met your parents too many times
User 1: but you weren't scared i'm scared lol no jk 
User 2: you're scared lolll i know confident raho they'll like you anyway
User 1: okay whatcha doing?
User 2: i got thoda groceries now going home i'll watch the haunting on the hill tonight
User 1: why stay at the hotel na??
User 2: noo
User 1: whyyyyy did they like your house?
User 2: yeaj mom was in too much awe when she saw the balcony's
User 1:  wahh kya baat
User 2: mumbaikars dude can't deal with it
User 1: don't know what scenery is ya ik ik
User 2: nope 
User 1: lol
User 2: dad is like greenery bahut hai
User 1: hahaha what they said for me about me
User 2: too much
User 1: tell na tell na what?? you showed photo? how did he know my dad how did he find out ???? jen i'm scared no jk tell me you showed mera photo?
User 2: no everything he saw through favebook dad also through favebook don't worry baby hello
User 1: okkk hello so do they think my eyes are blue ? cause my dp is blue eyes i'd like it if they think my eyes are blue so they think i have two hbds? yaa as soon as you go on my dad's page first thing is owner at kothari hosiery factory
User 2: lol relax prolly not baby when is the function
User 1: tomorrow night
User 2: what's today then
User 1: today chill at divijas place and watch ramleela eat chaat and dinner and drinks
User 2: alcohol with everyone?
User 1: no only divija and vidushi and me and her bf
User 2: who else will be there these people only right
User 1: yas why abhi tak toh yahi plan hai
User 2: i send that message through my watch woohooooo is so cool hehe love ittt
User 1: what watch what? you bought another watch? wahhh don't open it now here and there lab mein chod diya yeh woh vapis nahin milega that's a cool watch i like
User 2: calls and all also i can answer and the heart beat monitor i know these things existed but so cool
User 1: i can make this watch i'm smart like that
User 2: arre wah kya baat hai isliye tum pasand ho mujhe
User 1: hehe thank you waaaaaaah
User 2: where to take parents tomorrow what is the name of that road or place where there is water on both sides
User 1: no clue
User 2: bolo
User 1: i'm thinking mangalore
User 2: what there
User 1: what's there to see in manipal dude ?
User 2: i'm saying mangalore nothing lol
User 1: delta you can go kundadri
User 2: we'll go to some beach in mangalore then lunch and then shopping woohoo you want something?
User 1: that sounds like a chill timeeee what do i want hmmm nothing lol leave it
User 2: parents will ask for sure might as well
User 1: say nahin chahiye jen pls where send snapppp for me snap of the day
User 2: kya hua apke phone ko mangalore we'll see
User 1: pata main nahin irritated
User 2: what irritated baby hulkk i like get it her halloweeennn i have monye i'm so happy
User 1: it's not mine lolllll it's mahimans chota bros i'm sleepy dude
User 2: awe what are you doing then did you meet mahiman lok such nice pictures lol
User 1: ya so awkward jen whatsupppp jeeeeeeeeeeeeeen kya kar rahe ho tumm
User 2: loll telll hellooo i was in lab babu going home now shall play board games with parents and whoever is there
User 1: good plan
User 2: telll
User 1: i was like kya scene he ran away i think he's shy i'm trying to make a plan with him let's see otherwise only i'll keep on trying to fix it no point simply wasting time
User 2: let him approach if he wants to na no sense trying with stupid people
User 1: aiyo no jenit i already feel so guilty for being so rude
User 2: aiyo he started it don't need to feel bad he'll think other other things because he might still like you he seems to be that kind of immature
User 1: stupid as in naive
User 2: stupid only lol
User 1: lol arre ab how to change feels lollll no na he didn't leave it annoying what are you doingggg
User 2: true if you say so fida fifa
User 1: hahaha
User 2: parents will come after some time
User 1: with parents wtf m oh okay
User 2: dude i miss somiya. damn sad. it's like highschool all over again. i think sid and her and back together but he's not too sure.
User 1: they're chilling in the hotel kya ?
User 2: ha i was in lab na
User 1: aiyooo try to talk to her na if she talks means okay
User 2: she clearly said don't text. i texted twice after that and haven't got a reply rishab is updating me with her shit he'll talk to her tomorrow but mostly it's gonna do no good
User 1: why is she being so weird
User 2: sid didn't take it well and like always, i'm an option that people didn't choose
User 1: i think if she got back with siddarth he would've told her that if you continue to talk to jenit then we can't be together
User 2: damn sad man
User 1: jen
User 2: she just assumed this and started following it
User 1: you're not an option for me sweetie
User 2: i know baby
User 1: then don't say like this
User 2: par school mai it was like this then highschool i thought collrge would be better
User 1: acha if i said something like siddharth what would you do ? taking you some time to decide okayyy... lol
User 2: arre i was playing i'd try to convince you that there is actually nothing between us so it would be great if you could trust me and allow me talk to her if you still weren't fine then i would stop talking
User 1: ya so same for her it's not like she had a choice
User 2: she stopped talking to me before sid even said anything. she didn't even try
User 1: no jen everyone is not as awesome as i am she would've been in a real fix give her time she will talk to you definitely
User 2: true but i know na she herself told that sid didn't say much i myself am stopping to talk so that he doesn't get more pissed doubt jt i feel very insulted but i can't help but feel sad sad
User 1: no jen she didn't have a choice believe me if tomorrow i tell you i had a thing for someone and you broke up with me cause of it.... and then we got back i would've never dared to talk to that person again
User 2: obviously i knoe but diskhita if you never try you'll never knoe she could have tried
User 1: haan she will later i said na give her time
User 2: sadd my parents aren't getting jain food only anywhere 
User 1: lolll
User 2: we again spoke about tou
User 1: jen what about
User 2: he was asking what all did your mom dad ask me and like do they know about us and then he started talking about how i shouldn't have told anushi about me dating i was like then shout at jheal because she said it was okay you deleted this message they were like nvm
User 1: lollllll too funny
User 2: no you musnt helllo how was your dayyy https:youtu.bexfudamquyes
User 1: it's not over
User 2: what's next
User 1: chaat
User 2: at home or outside
User 1: outside
User 2: noice video call at night?
User 1: yesssss  i'll call you
User 2: woohooo we are gonna watch the horror show at night also freezer water leaked on your donut so had to throw it i'll try my best to save the brownie promise
User 1: okayyy
User 2: and she sent rishab this
User 1: aiyooo i'm telling you siddharth asked her to choose ya she had to jenit siddharth would've left her na
User 2: she's just assuming all this siddharth hasn't asked anything
User 1: it's a good assumption i'll call you around twelve sweetie don't overthink
User 2: i'm just too sad don't i don't feel like talking anymore sorry i love you
User 1: acha i'm awake if you want to talktext let me know
User 2: texting is fine
User 1: okay what are you doing go play fifa tell me before you sleep
User 2: yes rishab sent ss of his chat with somiya i'm building courage to read it
User 1: forward it to me without reading i'll tell you else delete it without reading no point simply disturbing yourself
User 2: i like closure baby something i have to do myslef i haven't had a life challenge since a while time to prove myself again :)
User 1: jenit pls don't do like this it's not worth it to simply torture
User 2: acceptance and moving on dikshita what type of person doesn't learn what he preaches
User 1: no jen why not learn from the past instead call me if you want sweetie you don't have to do this alone
User 2: this will become past na so i'll learn i numbered all the screenshots lol now need to gather the balls to read em
User 1: jen no need babu pls
User 2: dikshita remember this day conquer your feara and use them effectively
User 1: do you want to call me ? jenit i'm here for you some relationships are not that strong it's okay if they go the stronger ones won't
User 2: i knoow baby i'm not that depressed breathe i'll text you when i read them okay
User 1: if you haven't read it delete it i know what it might be there's no point
User 2: how about everyone stops assuming and get to know the facts jeez chill
User 1: have you read the screenshots? mat kar jenit point nahin hai
User 2: even rishab is saying that lol now toh i'm tempted
User 1: mazaak nahin chal raha
User 2: life is a joke what to do
User 1: you're insulting your friends sweetheart there are so many people for you
User 2: my friends are insulting me
User 1: you still want to go after someone who isn't there for you
User 2: nooooo that's not what i'm after rn i want closure baby somiya toh didn't reply
User 1: you're making a mistake jenit
User 2: have to know now
User 1: closure from what ? bola na rishabh ne nahin baat karna chahti
User 2: i'm ziddi
User 1: fine then read it right now and text me immediately
User 2: ten mins ke baad
User 1: no right now
User 2: i'm with the bois
User 1: read it and then repeat this same sentence i want closure wala
User 2: stop shouting at me i don't need more bt
User 1: jen i would never shout at you sweetie
User 2: yeah
User 1: you're my favourite person ever
User 2: okau but wait now don't text i need silence
User 1: ok with the bois
User 2: don't i love you baby just don't talk plis i'm not gonna cry baby it's fine i love you
User 1: okay
User 2: i love you so much thanks for being there i need you with me always
User 1: okay i love you too haan i'm here only
User 2: cutie i'm sorry for being mean
User 1: now no need to read chats arre it's fine
User 2: dikshita i'm shook rn. i can't believe the things she said about me
User 1: jenit honey i told you not to read it baby
User 2: she fucking called me good riddance that mother cunt dude after sessionals it was just crocodile tears then chut okay i feel a bit better now
User 1: okay good now let it go go chill with parents today is a new day
User 2: tell what you want from mangalore otherwise mom leave me alone
User 1: aiyo idk nothing jen actually i want minimelts ice-cream but that's not possible don't smoke
User 2: i won't dw
User 1: okay
User 2: aut kucj bolo bag shoes? clothes tell
User 1: noooo
User 2: must must must
User 1: jen pls it's very innapropriate okay umm
User 2: if you're my chota baby
User 1: something kutti
User 2: then they are your grandparents what
User 1: chotu something small
User 2: specificcc
User 1: earrings type smallll
User 2: that mom won't understand
User 1: arre no need pls don't do
User 2: fine i'll do only if they ask i won't bring it up okay?
User 1: yaa otherwise also no
User 2: why you so scared da
User 1: jenit you know what happened
User 2: telll
User 1: yesterday we had hari kulfi with everyone you know what that is ? it's weed kulfi
User 2: wtf from where
User 1: bhang ramleela last night i just changed and put my head on the pillow and crashed out
User 2: did you feel it
User 1: no
User 2: did anyone else
User 1: no one felt only vidushi was like haaan something i happening
User 2: i don't believe her you two sisters have a lot of placebo haina
User 1: haaaan
User 2: we are at a beachhh my hair is so nice today now we'll go to ocean pearl
User 1: waaaah which beach ? funn
User 2: panambur beach
User 1: ok
User 2: again they are talking dude obsessed they asked your marks and future study plans
User 1: what did you say
User 2: 8.7 and the biomedical thing then they asked where all you e travelled and all
User 1: what did you say america europe japan dubai singapore malaysia bali thailand
User 2: wah
User 1: thailand 3
User 2: itna mahi bola
User 2: i didn't know this
User 1: 2 i think i forgot vietnam
User 2: but why
User 1: to shop kolkata mein can't shop thailand is closer than bombay chennai delhi
User 2: we spoke about that also now 
User 1: why ?
User 2: when i told dad then property prices he's like let's shift there lkll making convo
User 1:  aiyooo jen pls talk about something else they had a problem only cause you told anshi or cause you told jinkesh and aashi too ?
User 2: just anushi i can't help they are obsessed with you next week pre wedding pictures will be taken
User 1: lolll yayy what's her pre wedding outfit ?
User 2: that even i don't know we'll find out dad is like let's rent mercedes and all for the shoot sister is like no what a waste
User 1: lolll
User 2: the two seater open wala sad
User 1: dude no it's very wannabe
User 2: buttr urghh fine no car for you okay i'm in the mall stay close to phone
User 1: aiyo i'm at a lunch dude it's soooooo cool everyone is here full family on mom's side and tonight also they'll all be here bhaiya and all also coming today for the party in the evening these are my mamas and beech mein one masaji there are going to be drinks at the party today woohoo my family is progressing
User 2: fuck not fair my family is still thete
User 1: lollllll
User 2: also body shop for you lol
User 1: aiyo lol
User 2: are you a member you'll get points lol nvm we got it i was so bored like shoppinh i didn't feel like getting
User 1: they're taking measurements for viduhsis set
User 2: one black t-shirt i'm removing sports ka so got one sports tshirtn and loafers and scratch guard and phone cover it's damn cool life time warranty lol aaj hai na event
User 1: her marriage set
User 2: aiyo first find the guy toh
User 1: milega milega
User 2: sir milege lil call me sir from today
User 1: kyun ?
User 2: copy your sister
User 1: noooooo
User 2: but you must respect the man 
User 1: ya first do respectful things then we will see
User 2: aiyo what disrespectful thing i've done
User 1: hahahahah nothing respectful either na
User 2: wow
User 1: lol i jk jen
User 2: bi
User 1: kya bi? tch ? kyaaaa you got angry so fast ?
User 2: noooooo i'm a happy little head
User 1: hahahah awwww okay
User 2: what you do i missnyou come fastly
User 1: hahah i miss you too jen you really got me worried yesterday i do go in car to parlour for hair coming honey what are you upto sweetie ?
User 2: show me hair after i go back to manipal
User 1: okk normal blowdry i'm doing no drama it's a bday party da
User 2: apparently you're getting perfume too
User 1: already my dress is extra jen no pls dont do
User 2: mom was asking for size and all for dress also i was like mo i told them they don't need to because we already got they are like this is from our side that's your gift
User 1: aiyo
User 2: i can't
User 1: i feel your parents are getting even more serious than we are 
User 2: true na
User 1: it's okay
User 2: don't think that way though
User 1: don't gift jen pls
User 2: no pressure baby
User 1: okayyy
User 2: i tried to persuade mom to not get she agreed now let's see but dw no pressure girl
User 1: lol okay
User 2: you scared kya don't be weird lol you get blow dry i don't even get blown sad dude even i got thoda weird when your mom was like such a nice boy jenit is that he was there for you and all and then you told me that she likes me too much it's all in the head breathe
User 1: lollll ya okay fair enough
User 2: such a nice girl what time is the birthday at
User 1: 6:30 we have to leave we just got out of the parlour
User 2: ready hone mai bahutntime jayega na tumlog ko
User 1: not for me i forgot to bring a clear strap i have only one strap loll lopsided boobs
User 2: wtf matlab
User 1: no lol i removed both straps so now i'm chill do you want to see my dress ??
User 2: both saggy boobs now yes show meeeee wear and then
User 1: hahah no
User 2: show i want to see youuu try to make it non awkward with mahiman you'll have to spend time with him later so might as well
User 1: vidushi sent pic ya i spoke to him last night when we went for chaat remember ya ik
User 2: how was last night mujhe nahi mila
User 1: he's very hurt dude time lagega
User 2: hurt about what man
User 1: ignore the makeup
User 2: such princess the make up hahah you look very different veryyy .
User 1: i don't look good ? jen i was damn rude
User 2: you doooo tell
User 1: what you know the entire story i'll tell you in manipal
User 2: tellll
User 1: like i said i'll be there to help him but i never was so and then all the messages to not talk and all
User 2: this is don't know you're the ex
User 1: nooo
User 2: you're not supposed to be the one he comes to
User 1: jen i made a promise i don't like it whatever it's over
User 2: i don't think you should be very sad about thag this if you want to mend still makes sense
User 1: yaaa
User 2: hogaya natoab
User 1: i still have to at least try what i did wasn't right i'm not looking nice or what ? you didn't say anything katti jen
User 2: you're looking like a princess i said to
User 1: bas princess aur kuch nahin ? dress kaisa laga makeup earrings ?
User 2: it's a big word bahut accha differentnin a good way seems to extraaa that's a very big party dikshita such a nice baby posing acche se your face looks very thin truly blur the surroundings and post this pic
User 1: wait the baby isn't ready
User 2: what 
User 1: she has to get ready
User 2: but y'all are already at the party na
User 1: yes the baby isn't ready
User 2: dude i reached till the 8th question in loco loco story is easy shittt you look damn pretty dude i miss the freckles but this looks very nice
User 1: hahah thanks
User 2: chalo text me when you get free
User 1: okieee
User 2: whose taking all the pics lol
User 1: viduhsi
User 2: lol chalo text me when free i'm having dinner at country inn only
User 1: niceeeee eat bruschetta
User 2: yeah ordered dude parents got perfume fuck
User 1: aiyo are you showing them my photos?
User 2: obviously not na. why will i
User 1: why not
User 2: should i show
User 1: sure why not
User 2: nooo i can't just show out of nowhere weird hai how are you allowed to drink wtf
User 1: firangi ppl are playing instruments why not
User 2: wow do your parents know
User 1: yaa
User 2: man this is not done
User 1: see viduhsis snap status on whatsapp mahima is there in that what happened?
User 2: i want my parents to make me drink i don't have her number send
User 1: even snap he's there wassup kya scene boss i had two mojitos strong
User 2: how tipsy i'm tog free only you're getting lindt too lol
User 1: jen this is getting out of handddd
User 2: last thing promise ignore jt just assume i gave the gifts
User 1: peace
User 2: how's my tipsy girl such nice pictures dude
User 1: i got 1415 in communication systems i'm good
User 2: wowwww nicee
User 1: mahimans at the same party and i'm texting him instead of talking face to face i'm getting kind of irritated
User 2: why what happened
User 1: ughh i was like why you chuck so much attitude he's like what attitude
User 1: i'm talking properly only i was like thanks haan
User 2: ha toh don't give more bhav he's clearly not being mature
User 1: if i don't then he definitely won't it's like he's a shy rabbutv
User 2: you tried dude
User 1: i should try more
User 2: noo you tried so much already babu
User 1: arreee it's not good i don't like breaking friendships like this what happened?
User 2: y'all have to drinknmore
User 1: hahahahah kyun cut kiya call motu the magic guy here looks like vidit i'm not even kidding
User 2: y'all couldn't hear anything mna is okay party
User 1: noooooo cause i kept the sound low so that others can't hear you dumbass
User 2: jokes on you drink baby
User 1: hahahha jen jen jen
User 2: tell tell tell
User 1: sup hon
User 2: watch horror show netflix new wala too scarry
User 1: no thanks
User 2: so many pictures insta par dalna magic?
User 1: some karan
User 2: have the glenlivet and baileys piyo uaar mujhe bura lag raha hai camera yaar
User 1: kya hai idk i'll get a good shot before leaving
User 2: which
User 1: photo
User 2: kamikaze
User 1: yess
User 2: all the besy
User 1: dude that was the tastiest i've ever had
User 2: dude that was good booze bailey's piya?
User 1: noo
User 2: pagal ladki go back and video call if you can :)))
User 1: heheheh sup jen whatcha upto ?
User 2: chilling with bois harshit is drunk again but all of us are too tired to take his casr sad
User 1: jen i don't want to stay here more
User 2: when will you leave
User 1: monday morning one random lady told me i look beautiful hehe i'm happy
User 2: i meant from the party cosnyou do look very prettt happy little head
User 1: ya came back omg i look so bad comparison mein toh i was looking stunning today doesn't he look a lottttt like vidit ? weed kulfi
User 2: wjat were y'all doing till so late aiyo how's the hangover
User 1: we just got back i got ready to go sleep till then it was 3:30
User 2: lol wow howww
User 1: no hangover dude alcohol was imported lol
User 2: dubai na?
User 1: that and all idk someone told me imported hai i said cool
User 2: hehe
User 1: aiyo spoilt af kids dude
User 2: why
User 1: i asked vaanyas elder brother what did you get for vaanya he's like ipad i was like what ? he's like no no mini ipad then one of them was like nahin i won't go in the bmw mujhe sona hai and usmein main so nahin sakta where are you guys dinnering?
User 2: wtf i've slept in cabs also lol coast asia there is barely anything jain here lol mom is getting bt
User 1: loll hi
User 2: hello. parents left
User 1: they left ? where did you do dinner ?
User 2: yes dinner or lunch
User 1: lunch
User 2: coast asia where you now
User 1: culture gully hi jen whatcha doing ?
User 2: i'm at tito's i'm tupsyyy
User 1: hahah okay have fun tomorrow six i'll come 6pm
User 2: great woohooo kya khaoge dinner mai i'll order and keep
User 1: kuch nahin
User 2: where are the pictures from no day say
User 1: nothing
User 2: harshit and vidit are fighting
User 1: why
User 2: it's fine vidit was being a stupidnvunt cunt and everyone is drunk so harshit over did it
User 1: aiyooo hi jen wassup
User 2: hello sorry i didn't reply last night intense it was tito's looted us dude hehe fun night my dad was like where the fuck is priyanka drom because of her accent and i told him all the places and he he's like oh then it's fine mom invited her to the wedding after that lol
User 1:  she didn't invite me dude why'd she invite priyanka scam
User 2: she didn't meet you na she was like dikshuta see kab milayega lol
User 1: baad mein abhi nahin lol
User 2: blur the surroundings
User 1: haan kiya
User 2: don't know caption ya
User 1: sansa type dress hai got ka bol de
User 2: no 
User 1: hai haan cape with those long sleeves
User 2: lolll
User 1: jen i fixed it with mahiman
User 2: i don't know dude nothing comes to head after seeing it good
User 1: it's like i made a new best friend 
User 2: best friend no thanks
User 1: lol ab toh bana diya pehle bolna tha 
User 2: what did you say
User 1: i scolded him for two days third day he spoke so i was like peace he's damn young dude
User 2: eh i'm not so open about you 2. just keep it non awkward nothing more
User 1: arre jen stay peaceful bro type hai
User 1: lol chill chill
User 2: i don't like it period. do what you want
User 1: i have to get ready
User 2: when will you leave for airport
User 1: chal ttyl 8:30
User 2: okay byr
User 1: i left hehe
User 2: helu direct flight?
User 1: noo via bangalore it's colldddd
User 2: how much time layover
User 1: i was wearing a dress na yesterday i was feeling so cold one hour
User 2: what's the temp there
User 1: colddddd idk 2829 local weather twenty-one hai night ka 1617
User 2: i'm bunking last two lectures
User 1: bunk
User 2: this week is going to be so bad
User 1: lol i'll be home by five
User 2: like till end sems it's just bar
User 1: go like my photo on instagram
User 2: i shall somiya didn't change her seat fuck
User 1: not the message go like the pictureee
User 2: i wanted to sit next to divya urvh i liked baby
User 1: sit with sahil ?
User 2: he has his own group no scene
User 1: sit with rishabh ?
User 2: ill have to do that onky he'll come on wednesday
User 1: acha okay
User 2: till then arusha and revati i guess fucking hell man
User 1: who did you sit with acha are they interesting ?
User 2: there was no need for such awkwardness they just gossip about people i don't know so no
User 1: maybe there was is there anything you haven't told me about this entire thing something i should know?
User 2: no da i didn't even touch her
User 1: okie
User 2: i mean one thing that i told her, that even she didn't register in her head, was that it was just a physical crush.
User 1: as in?
User 2: physical attraction
User 1: hmm
User 2: not emotional type
User 1: theek hai
User 2: ugly motherfucjing hoe cunt good riddance it seens chut love you when's your flight baby
User 1: now boarding started .
User 2: fly safe come sooonnn
User 1: thank you
User 2: sawwww
User 2: did you just read it
User 1: no i read it once a year since class nine
User 2: wtf
User 1: or ten
User 2: you didn't tell ne
User 1: i don't renege remember abhi bola na
User 2: fair enough diksbita wednesday i have two labs then assessment then assignments the lab end sems and then end sems drd
User 1: relax time hai take it one at a time mom promised me hong kong disneyland in 9.5 else swarovski earrings in 9 both in 9.7
User 2: ducking good bargain i think in winter?
User 1: no may june july
User 2: but internship
User 1: haan theek hai na chill kar jen
User 2: go 9.7
User 1: hahaha mazaak hai 9.3 max hong kong mil jayega
User 2: only 9.5 0.2 mai hong kong chalajayega
User 1: okk
User 2: chalo text me when you land
User 1: haan what are you doing?
User 2: i'll complete my lab manual. then got. then lunch and then study till you come
User 1:  ok
User 2: then frozen
User 1: hmm
User 2: what huh it was your idea
User 1:  keep it downloaded
User 2: it's already downloaded
User 1: hmm hmm hmm netflix
User 2: you say hmm one more time and i'll cut you
User 1: aww
User 2: why aren't you flying
User 1: departure time is 11:10 abhi time hai
User 2: come oubg
User 1: lol no utna charge nahin hai and my dinner is out today pranjal came first in eee uska treat hai so it will be possible to get back in right ?
User 2: come early from there then
User 1: yaa i'll be back by ten i guess
User 2: try earlier ten the thing shuts or around that time
User 1: haan okay i'll come before
User 2: sort
User 1: peeche se jump nahin kar sakte ?
User 2: yeah but then they shut the basement ka gates na
User 1: ohhh
User 2: that's why can't get through
User 1: okkk
User 2: you have to be very thin to get through
User 1: okay jen
User 2: your boobs wont fit
User 1:  see you sweetie first flight
User 2: love you 
User 1: love you too   jennnn i got fifteen !!!!!! in psa hehe
User 2: ohhh noice keep the total up woohoo
User 1: hehe yaaaaaaaa hehhehehe i cancelled dinner
User 2: get krispy kreme from bangalore why da
User 1: i asked pranjal who is coming he's like abhi toh bas hum dono hai i was like wait what ? then i said achaaaa i'm feeling damn tiredddd some other day plsss
User 2: ohh datee cancel hogaya
User 2: lonely boy he is
User 1: hahah noo
User 2: you know what he stinks of
User 1: apparently no one else asked him lol jen
User 2: aksed him what
User 1: be charming it's fine for treat lol
User 2: i was making such a nice joke da 
User 1: no jen
User 2: fine you don't hear my awesome joke accha listen first go to block and drop off your bags then pack chotu bag for tonight then peechese aana okayuy
User 1: no i can't do that once i get into the block i'm there for tonight cause they notice
User 2: oh right shit hmm accha then come till pp i'll take your bags then you climb peechese no shit you'll come in a car urgh accha sign in
User 1: hahaha
User 2: then after the fat guard leaves you sign out and then jump
User 1: they don't stop me when i come in a car
User 2: that's late at night na rn fat guard will be there .
User 1: which one haan bought jennnn ssup listen to this song hehe our lab exam dates came our classes will be done by 9th november  you slept or what? why no talk i'll not reach before six then also ? jen i landed
User 2: helloo i just woke up
User 1: good morning
User 2: that journey was quick
User 2: he'll leave much later i can't hear it same my last lab is on 9th only sooh today arusha invited me for her birthday party on 9th
User 1: what to do now then
User 2: don't know why
User 1: to go to pp or block
User 2: just come and sign in normally pp
User 1: okk
User 2: send me your location
User 1: live location shared
User 2: it's not updating da where you atttt
User 1: close
User 2: okay updated
User 1: check again
User 2: haas what you wanna do for dinner babu
User 1: anything is fine i'm not feeling good
User 2: aww accha you'll have a bath ns when you comen it's been a long travelling dayy
User 1: no i'm sleepy i'll wash my face max
User 2: aww okay then i'll have a bath now only :'(
User 1: aww sweetie hi hi 
User 2: hello the
User 1: at least my voice recognition works i am using it right now let's see if you can reply correctly dumbo
User 2: yeah my voice recognition works as well
User 1: jen my paper seeing is tomorrow at 11:30 10:30 utha dena pls don't make sound
User 2: awww hows it going
User 1: fifteen fourteen 13.5 12.5 eleven
User 2: kya descending order noice 6th?
User 1: mila nahin
User 2: where you noww
User 1: classss eighty nahin hoga sad
User 2: why da
User 1: chilling with peeps
User 2: lunch?
User 1: ate
User 2: lies
User 1: i did
User 2: what you are itna fast
User 1: i had cheese pau bhaji
User 2: accha fine dude
User 1: dudette
User 2: harshit might go for an eminem concert
User 1: hmm
User 2: what do i get
User 1: but you didn't win
User 2: dudette was never really used dudine was used and then became obsolete
User 1: so
User 2: hence i win
User 1: no fallen into disuse means obsolete only jen jen jen attending or not?
User 2: i entered late then i sat down and he removed us for talking so we're going to drink
User 1:  where? bunking next lecture? jenn
User 2: no i'm tipsy af
User 1: loll where are you gone alone ? i have only one more class lol
User 2: arusha and anushka ehyyy
User 1: hahah i'll come
User 2: dabeli
User 1: ok at 3:30 i'll go to see paper sup where are you
User 2: gello class he's showing papers pe ones death
User 1: i'm bored
User 2: last lecture then papersss chill jaro
User 1: what are you even saying how did you get tipsy in an hour aiyo
User 2: i drank a quarter i'm not tipsy everything is clear fu
User 1: ok
User 2: i got 10.5 in pe too good
User 1: arreee wah you we're expecting it to be worse than evs pagal
User 2: checking was too lenient so i didn't even bother fighting for marks
User 1:  good good start mugging up more you went to class ?
User 2: yeah yeah i don't mug diskhtia understand dabeli you must get for me
User 1: where are you jen
User 2: class you donr?
User 1: soon to be done but i have to go see paper at three i'll call you you come
User 2: you said 3:30
User 1: no da three
User 2: ay ya let's see chalo otherwise give me thoda money too hungry i am
User 1: okkk i came 2nd
User 2: how much you got
User 1: eleven she didn't give any marks for formula
User 2: seventy-seven is nice only
User 1: arre yaar
User 2: what's highest
User 1: this close to eighty jen eighty pranjal got
User 2: lol
User 1: then me
User 2: it's fine congratulations babu i so hungry
User 1: chal let's go kya khana hai cafeteria come
User 2: it's too late na
User 1: i'll buy you mausambi
User 2: you're not even answering your phone fuck it i'm not coming
User 1: i said come
User 2: arre i wanted to confirm i came till 1st floor also
User 1: aiyo hi jen wassup let me know when you cross 13tg i can't come to collect my stuff today but tomorrow i will come jen where are you sweetie jennie
User 2: hello
User 1: hi i left my retainers in your house and my lens car case
User 2: shit now what
User 1: now nothing i'll come collect tomorrow lens solution toh i found retainers only that's fine i guess i have to get used to sleeping without it
User 2: no why dude i love you m otu
User 1: i love you too are you feeling fine emotionally you don't seem upto it jen sab theek hai? jen sab theek hai na do you want to talk over dinner ?
User 2: i'm not even bad it's cool dw i love you end sems coming so just focus like i'll focus
User 1: okk
User 2: sorry, can't talk now
User 1: watch se answer kiya lol
User 2: yeah   hello
User 1: hi jenit missed video call
User 2: so i've decided
User 1: what
User 2: im gonna try my best to ruin somiyas manipal experience
User 1: no you will not get over it jenit
User 2: try and stop me
User 1: don't act like a child
User 2: .
User 1: i hate this side of you
User 2: it only comes out when i'm truly hurt
User 1: i don't understand why and how some other girl is so important that you're willing to ruin your and my peace after it are you fucking sure it was just a physical attraction do whatever the fuck you want jen
User 2: i trusted her soo much. she know almost everything about me and then so easily she cut the connection and more over called me good riddance
User 1: i have class this is why you shouldn't read screenshots now you're just proving her right
User 2: this is the reason and that's all
User 1: it's not expected from you do what you want
User 2: go attend your class yep by e i'm sorry
User 1: you're hurting me a lot jenit
User 2: how
User 1: so much malice for someone else who isn't even your friends i'm toh here na
User 2: i know dikshita it's just that i haven't been this hurt since a long time
User 1: i know what is right
User 2: and i'm vengeful
User 1: and you should too you're not a child stop trying to take revenge from someone who doesn't care
User 2: it's just not right. everytime i get such bt with friends. no one around me breaks friendship i suffer all the time truw
User 1: and stop making her more important than me i don't like this and if she is then you tell me i will gracefully leave don't simply break my heart everyday it's not done what you're doing is not right you should be able to tell the difference between right and wrong no matter how vengeful you are and chi why be vengeful what's done is done let it go talk to me when you're over her jen
User 2: i'm already done urgh
User 1: hahah aaja
User 2: they won't leave na why aren't you sleeping
User 1: hehe pubg
User 2: chalo khelo i'll come fast
User 1: comeee jennnn come
User 2: i'm walking back only i don't like dikshu pikshu can i change it where are youuuu arre why did you go offline 
User 1: wait
User 2: what happened
User 1: divya is chilling with me
User 2: ohh okayy have fun
User 1: missed video call haan text when free preferably at eleven you told divya i was homesick is it ?
User 2: no wrd wtf why what happened
User 1: lol so that i am free
User 2: matlab
User 1: eleven pm yesterday so that i am free i had to go meet divya at that time
User 2: this i was asking
User 1: so you would've reminded me oh pranjal told her dude she asked me if i was feeling depressed
User 2: wtf does he meddle for what did you say
User 1: ugh i said no jen sweet boy but overstepping
User 2: you could have spoken about it to her also na exactlt
User 1: arre i don't like talking about anything to anyone i feel extremely uncomfortable kyunki koi samajhta nahin hai jen i know divya
User 2: divya is so mistaken about the last message lol
User 1: she's not that time type  to sympathize or anything
User 2: main samjhta hu
User 1: okay thanks jen isliye tumko bola okay i have lab ttyo ttyl  i don't fucking feel like attending class
User 2: ai man tell this pranjal that if you wanted to tell him you would have told him. itna overstepping doesn't feel right aiyo subeh subeh fucking boldiya it's okay baby come home and study with me instead or sleep i think we should try again studying together i somehow feel it might work now
User 1: his heart was in the right place we can't be so objective yes pls i really really don't want to stay alone i'm feeling damn irritated with this semester abhi bas khatam ho jae ghar jaaongi main today is fine cause dinner even couple of days now cause i have submission i got throat infection i can feel it coming shit
User 2: i'll make you green tea your throat might just heal dikshitaa my dick burns when i put water on it like wash it
User 1: oh god why ? condom use kiya na get it checked at kmc first half off hai na go now
User 2: yesterday nothing was there i'll wait it out i don't want to show my dick to doctors are you coming home today hellooo
User 1: hii
User 2: where are you .
User 1: i was doing project no today i can't i told you na dinner is there
User 2: but before that we'll study together
User 1: hahah okay
User 2: attending lectures?
User 1: yess have assignment probably have to go and collect components for the project after class
User 2: what time you'll be free by
User 1: i won't be na class till 5.30 six we'll go to get the things
User 1: seven tak we'll be back i'll get ready and dinner at eight when will i come to meet you ?
User 2: but i want to be with touh
User 1: hahah
User 2: from where you have to get the components
User 1: come to collect components with me lol i'll tell these guys to not come
User 2: from whete
User 1: tesla wait let me check if tesla is open till then haan it's open till eight
User 2: theek hai after 5:30 we'll go
User 1: okk wait let me ask team if they don't want to come look lol
User 2: arre just tell them i'll go and get it no one wants to do mehnet
User 1: lol you'll be surprised 
User 2: that's cos they get to hang out with a hot girl lol
User 1: they're all girls
User 2: lesbians this still makes sense  dude
User 2: cheer leader effect
User 1: for me?? you think i'm regina ?
User 2: if she is hot i don't remember
User 1:  i think we will need two microcontrollers it's a big project i didn't realise
User 2: woab nice let me know if i can come to tesla
User 1: yeahv love you too  pls mera laptop leke aana abhi daal de
User 2: han baby you have the charger na
User 1: ya but charge it and get if you can
User 2: okay i got 14.5 in the last one nice
User 1: what the hell how much you cried cry baby
User 2: last paper i told you i'll get good fu
User 1: awwww 14.5 is fab no good job
User 2: i'm done with classes
User 1: what???? you're waiting or going?
User 2: i had assignment na i'm eating then i'll wait
User 1: okay eat eat haan okay cause i cancelled others ka now no choice hehe what are you eating?
User 2: mfc
User 1: okay i'll come you wait
User 2: helllo
User 1: plot twist nethraa came with her mttn friend divya didn't invite her 
User 2: sadist aiyo
User 2: so she is sitting with the friend only or whag
User 1: yes lol i buried burped hi jen why no reply you should be worried about me i like it
User 2: but you with the girls
User 1: hehe
User 2: i'm fine with that na but how tipsy kya piya
User 1: but you can reply oh shit
User 2: arre i didn't see
User 1: cocktail
User 2: which
User 1: tequila i forgot
User 2: bapre tequila kya
User 1: it had tequila vodka gin white rum
User 2: you spent too much since you came back na lollll
User 1: cranvettey juice
User 2: woah
User 1: divyas dad is here jen
User 2: what ohhh
User 1: she didn't invite anyone apart from sriya upach and i so don't feel bad
User 2: i know yeah yeah it's fine
User 1: not even dhruv and all yaa or harshit
User 2: no other guys are there so it's chill how come drinking with dad
User 1: yaa only like this i can't feel my fingertips
User 2: so that drunk nicee hahahah
User 1: kyaaaa hai uff attention do aaj hot mein jen jen jen 
User 2: picture mahi bheje i want to see you hot
User 1: nahinnn mujhe akele nahinnn
User 2: kyaa
User 1: kya
User 2: i feel naughty hot picsss dikshitaaaa
User 1: jen jen jen bad boy not before eleven
User 2: eottttttt mai
User 1: yessss woohoo pee
User 2: i'm so hard
User 1: huh but what ? but i'm drunk how you hard ?
User 2: i'm waiting for your pictures
User 1: eleven pm i promise
User 2: eott
User 2: let's be naughty
User 1: eortttttt what i can't understand
User 2: bathroom mai jakar hehe
User 1: thanks best for auto correct wtffffffffffffff i will send you my fav sex story
User 2: noo i want you only
User 1: oooh i sent
User 2: didn't get not old ones
User 1: but i naughty too
User 2: so go nowwwww
User 1: jen jen jen. not possible divyas papa
User 2: yes possible tell you have to pee haha dikshitaaaq
User 1: hahahah eleven pm
User 2: can't wait now now now
User 1: aiyioooooooo
User 2:  be naughtyyyy it's been a while since we have done anything naughty
User 1: jennnn i love you jen i can't jen
User 2: i love you tooo
User 1: divya said no
User 2: okay no for washroom 
User 1: ya cause we just went before you called she says no to text also eleven pm
User 2: okay
User 2: hi
User 1: hi jen muah 
User 1: finally i finished i can still feel the vibrations good one jen
User 2: good one at you drunk little cutie i love youuu
User 1: i love you too jen i will never leave you always remember jen real and complex aib hehe ib lol
User 2: such nice pictures
User 1: hehe why you don't want to talk to me i'm tipsy you kaur must
User 2: your voicenotes are the beta best
User 1: hehe they're tiny pep talks
User 2: good no shi
User 1: ?? i didn't get you buddy
User 2: god
User 1: you don't believe in me?
User 2: i love you so much i believe in you you went upstairs lol you sleep or you'll miss tomorrow
User 1:  opportunity missed
User 2: what didn't understand
User 1: think
User 2: tell
User 1: i have no clue what this means but people are laughing on the group so it must be funny
User 2: your class is lame this is wrong
User 1: this is funnier than the terrible dank tale
User 2: lol true chalo i'm sleeping i have to wake up at five
User 1: jen jen jen dumb boy
User 2: i'm listening wait
User 1: ok
User 2: make notes that's why five
User 1: ooooo9h okay jen good night ily
User 2: i love you too you're in class na
User 1: no i couldn't
User 2: loll
User 1: i missed assignment
User 2: oh shit now what
User 1: i didn't miss
User 1: these guys where doing to tp
User 2: happened with me too lol first assignment was so lol didn't even know the chapter pe ka assignment now assignment again i left ha i have lab test so i'll go study for that aced it hello where did you go
User 1: jen i'm going mad
User 2: what happened
User 1: the software isn't proper with the development board
User 2: can't even change now na ask him for exchange
User 1: nooo nothing else is available
User 2: now what
User 1: now we will download stuff idk man i'm writing the core
User 2: you know that syntax it's different na what you do
User 1: die he asked us to leave the lab
User 2: you left right now?!
User 1: ya
User 2: bapree so tired my girl did you have dinner
User 1: eating
User 2: call meee
User 1: act seventeen thousand and eighty-two
User 2: what
User 1: i applied for rank certificate
User 2: why
User 1: let's find out
User 2: whay tell
User 1: missed video call oh shittttt missed video call this is toooooo funny in the end i can't believe he said quick cashhh till then it actually sounded genuine 
User 2: haina frame it dude
User 1: hahaha
User 2: dude i had only katli for dinner
User 1: why ? missed video call jen wait poorvi is calling i will tell you to come to pubg im going to write like this from now on deal with it jen
User 2: okwyyy my sisters pre wedding pictures came
User 1: send it to me i don't think i can pubg im feeling damn tired
User 2: sleep 
User 1: i might have to write the code now too
User 2: morning na i'll wake you up
User 1: okay jen pls don't wake me up before 9:30
User 2: 9:30 i'll call
User 1: okay one pubg?
User 2: i'm 70s showing
User 2: why aren't you sleeping
User 1: jen jen jen this poorvi has too many doubts just solving
User 2: for assignments?
User 1: for writing the code i'm going to rewrite tomorrow there can't be two swords in a scabbard nicely i was sleeping idk why i woke up ufff jen jen jen i die bye bye
User 2: uti woke you?
User 1: no thank god why did you wake up so early it's like seven i'm toh going back to sleep
User 2: i have lab at nine
User 1: ok go go sweet boy i love you jen have a good day babu
User 2: i love you tooo you sleep na
User 1: i really must sleep haaannn gn i miss you
User 2: did you wake up
User 1: yes oh my god this is the most extra thing i've ever seen omg the hat says mr and mrs i'm dying soooooo cuteeeee hahahahah fun scandalous
User 2: the photoshoot thing is now a tradition loll
User 1: vv scandalous
User 2: send to mummy lol
User 1: hahahhahah
User 2: we've done way more lol
User 1: i'll show her when i'm there those are private photoshoots
User 2: i'm there matlab? nooooo these are for wedding they will be released
User 1: as in ?
User 2: most of them at least
User 1: but they're kissing each other allowed hai yeh sab ? shaadi ke pehle ? so pretty your sister is looking totally overshadowed jinks i don't think i would've passed your mom's judgement if i showed up like this i'll meet her after some five years toned body and parlour done hair
User 2: they are just posing na
User 1: and no dark circles
User 2: true af will happen with mr too lolll you would dw yayyyy ha woh toh hai
User 1: jinks is just like why is this happening oh wait my to be wife looks cute haan
User 1: one look at my nails and she will reject me dude what is this i'm scared shit i have to start grooming arre i don't know how to put makeup aiyiooo
User 2: this will be a close one who was going to teach you i forgot
User 1: that small girl
User 2: ria?
User 1: ya
User 2:  someone else was gonna teach na where are you
User 1: class
User 2: you didn't reply i sad
User 1: i replied
User 2: one thousand, one hundred and twenty ko
User 1: i replied here also i replied i'm damn worried about the project
User 2: it's fine you're doing mehnat hoga sab
User 1: sup whatcha doing today do you want to chill tonight netflix and chill
User 2: what timeee
User 1: after six
User 2: come
User 1: coming by 5:30 i'll be there hi jen wassup how's life
User 2: i woke up rn life is blurry
User 1: haha i'll come by six only
User 2: no come fast
User 1: jenn if you wake up early tomorrow and decide to go for a walk or something can you please buy drotin ds tablets for me and bring pls vidushi said to try it and now i'm desperate af
User 2: i'm not gonna leave the house cos i'm gonna practice for lab but i'll try fuck who dropped you last night i think i just slept fuck sorry baby
User 1: okk it's fine
User 2: good morning babu i got assigned a student buddy lol
User 1: hari om.  in my dream mom saw my hickey
User 2:  what did he say she
User 1: she said look what she is doing in college jen i think i have fever vidushi is telling to get test done for uti aiyo i can't even get up
User 2: what kind of test baby
User 1: ultra sonography
User 2: you want to get it done?
User 1: no yesterday what medicine i took usse abhi bahut better hai abhi this fever ka problem is happening
User 2: so should i get the new wala medicine today or no
User 1: noo
User 2: ask for thermometer and check
User 1: no need han i'll do but i'm so tired
User 2: how you feeling baby
User 1: just whatevers
User 2: lunch?
User 1: i ate
User 2: good now study then rest for a while then video call or place with me
User 1: jennn i'm tired but there's a lot to study
User 2: but you said you'll finish on time anways so take it slowl today
User 1: ya i can't waste a sunday no
User 2: ha so do littlen it's fine
User 1: i have assignment baby siddharth is sending somiya to collect books
User 2: lol it won't be awkward it's all done now
User 1: ya i know what are you doing?
User 2: studying waiting for lunch
User 1: oh okay
User 2: subway
User 1: why waiting oh
User 2: and chocolate lava cake 
User 1: mangayaa nice aww cutie
User 2: you're my sweet tooth too hehe
User 1:   we died it's okay
User 2: i was almost done healing up ya
User 1: arreee
User 2: i think we're getting three hundred off on dominoes lol
User 1: waaaah thirty minutes ho gaya ? kal ka piece khaya?
User 2: that was my breakfast lol
User 1: aww cutie there's no water in the hostel for shower
User 2: lollll how come come here if you want i'll take care of chota baby
User 1: noooooo i can't come i have to wear a bra
User 2:  don't wear and come keep bag aage
User 1:  i can't today
User 2: accha chalo then wash your face and get back tonworkkk
User 2: not doing tp na
User 1: both fun and tp i prepared two subjects but both won't happen tomorrow
User 2: tomorrow ka karo ma pagal first come first serve
User 1: i don't understand anything in that na starting se end tak pura karna padega
User 2: toh you won't do? i underestimated the portion lol lagging behind
User 1: aiyooo
User 2: fifteen pages left then i want to do lab work also
User 1: full day free you were fifteen pages not that much one hour lagega i'll do
User 2: no i made notes and after all that fifteen pages left i have to make notes also aww good girl cute
User 1: hehe you also do i'm seeing padman
User 2: don't study or 70s show
User 1: i did psa also three down three to go i should probably do the subject which is going to happen tomorrow  kya tum mujhse baat karna chahte ho ? pubg ?
User 2: hello sorry i was studying sorry for shouting
User 1: you are stupid come to plat vidit is waiting
User 2: i'll study now
User 1: okk hey jen you done?
User 2: helloo yes i'm done
User 1: hiii yay
User 2: i started 70s show
User 1: me too
User 2: no one wants to fifa
User 1: lollllll
User 2: last subject done?
User 1: yeahhh little doubts i had that in class i can clear
User 2: good only then too much you did today good one dik
User 1: yaa i work well on off days else i get too tired and bored
User 2: i'm so sleepy what you do
User 1: 70s showwwwwww
User 2: good one the story becomes better
User 1: good morning
User 2: i woke up at seven hundred and forty-five late for the assignment shit arre what were you saying
User 1: can't come today
User 2: i was saying for break what are you doing
User 1: yaa i'll meet you af calss
User 2: i can't understand where are you da what you do where you 
User 1: sorry sorry i'll meet you after class
User 2: did you attend every thing? i'm already home lol
User 1: every thing
User 2: aww how you feeling call me when you go back
User 1: emergency meal at
User 2: with whom?
User 1: you
User 2: i don't understand anything you're saying since morning please be clear it's irritating
User 1: jen what are you not understanding this how was your assignment? major drama in class
User 2: it was good how was yours
User 1: bad
User 2: what was this aww it's okay
User 1: i wanted to go eat machines nachos
User 2: did you go tell
User 1: no i'm in bharat for dominoes
User 2: dominoes in bharat? wtf with class people?
User 1: poorvi onto only
User 2: .
User 1: yes
User 2: . mcdonald's you mean?
User 1: no dominoes
User 2: when did this happen aiyo you won't go back to room?
User 1: i will wait jen
User 2: for whay why are you being so inaccurate text properly urghhh
User 1: ughhh i have work jen i will call you when i'm free
User 2: yes please you're beautiful ke baad kya likha tha batao
User 1: yaad nai
User 2: jhutti bol
User 1: aiyo i told you i didn't read
User 2: ha
User 1: it was basically stuff like i've fallen for you and all i read something's and he shut the book i couldn't ask to see it again na and then there was something about i don't want this to affect our friendship cause of my stupidity
User 2: you deleted this message you're too mature. so this would toh happen anyway
User 1: jen pls stop it there's no need to be weird or insecure okay there are bigger things in life people are dying of hunger in africa
User 2: i mean i saw it coming so i'm not this lol catch up on 70s showwww
User 1: watching that
User 2: text me when you done with your quotavhehe
User 1: heheh im not
User 2: good na  harshit is already drunk lol he's getting bt he can't get a single make up
User 1: why not?
User 2: he booked everything for his trip na
User 1: lollllllllll he wont gt na hes been studying
User 2: yes but this is critical time na not everyone is done like you  bade log
User 1: yes it is hahah im not doneee
User 2: lies bad girl
User 1: arre jen i love you cutie pi
User 2: i love you toooo you drank?
User 1: no drinks
User 2: isn't everyone forcing you
User 1: no drinks at the party jennnn they're not sponsoring drinks
User 2: loll how many people are there
User 1: fourteen
User 2: noice chalo text me later
User 1: haaaan
User 2: remember you asked me which super hero i wanted to be
User 1: i asked you what power you want to have but okay
User 2: haan toh matlab which super hero you'll have to be i want to be goku
User 1: who tf is goku jen jen jen jen
User 2: how was dinner
User 1: funnnnn damn nice dude
User 2: why so nice kya hua
User 1: simple party good dinner eating good food talking normal things taking case hehe
User 2: how come you lked the food it was so. ad bad
User 1: did you like the picture? cute na? it was fine i had fine
User 2: yes post karlo
User 1: heheheeh nooo
User 2: kyu not close na
User 1: its not that good dude jen i miss you when will you meet me ?
User 2: tomorrow baby break mai or come home in the morning
User 1: haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan no i cnt
User 2: cute
User 1: i have to go to the laaaab
User 2: what time
User 1: ten before that i must sleep
User 2: sad
User 1: break mein i cant i have tostudy for assignment
User 2: come home early morning 
User 1: can i come home tomorrow evening? after class
User 2: i have end sem lab tomorrow
User 1: you study
User 2: so only morning
User 1: i will sleep oh shit
User 2: and then sleep here
User 1: hahahahah
User 2: day after i mean
User 1: no
User 2: come na
User 1: haan i got it i cant come to sleep shyaam ko like that day you had to work and i slept with one hand on your bellyyyy :(
User 2: ha okay then come
User 1: haaaaaan yayyyy
User 1: dotn worry i will not annpy ypu yayyyy i love you jen youre so cute like a teddy you study now i got a cough you know full throat gine headache and all
User 2: green tea
User 1: im too tired to go get my head hurts
User 2: i sleep now
User 1: that food is giving me bt
User 2: you sleep now
User 1: oh shit
User 2: why
User 1: no wonder my stomach feels funny i felt vomtish after eating
User 2: it's bad i told you
User 1: i thought it was cause i ate too much ' ughh annoying
User 2: is okay just sleep 
User 1: yaaa gn sweetie  ily
User 2: i love you
User 1: i misssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
User 2: you too
User 1: you online? how come go study taliban
User 2: messed up i'm sure most of it was very true also bad quality when i zoom in you become blurred but nice good morning lovely
User 1: okk good morning i'm pooping babu my stomach is hurting so much
User 2: answerrr
User 1: stupid bacchus
User 2: loll poop and then call
User 1: okk missed video call kya jen pehle bole call karne phir phone nahin uthate my poop is bad i got food poisoning
User 2: hello my 1pm class got cancelled means some other teacher will take the se assignment death can't copy then chalo aiyo milo
User 1: aiyi three assignments i told you na !!
User 2: sab assignments over?
User 1: no
User 2: one more at 4:30? bapre
User 1: yes
User 2: accha do that i'll go home and wait for you text harshit come with him only
User 1: nnooo
User 2: where are you 
User 1: room dad had work wait jen i'm coming
User 2: okayyy
User 1: jen come down pls
User 2: goodnight honey
User 1: you sleeping whyyyy seeeeee missed video call
User 2: wow that actually cool
User 1: i couldn't wake up for class shit
User 2: lolllo go for 9am
User 1: i slept at three dude
User 2: you'll get time for breakfast
User 1: fuck too excited for project
User 2: you were coding?
User 1: so much is working also yaaaa i'll go now i have assignment shit
User 2: fuck runnnn i'm bunking first half lol
User 1: this photo was taken by the argentine engineer dylan, only eighteen years old. missed video call
User 2: dikshitaaa exam now
User 1: i called all the best babu do well  kaisa tha jen? aap phone nahin kiye baby
User 2: hello just got out they check individually so takes time
User 1: kaisa tha ????
User 2: question they have was wrong and i read the question wrong so i did wrong studd
User 1: oh god then ?
User 2: but then i told him that in order to it to work it has to be my way so got it correct and then outputs all cane writing main thoda i might have messednup
User 1: arre wah a milega
User 2: chill tha what you dooo
User 1: proteus i'm trying
User 2: whyyy
User 1: what why to run the program ka simulation
User 2: oh i thought proteus you meant that protein drink lol
User 1: hahahha
User 2: you need protein tho
User 1: nooo seven hundred and thirty dinner
User 2: that's why you feel dizzy all the time
User 1: if you ditch i will be very very anger no i feel dizzy cause my blood pressure is less
User 2: i'm coming da
User 1: this yaaa
User 2: friday lab test and saturday end sem lab 
User 1: haan toh test hai toh dena toh padega itna kya tension babu
User 2: too much to do na
User 1: haaaaan same lab prep ?
User 2: nooo that's the problem na is divya coming i'm next to nethraa and agrim prolly still together shish
User 1: hahaha no divya acha and it's not a dress up date
User 2: i'll wear very nice clothes now toh where is you
User 1: arre no man jen i will be there by 7.30 jen pls come to pick me up thanks
User 2: hey cutie i'm backkkk
User 1: i'm back toooo
User 2: post the pic so nice where you
User 1: hi jen i came back divya is coming for sleepover tonight we're going to watch a chick flick hehe aiyo hehe thanks
User 2: which movie
User 1: the kissing both
User 2: post na
User 1: booth  hehe i will wait
User 2: heard of it
User 1: i'm working on the problem see
User 2: watch johnny english two cool software
User 1: noooooo i have to make this work
User 2: whatbtimenis she coming at
User 1: idk she didn't come back after going
User 2: lol text her na accordingly you code how's it coming
User 1: same problem leave it yaar it's one bt she's feeling sleepy
User 2: toh just sleep now with her
User 1: arre she's not coming down she's up only
User 2: aww are younsad
User 1: naaa ritika is here we're figuring out the project
User 2: ohhh chalo do thag i'm sleeping baby goodnight
User 1: sleeping ? aiyo you should've called babu i just saw my phone 
User 2: you were working na motu
User 1: hehe hehe this has my nana nani and mama
User 2: your mom and nani look so same
User 1: i don't look same?
User 2: you also chinese
User 1: missed video call hehe i'm liking the black and white more tell
User 2: color wala
User 1: hehe so black and white got it thanks !
User 2: aiyo you posted also rude
User 1: awwww
User 2: what you watching
User 1: highway
User 2: what happened with divya she came in the morning?
User 1: yas lunch we had
User 2: such a nice poop
User 1: hi missed video call
User 2: how are tou what did you doooo
User 1: i slept hehe i have to go for dinner treat pranjal is giving for coming first in second year
User 2: where
User 1: he isn't saying let's see i asked who else so he said poorvi so she's coming so it's good
User 2: lolll pata chala date ke liye lekar jaa raha hai
User 1: arre no poorvi will come
User 2: someone will come this is how i asked you for our first date lollll
User 1: no jen i spoke to poorvi why will she ditch me for pranjal
User 2: it's fine da
User 1: how can someone so focused be so childish
User 2: who
User 1: pranjal only
User 2: aiyo chill ab kya karoge aap
User 1: ready dinner toh free hai
User 2: why already why free free you're doing kabka kal bhi pagal kar diya tha mujhe
User 1: hehe
User 2: cute girl aake padhai ha no to today tp
User 1: dude jen poorvi isn't coming she got stomach ache
User 2: loll convenient
User 1: shit man
User 2: you ask him who else is there
User 1: haan i asked he's replying i'll go for my shower anyway i've not taken a bath yet lol
User 2: holidays you get too relaxed
User 1: haan poorvi is coming grace to god
User 2: is it just you 3?
User 1: yessss
User 2: wow this guy just doesn't back off irritating complex tho so eh
User 1:  smart jen jen getting smart
User 2: but dikshita too dumb to be rude you need to start becoming ruder
User 1: i would never everrrr intentionally hurt anyones feeling feelings  no matter how much i hate them not even nethraa i wanted to do
User 2: where are y'all going finally
User 1: i have no fucking clue
User 2: but boundaries thoda respect karneka
User 1: ya obv
User 2: accha you go eat let me know where you are
User 1: haaan freewe konark, udupi
User 2: even i want a car  so that i can take you for drives
User 1: i also want you to get a car so that i can go on drives with you
User 2: shit what to do now urghh lets see you're sitting in the co driver seat na my head is aching
User 1: no wtf no i made poorvi sit there you slept already ? jen jen jen jen missed video call jen you must read a thousand splendid suns it's sooo much emotion
User 2: video is so nice how was the dinner treat
User 1: good treat i didn't sleep well at all
User 2: why babu
User 1: i don't know why my sleep kept breaking throughout the night today you have lab eval na all the best which one ?
User 2: this da lab eval jn second half da
User 1: hehe
User 2: i'm studying for tomorrows lab rn.
User 1: full simulation worked proper
User 2: then sleep then for lab eval
User 1: no class ? wtf
User 2: sawwww
User 1: why no class
User 2: i have enough attendance don't feel like attending or should i
User 1: haan ok ok no no study study but it's last week
User 2: so
User 1: second last week so like no class anyway after that ok i have to attend so got to go shower
User 2: send picture when you done showering :p
User 1: whattt jennn
User 2: you heard me so hot hehe
User 2: dont be naughty
User 1: aiyi i didn't do anything
User 2: do something for me baby game of thrones timeeee what a nice sleep hello where you
User 1: hello class
User 2: you no reply 
User 1: to what??
User 2: to me after your class started would you like to lunch with me
User 1: yes where what to do everyone doesn't have a smart watch na
User 2: phonerrr you say where
User 1: aiyo
User 2: say where
User 1: hadiga
User 2: don't act smart i want dosa type food south indian anything
User 1: oh okay cafeteria
User 2: fine then juice comeeee
User 1: she's taking half an hour more 
User 2: aiyo fine i'll waiy
User 1: i just did the best poop ever good poop great poop good i came when i did otherwise i would've pooped my pants and my pants were grey
User 2: chocolate explosion hehe
User 1: hahah
User 2: when will you come to the campus
User 1: more like spinach soup good cellulose i live on campus
User 2: matlab to ab5 for your project
User 1: three
User 2: till?
User 1: five
User 2: aiyo so late chslo let's see when i get done with lab
User 1: i love you jen you're a cutie putie i'll eat you like a cupcake with creamcheese
User 2: i'd rather eat the cream cheese off you
User 1: hehehehhe
User 2: will now chill before you have start working again
User 1: no no i'm already working
User 2: chal test time bye
User 1: i popped bye
User 2: hello i'm doneeeee
User 1: kaisa tha ? abhi mine is going to start wish me all the best you want to see ?
User 2: you don't have lab today but
User 1: come to ab1 i will show you i have lab all the time
User 2: wait i'm running few errands
User 1: okieee
User 2: i'm going home only babu these people are scaring me for tomorrow's paper dikshita
User 1: dying
User 2: i have already pooped five times again i want to go
User 1: omg
User 2: done
User 1: jen why so much poop i think it's cause you are spicy food
User 2: i am spicy? okay then  sunday konark okay
User 1:  jen you slept? missed video call ok
User 2: nooo
User 1: jennnn wake me up by 8:00 love you sweetie all the best kaisa tha ?
User 2: dikshitaaaa everything was working
User 1: then
User 2: so this one function was supposed to be called twice in different places but i thought only one place it's needed so didn't call it only
User 1: arre so then how everything worked
User 2: question ka english was unclear af no i didn't print the output internally everything was ready
User 1: arre shit then partial output?
User 2: out of four i got three
User 1: oh good only then ! good job !!!
User 2: everyone is getting pura na actually don't know
User 1: arre
User 2: i'll ask then feel better
User 1: everyone wouldn't have got ask again
User 2: i'll smoke up today ha. rudhran is here so everything now
User 1: oh god mad peiple
User 2: kaustubh got beat up by localites loll
User 1: oh god you guys do weird things why did he get beat up i'm pooping it's a good poop
User 2: where you
User 1: pooping it's a long poop
User 2: chalega
User 1: no aww so cute have fun
User 2: so cross faded where are you
User 1: hi jen i was in the lab babydoll everything worked its a good day call me missed video call jen pls call me hello
User 2: hello i just woke up
User 1: aww baby nahin baat kar sakte? jen you call me when you get back if possible you're fine toh ? having fun ? jen jen jen jen jen 
User 2: dude rudhrans parents just found out that he's not in the uae  they thought he went to abu dhabi
User 1: wait what what did they say!????  how did he book his ticket
User 2: that's how he booked he's in too much bt rn
User 1: oh fuck fuck 
User 2: he put his head head down
User 1: aiyo he likes manipal that much awwww he really loves you guys mostly he really loves priyanka what a cutie
User 2: nooo lol he's like i don't wanna meet her
User 1: what an idiot
User 2: so probably won't meet her until rudhran leaves lol
User 1: arre aise kyun mil lo bechari khush ho jaegi awwww you're so tipsy
User 2: tooo crossfaded
User 1: hahaha love you so much sweetie
User 2: i love you too baby
User 1: awwww i miss okay you enjoy yourself be careful keep your phone and wallet in the drawer don't drink and drive don't drink and let drive drink water don't vomit ehh leave it have funnnnnnn 
User 2: i love you
User 1: hello i love you too i like to talk to you okay go have fun
User 2: hello i'm passing out goodnight ilovr you
User 1: bye good night iloveyoutoo pranu is having her bday party today
User 2: gm i sawe such a nice group she has i made harsha drink a shot and beer he did both so nice
User 1:  jen me and the girls are going to the flea market today to do some shopping hehe there's a flea market with jootis and all idk sriya wants to see missed video call call when free sweetie what's the plan jen
User 2: nothing decided waitttttt what are you doing
User 1: nothing i'm waiting for your plan i put my girls on hold
User 2: no no go there then it's fine i'll video call at night also eat foooodddd
User 1: no i don't want to go
User 2: why motu it sounds like fun
User 1: leave it i'll study anyways too much work is there where is the time
User 2: shush go chup chap
User 1: i don't want to go don't do zabardasti got my period
User 2: are you going awww yayyy
User 1: no yaa i want belgian waffle
User 2: what you do then
User 1: 70s show and lab study
User 2: they are making me go to cocks and move
User 1:  are you drunk ? do you want to come to belgian waffle before thattt?
User 2: i'm not going anywhere if i go there then i'll have to drink
User 1: haan okayy so then what are you going to do you're studying ?
User 2: let them leave they are irritating me
User 1: ok
User 2: fuck i'm going
User 1: okay have fun
User 2: i'm taking my phone wish me luck apparently we are going out at night after today so come tomorrow
User 1: i'm not free tomorrow don't leave it at home
User 2: took it now why daaa lab after 530?
User 1: okay don't take it out of your pocket
User 2: .
User 1: i'm tired i wanted belgian waffle go have fun it's fine
User 2: tomorrow??
User 1: i'll see tomorrow ka tomorrow
User 2: don't be sad
User 1: i'm not sad
User 2: i feel bad
User 1: i just want belgian waffle
User 2: kal mere saath
User 1: kal nahin chahiye aaj chahiye leave
User 2: sorry i can't come
User 1: ab nahin chahiye ya i know
User 2: i love youu
User 1: i love you too
User 2: w i'm at deetee i hate it
User 1: come take me to belgian waffle they won't even know you left
User 2: i'm with harshit waiting for others let's see
User 1: okayy
User 2: go alone na
User 1: haan no need
User 2: i love you so much i'm eating yogurt at deetee lol
User 1: ilyt lolll
User 2: 9th we have to go for a party
User 1: okay which party ?
User 2: jeets goosebumps
User 1:  okk
User 2: i don't wanna go ya
User 1: okay then we won't go
User 2: we'll have to
User 1: okay then we will go
User 2: ek kam karo mar do
User 1: aww you're cute like a teddy
User 2: drunk like a homeless mofo
User 1:  put your phone carefully in your pocket
User 2: i'm at home arav and i left dt harshit will be so mad
User 2: vidit and arav are here baby
User 1: okay
User 2: what you do pura din
User 1: i did lab ka learning and watched 70s sure show i cleaned up my phone and room i got my period i cried cause no belgian waffles
User 2: actually? why phone
User 1: no but i was very very close cause i wanted to re-download pubg
User 2: aww baby
User 1: i just really wanted belgian waffles
User 2: when did you delete why da how about tomorrow
User 1: no i wanted today now the day is over now tomorrow i will see what i want cause no space dumbo you should learn morse code i already know it
User 2: by heart you know? i shall be there
User 1: ya obviously
User 2: let me knowwww
User 1: rudhran is not calling you for drinks? why are you so busy dude arre
User 2: harshit has end sem so no one will go cce people have i love you na
User 1: call me when you're free
User 2: i'm not busy i'm just to drunk to talk what to do
User 1: aiyooo sleep off sweetie gn
User 2: i love you so much
User 1: fine have fun with your friend s
User 2: aiyo
User 1: jen i realllllyyyyy missed you today meet me in the break tomorrow if you can actually nvm i'll be having assignment what about after class 12:30? pls haan
User 2: i'm not coming to college only sweety i'll meet you at pragati in the evening hello good morning wake up
User 1: i wrote assignment also lol
User 2: wow more assignments?
User 1: no no no more
User 2: ezpz why attend the rest then
User 1: cause class omg bad influence
User 2: must use time valuably who is it
User 1: a cutie
User 2: someone got it?
User 1: no it's just the cutie i'm very tired what are you doing?
User 2: rick and morty lol wanna come home?
User 1: after lab what's your plan today ?
User 2: kuch nahi bas study aap bhi karna aakar
User 1: okayyy i'll come by 6tg six
User 2: earlyyyyy
User 1: jen i'm dying and i have too much to study pls call for some food anything will do one cheese pizza
User 2: dominoes?
User 1: yes pls
User 2: garlic bread? chocolate lava?
User 1: no extra oregano divya is vv drunk
User 2: with whom did she go
User 1: class boys
User 2: acha you tell now
User 1: wait lol let me get her phone abhi it's too funny
User 2: heheheh where did she goo
User 1: zeal
User 2: wah nice i have a nerd meme for you
User 1: i have two earphones from your house heheh i got it
User 2: vidits i think
User 1: oops
User 2: apratim and vasvi again
User 1: really ? lol ya they were coming back from a party today call me i think i'm dying of heart attack you slepy ? i was watching 70s show i jk pranu found new boy jen kuch nahin toh kal pls belgian waffles oh you have to see off rudhran also acha let me know what time you're free
User 2: you might have rishabs earphones 9pm we'll go twll
User 1: ya i do hi jen i'm awake idk how i slept so much
User 2: wtf did you just wake up
User 1: yes i slept late okay i was doing end sem prep
User 2: till what time babu
User 1: 3:30 hi jen call me
User 2: bapre are you going to tanisbas place
User 1: yes 5ish then hockey ground at seven what is your plan? you're invited for the five pm pam plan
User 2: to tanishas place? why
User 1: missed video call jen she invited us at least we should go for a little while acha and what's your plan for today pls tell me i have to plan accordingly i had such a good dream everyone was there legit everyone
User 2: 5pm i'll come then i'll leave
User 1: okk before that?
User 2: then we'll go to belgian waffles at o i'll study and have a bath now
User 1: there's going to be poker and all
User 2: woohoo
User 1: what's rudhrans plan today?
User 2: no plan with him i think just smoke up
User 1: oh okay dekh lo
User 2: i'll come at five we'll go together
User 1: okie
User 2: what should i wear
User 1: wear a nice clean shirt with jeans put your watch and shave pls i will bless you hi honey have you left?
User 2: nooo waittt no shave rest i'll do
User 1: okay pls leave fast i'm ready okay text me when you are in the auto okay jen
User 2: what you doing
User 1: playing mafia
User 2: nicee
User 1: has he left ?
User 2: nooo you're done there kya
User 1: acha okay no no but i don't want to stay here anymore it's fun and all but i want food
User 2: dw we'll go
User 1:  nine pm pls has he left okay let me know
User 2: rudhran is on his way back
User 1: why what happened ? on his way back to pragati ?
User 2: he is here we are going down in a minute
User 1: acha okay
User 2: yes leaving in ten
User 1: okk have you reached ? i went down you come
User 2: i'm sorry baby
User 1: it's fine i'm sorry i yelled i'm too hungry
User 2: is okay
User 1: i need proper food
User 2: you oeder i'll be there in five
User 1: okay i ordered
User 2: rudhran is coming back lol
User 1: when? today?
User 2: yes his flight got delayed so he's like i'll just come back it's at 6am now
User 1: lollllll okay but he will have to leave at three even earlier na 2ish and if he's coming back then he'll reach by twelve okay two hours he will chill here niceeeee!!
User 2: what you do
User 1: helping
User 2: whom
User 1: cr
User 2: hello happy diwaliii
User 1: it's not even a happy diwali but okay
User 2: it's not home but it's nice be happy mom also wished happy diwali
User 1: happy diwali
User 2: are you in class
User 1: yes
User 2: aww okay sweetie will i directly meet you at night
User 1: i'm not coming i have a lot of work
User 2: do here na
User 1: tan is coming to learn i'll call her to your house?
User 2: it won't be comfortable with so many people kabhi aur reh lena plis
User 1: okay
User 2: dude rudhran missed his 6am fought flight again lol
User 1: i knew it i knewwwwww it
User 2: he's sleeping in pavitra many people did
User 2: what do you feel like eating today
User 1: when to come to pp night mein i'll not come to stay i don't want to eat anything let it be
User 2: toh when will we meet kal hoga phir
User 1: okk i'll call you after class with plan
User 2: okayy we'll leave after lab haan i'll call don't sleep
User 1: okk yas
User 2: sleep after coming home if you want i'll be done in twenty ma
User 1:  it's a date
User 2: no man dude we'll have to paint
User 1: fun!!!!!!! yaaaay
User 2: no it's painting i don't like
User 1: but fun colours and all we take all the colours and pour it on the canvas hehe colour khichdi
User 2: i no abstract
User 1: okay then do what you want
User 2: lol we met so many people at titos
User 1: it'll be fun!!!
User 2: i'll come da
User 1: hehe who? good
User 2: dikshitaaaaa
User 1: hi baby are you drunk ?
User 2: both
User 1: okay
User 2: nice party
User 1: hehe good
User 2: we are twenty guys in one room
User 1: i'm glad you had fun
User 2: lol
User 1: haha orgyyyy
User 2: i'm so happy ria is coming back i love you
User 1: haha nice
User 2: take a crash course from her now for make up
User 1: haha idk how to do i feel scared lol
User 2: call for classic whenever
User 1: aiyo how to do group people didn't do too much but they lessened my work so i'm peace rudhran left or no?
User 2: left work over?
User 1: no dude just last part though
User 2: karlo jaldi jaldi
User 1: haan khatam aap kahan? so gaye?
User 2: i pubg
User 1: i too ? acha koi baat nahin i'll watch my 70s show
User 2: they woke me up at five hundred and thirty i got 2.5 hours sleep sad i'll sleep again now
User 1: sleepy baby
User 2: i'm awake you have lab right now?
User 1: hi handsome how's it going ? i did na i had project submission she was like ooooh amazing na !
User 2: yayyyy
User 1: did you see ?
User 2: im glad that's done fro you no wait i'll see
User 1: this too i finally bought a clutch now i don't have to feel hot anymore gosh
User 2: what too? lol
User 1: did you see?? wait i'm sending haaaan see missed video call
User 2: such nice videos mam why do you always make explanation video s
User 1: hahahah cause i have to send to mom dad cause they don't understand so much missed video call
User 2: hehe so nice i'm studying how are you
User 1: can't talk in a while
User 2: okayyy i pubg
User 1: okayyy niceeee nice guns !!!
User 2: play with me some day
User 1: today going for shashanks hbd treat coast asia
User 2: who alll
User 1: all his friends some class peeps
User 2: have ghee roast for me i miss it sad
User 1: hahahahhahabaha okay will do
User 2: what time
User 1: rn
User 2: have fun
User 1: hehe missed video call why sleep so fast aiyo season four is toh making me depressed
User 2: i was damn sleepy i haven't even reached there you're too fast creeps taking pictures when you weren't looking they weren't even nice of course it was kshitij he only does so the poop things yesterday kaustubh was gonna come so i slept at 9:50 and set an alarm for eleven but then i woke directly in the morning opps hehe where are you da you didn't reply only 
User 1: hi i just got up sup
User 2: first half?
User 1: hi jen i don't have class anymore all over for me na
User 2: wow
User 1: yesterday only everything finished
User 2: lab you have to go?
User 1: nothing lab project was yesterday sukrit took
User 2: wow you are really completely done
User 1: yaa 5th semester classes over
User 2: i have exam at two
User 1: hahahah all the best
User 2: i don't know just one lab
User 1: all prepared? haan so do that lab study study dude my dream was too good
User 2: tell
User 1: so i was in mumbai okay and big sirens went off so we all knew that it was time for the apocalypse cause too much pollution we knew that a huge tsunami was going to come from the moon like the wave was legit going to come from the moon so mom dad vidushi and i
User 2: you really wanna destroy mumbai
User 1: wait jen then we went to a balcony of a building and we were going to hold our breath till the wave goes away so what happened was that when the wave hit somehow there was a bubble around us and we could all breathe mom was getting very jumpy but she could also breathe the tsunami lasted fifteen minutes and after everything was over when we came out of the bubble the whole city was still there
User 2: all that ends well is well woohoo such vivid dreams man i want
User 1: waittttt it's not over but everything was completely beautiful the buildings were now shorter in height and all like more beautifully arranged there were fewer people so only the worthy had survived the storm and the empty spaces had been filled with the most beautiful flowers purple blue and pink it was dark when it was done so those flowers we found out were bioluminescent they were glowing so we took a car and we started driving somehow there was a mountain in mumbai and snow capped that too and a huge moon stone hit that mountain and caused an avalanche we were in a car so we just drove away but the avalanche destroyed the city again only the worthy were saved while we were driving we saw weird nature beautiful things like a seal was giving birth to two baby seals and i got completely shook i was like what are we doing to our earth we have to save it i started thinking about why god thought i was worthy and saved me maybe cause i am going to make something that is going to redeem us all so because of me he hadn't killed any of my friends either all my close family and all were there cause no genius can work without being emotionally stable so i went and made something very cool but i forgot what that was and my dream finished did you like it ?
User 2: how do you remember itne zyada details
User 1: it was a very nice dream
User 2: cutie
User 1: can i post?
User 2: rotate karle
User 1: haan lol call when you want to talk
User 2: okkk you sleeping?
User 1: no i'm awake only
User 2: you have legit nothing to do except study now haha
User 1: yes finally all the best sweetie love you do well wohooo jen is awesome
User 2: dude what the fuck the teacher explained me the question wrong and now he is like you won't get marks i'm gonna wait here sort this shout fuck them
User 1: haan talk to him
User 2: are we going for jeets party
User 1: prob not
User 2: kyuuu
User 1: you want to go ?
User 2: i'll mostly have to go anyway or jeet will be super pissed
User 1: if you want me to come i will
User 2: i'll let you know the plan
User 1: okieeee i finished one subject jen i just realised something your sex score is 100 good job two technically acha i'm sleeping if we have to go call me and tell me cause i'll be sleeping otherwise call at seven
User 2: you awake?
User 1: yes
User 2: hello lol sir wrote on the paper "i told him sstf algorithm first and it's has been coded that way" so its fine now i'm walking da
User 1: thank god good good
User 2: sir asked me if i could arrange all the papera
User 1: good one
User 2: for marks i had to be sweet
User 1: hahaha awwww kuch bhi karega for marks what's the plan baby batao i'm feeling very tired my brain is switching off cause i put too much into it
User 2: rest then tonight things are gonna get out of hand so eh sleep now na
User 1: don't drink like a madman
User 2: yeah lol
User 1:  i love you sweetie
User 2: sleep motu
User 1: fine don't send ilyt fine
User 2: i love you tooooo
User 1: hehe call me
User 2: you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message
User 1: you called?
User 2: to wake you up you just woke up?
User 1: oh yes
User 2: loll hehe motu
User 1: you don't talk only
User 2: kitna zyada arre
User 1: mr celebrity
User 2: all exams are over for now ab chill hai i love you na baby
User 1: i love you too i'm stressed
User 2: we had different sleep cycles plus what to do kiske liye
User 1: for life
User 2: i'm also there 
User 1: how to complete portion
User 2: together foreverrrrr everywhere
User 1: before papers monday se hai papers death omg
User 2: chill
User 1: one day break is not enough for me
User 2: good week we have true
User 1: i need more time oh god
User 2: you know everything babu relax
User 1: i started from the back this time
User 2: why
User 1: cause i know i'll get restless towards the end
User 2: it's normal relax karo hojayega
User 1: i need 9.5
User 2: haha
User 1: i just need it
User 2: miljayega breayhe and let me know if you want to chill or need to sleep with me or eat with me
User 1: i have a stomach ache
User 2: i want to be there :) stomache or periods
User 1: ouch no period over awwww i do but no time omg there's just one day break
User 2: relaxxx padho abhi no tp from todah except needed rest woohoo
User 1: oh good
User 2: sleep with meeeee
User 1: hmm want to but can't exam mode on jen
User 2: i scared of it i like you hehe
User 1: you also start hehe finish one subject today no time waste
User 2: tomorrow morning se today my back hurts i can't
User 1: aiyo why back pain ? kya oki call when free
User 2: okayyyy i don't know lower back pain periods mera lol
User 1: hahah aww what a sweetie i can't even do massage :(
User 2: aaona ghar
User 1: arre jen i am dying of tension
User 2: padlete instead make a time table properly
User 1: i am already studying what classic you guys played aiyo
User 2: good na i love you baby
User 1: hahaha i love you too
User 2: we are playing one more lol
User 1: play play i'll go back to study i can't watch 70s show anymore i'm not liking 4th season
User 2: whyyy hyde and jackie na
User 1: arre i'll spoil it if i tell no man
User 2: ha fine i'll watch tonight
User 1: haan watch which episode are you on ?
User 2: twenty-two hojayega aaj
User 1: haan you will find out
User 2: sorry they aren't leaving my room only
User 1: aiyo it's okay
User 2: you still studying? cutie i miss you i want to sleep 
User 1: i am studying  watching narnia i'm kind of done with one more subject like i read everything i haven't solved anything but i'm kind of tired so i'm chilling no point taking so much stress my internals in that are high
User 2: sabmai high hai which narni
User 1: narnia two only that is there on netflix
User 2: i don't like any movie except first that stupid prince caspian shi
User 1: hahaha have you read all ?
User 2: none i don't like that series
User 1: haha i like it's magiccc
User 2: have you seen the entire divergent series
User 1: it's like a cheaper version of got
User 2: eh how many stalkers man
User 1: jen i thought you would be used to it by now
User 2: i'm made my peace with it bas lol anyway we should sleep
User 1: anywayyy
User 2: kal i have to do tooooo mucb
User 1: you're sleeping?
User 2: in a bit
User 1: kal i'm taking class
User 2: lolll
User 1: yaaa
User 2: kitne subject
User 1: one only pls call me @12 pls otherwise i'll keep sleeping
User 2: how will you sleep so much what time you gonna sleep
User 1: don't challenge i'll sleep in an hour
User 2: pacca ham promise karo you'll do tp and keep watching movies
User 1: one hour twenty mins aiyo no
User 2:  pagal
User 1: i'm studying i dear swear
User 2: okayyyy studyyy i love you
User 1: i'm pooping i love you too what are you upto
User 2: hehe arav and vidit and smoking up in my room
User 1: arre
User 2: i tog can't it's very bad pot
User 1: phir poora dirty ho jaata hai
User 2: i'm just chillinh i'll clean and sleep ns pagal they dropped on the bed
User 1: humlog kab makeout karenge
User 2: mondau
User 1: monday mera exam hai uske baad?
User 2: ajao hotty
User 1: haan potty
User 2: ew
User 1:  
User 2: good morning
User 1: gm
User 2: good you're awake what plans today
User 1: today is dsp day and i have to teach tan and kt so i will do that
User 2: how does tanisha have so many subjects
User 1: idk bye jen ily
User 2: where you gooo
User 1: i'm here only baba i have to go take a shower flower shower power
User 2: poooppppp
User 1: yess peter dinklage is there in prince caspian
User 2: never insukt someone like that msn dikshitaaaa
User 1: sup
User 2: jheal just called
User 1: what happened?
User 2: so for the sangeet they are keeping a very long play and play ke beech mai dance and the main characters of the play are "jheal" and "jinkesh" aashi will be jheal and i have to be a jinkes and act 
User 1:  awwww lovely
User 2: i cantttt jheal at least asked will you do it mom is like you toh have to what you doing
User 1: hahaha teaching
User 2: ohhh library?
User 1: no no class
User 2: why lol
User 1: cause no kach kach acha and can i come home today
User 2: aiyo today not possible i slept at eleven again and woke up at two hundred and thirty lol then had bath and then udupi i'm going home now foooddddd
User 1: oku
User 2: do you want supplies for hostellll
User 1: no what supplies ?
User 2: ghar ka khana itnaaaa xyada bhejdiya hehe
User 1: hahahah
User 2: mom sent hershey's nuggets and the big lindt biggggg arghh theplas and then butter cookies and then normal junk
User 1: waaaah missed video call
User 2: hello sorry ria was playing pubg on my phone wanna play?
User 1: ok
User 2: come
User 1: haan coming bas kya
User 2: no time.to wasteeee we have to study they are playing one more if you wanna play
User 1: no no
User 2: how's it goinngggtg
User 1: steady
User 2: such a nice girl dikshita please don't think i don't have time for you
User 2: i love you okay
User 1: aiyo you chill i'm bored so i'm doing tp i thought you knew 
User 2: i feel bad okay i'll slap you
User 1:  too funny i'm only this sensitive during my period that too only some periods otherwise i wouldn't be as cool as i am
User 2: cool toh kafi ho
User 1: haan ik
User 2: video proofs hai of you being drunk af lolll
User 1: where?
User 2: phone if i search i'm sure i'll get many and if not then they are all there in my head
User 1:  pubg boy
User 2: how did you know
User 1: cause you cancelled my call
User 2: it can be for some other reason too i made harsha take two shots feel proud
User 1: lol can it? missed video call ooooh jen at the party i see good hour pick a number from 1-6
User 2: i'm fnkghg it it
User 1: huh
User 2: wait
User 1: waiting kya jen jen jen why so much alc call me at twelve let me know if you want me to come over we need to go on a date i feel like i haven't spoken to you in ages but not now whenever you're free and want to take a break
User 2: come at twelve today na i have a bad hangovrf i need you comeee
User 1: coming baby
User 2: did you lunch come home without doing anythjng do everything here i miss you
User 1: okay 
User 2: why that emoji
User 2: thank you
User 1: should i eat and come or no ?
User 2: we'll order
User 1: wohooo
User 2: where you
User 1: leaving sleepy boy what's your hotstar id password
User 2: i don't have hotstar it's harshits
User 1: acha okay we're watching kwk
User 2: ew watch jimmy fallon
User 1: hahahahah no man it's funny
User 2: you deleted this message i'm sleeping baby goodnight  i love youu
User 1: whyyyyy so jaldi acha sleep love you sweetie
User 2: head is aching again
User 1: aiyi when i was there it didn't ache i would've given massage
User 2: is okay it's not very bad 
User 1: okay sleep sleep 
User 2: goodnighttt
User 1: gn love you  hi jen i sleep late so call me at 9ish  maybe even ten
User 2: why did you sleep so late gosh
User 1: thanks for the call
User 2: shit i'm so sorry good morning
User 1:  good morning
User 2: readyyyy?
User 1: no i just woke up i'm revising i wanna play one game of pubg so you tell me when you can
User 2: you tell me your exam you decide every thing
User 1: okay 11:30
User 2: comeeee
User 1: you come
User 2: come now
User 1: okk
User 2: more?
User 1: at 3'30
User 2: hehe exma at one na?
User 1: yes two revisions before that
User 2: you're fast very but you know everything so it's fine you didn't ask experiment number yesterday also ria and arav heard us having sex  how was it
User 1: they asked me the only thing i didn't know but i got a decent value so i'm happy
User 2: good na
User 1: like for how much i studied it wasn't good a if i get i'll be very happy
User 2: aww
User 1: baaad paper i sad
User 2: par output was there is na so it's okay
User 1: haan writeup procedure all that i got 910
User 2: perf a
User 1: but calc
User 2:  dw it's okay what plan now
User 1: calculations are weird af idk what i calculated i got voltage regulation 11 so then i was like decent value but i'm sure it's not right so a i will be happy viva was bomb see basically
User 2: theek hai ab
User 1: everything except calculations so like 33ish a i want pls god pls
User 2: aww dw
User 1: lol
User 2: relaxx they were like spanking to awaz ki
User 1: oops that's embarrassing
User 2: no be proud lol
User 1: no chi dirty dirty
User 2: chal i sleep i love you
User 1: i love you too
User 1: gn
User 2: couldn't sleep oops
User 1: aiyi
User 2: what you do
User 1: 70s show wanna play ?
User 2: at 5:30 well play
User 1: okkk wassup ?
User 2: one seccc
User 1: oki call me back na kya hua??
User 2: vidit came and sat in the room wait for to leave thoda plis
User 1: hahahah 8:30 i'll go for dinner babu then nine o clock 
User 2: tab tak kya karoge
User 1: i'm watching "she's out of my league"
User 2: eric and donna hookup dekhlo
User 1: hahah i know i'm on episode ten
User 2: wah nice chalo watch i'll study till nine
User 1: you won't call me ? do you wanna play with me ?
User 2: after nine we'll do everything baby i'll call at 9woohoo
User 1: yayyyy sexy snapssss
User 2: arav vidit kaustubh and i are playing babu you play with your mahi lol
User 1: arre
User 2: love you baby
User 1: liar
User 2: arreeee
User 1: love you too whats the problem honey
User 2: kuch nahii all these people never leave my room harshit came back drunk again lol i'm so sorrh
User 1: hahaha
User 2: sorru 
User 1: awww
User 2: kya kar rahe ho divya is there?
User 1: no im pubg
User 2: we tooo lol mahi?
User 1: yo hes dead im paying with nishit and murderrr
User 2: why you text da play whose murder
User 1: idk dude hes a guy
User 2: lost?
User 1: noppee lost
User 2: dude stan lee died
User 1: hi jen who that?
User 2: that old guy in marvel
User 1: oh shit that's damn sad
User 2: haina :((
User 2:  good morning
User 1: good morning i had nice dreams but i missed lunch oops missed video call i have to complete a subject today good i completed sleep call me missed video call ya so i wasted the day i will play pubg and watch 70s show
User 2: you woke up only three hours ago full night is left chalo ab chalu karlo study till dinnerrr you toh don't call me only for pubg keep playing with your mahiman and nilesh i sad
User 1: you guys were playing already come let's play missed video call eh man i call you all the time actually i'm playing all the time so you come whenever lol i actually need motivation to study this subject it's cs complicated shit
User 2: dikshitaaaa
User 1: yes?
User 2: you know disney is removing all it's content from amazon prime and netflix
User 1: whyyyyy what will i watch missed video call play with meeeeeee
User 2: at eight don't be naughty kitma tp kiya
User 1: whyyyyy now no no i'm doing for tomorrow's lab i couldn't sit with that subject so i changed the subject
User 2: lol it's okay you were doing at least eight we'll play
User 1: now toh you were playing with your boys i'm going for dinner then
User 2: yeah exactly so now i must study after dinner text me
User 1: hi babes it's eight missed video call
User 2: did we win?
User 1: noo come back
User 2: the spectate option only didn't come
User 1: same
User 2: what rank
User 1: five
User 2: aww me too is okay
User 1: come to play na
User 2: basss you study now
User 1: noooooo you just played one game with me
User 2: raat ko again tension mat lo now dinner you study motu end semss
User 1: i'm not feeling it anymore i did a lot so i think tension is off
User 2: i can see
User 1: plus i can't take tension now cause too much already plus exam tomorrow
User 2: good
User 1: i'm prepared dude they can ask anything
User 2: so study tension free and don't be over confident im so happy you're so confident mere kab ayege din
User 1: i don't want to study anymore everyone is irritating me how to do this how to do write this write that so i'll play pubg
User 2: tell people you're stressed and to keep the questions to minimal
User 1: and then i can tell them sorry i was playing
User 2: .
User 1: hmm should i come or no with divya i'll bring books maybe if i see you i'll study little
User 2: get and come
User 1: okk
User 2: pubggg
User 1: in a while missed video call jen jen jen wish me all the best
User 2: all the best baby
User 1: thank you
User 2: don't be scared when will you come home
User 1: baad mein lunch ke baad
User 2: i have lab today ha test is there
User 1: oh god you have lab? you didn't tell me i thought all your labs were over
User 2: won't be long
User 1: okay okay all the best do wrll
User 2: second half
User 1: oh okay then i'll go with you only
User 2: okkkk how was ittt
User 1: it was fine i'll get a a i can't get i think
User 2: what part you didn't get
User 1: arre everything i got my viva i think i've made a chotu mistake like an idiot so then one there then i stored my remainder in forty-seven instead of displaying forty-seven ka things i displayed forty-six damn sad
User 2: aree
User 1: but mostly he's written full output only
User 2: good
User 1: cause i showed him everything there were three parts all i showed
User 2: sort good one
User 1: haan you prepared?
User 2: you in block?
User 1: yes i'm in the block
User 2: i just have one lab so i'll do later
User 1: comeeeee to playyyy my match finished
User 2: come
User 1: haan come na jen are you sure i can't spend time today !? i could use some cuddles
User 2: yes dikshita days have come what to do
User 1:  what to do correct leave it i don't want to play more pubg i'm feeling hungry
User 2: aww isokay
User 1: okay we can play if you want
User 2:  wasy you are
User 1: but you have to listen to me
User 2: badme
User 1: what this
User 2: lab first
User 1: okk study buddy love you
User 2: chalo aajao
User 1: yayyy aiyo i'll go for lunch now hehe and then i'll come and study like a good girl
User 2: i died shish hello did you lunch
User 1: lunching
User 2: happy children's day lil
User 1: lol to you too babes
User 2: going for a haircutttt woohooo
User 1: okay beard also get
User 2: yep getting it shaped 
User 1: okay
User 2: asw  what you do don't sleep? i'll come to 13th in a bit
User 1: no no i'm sleeping
User 2: i got a mini facial done so i could be nice and pretty to meet you and you slept  what you do wake up two hours hogaya
User 1: awww you're always pretty to me baby jen mujhe kylie ka new collection bahut acha laga oops i must learn to makeup i had a good rejuvenating sleep
User 2: true must lipstick will suit you i saw too mucj we just won lolll
User 1: not dark colour one more ? i wanna play too
User 2: too tired had eleven kills
User 1: acha waaaah
User 2: ending mai i had m24
User 1: jen jen jen killing it by killing peeps
User 2: i kept spraying the bullets lolll
User 1: m24 is a good one dude jen my internet finsihed how will i play now yours also mine also all internet i slipped and fell there was water on the floor ouch on my knees  pubg?
User 2: come are we playing aww is it hurting now?
User 1: noo i need internet i won't ask now cause then otherwise i'll keep playing and wasting time i'm filling my oe pe preferences yes ouch
User 2: dude
User 1: haan ?
User 2: i didn't know only the date was out for filling
User 1: haan 20nov
User 2: site isn't opening
User 1: ya go incognito
User 2: doesn't help
User 1: divya said it'll open
User 2: no lol did you find internet i love you baby
User 1: no i'm using data okay i love you two
User 2: aiyo be mean
User 1: what happened i was being kul
User 2: this is what happens when you stay with your class people too much 
User 1: arre jen
User 2: kelse way burnnn
User 1: let's not start comparing classmates you were saying?
User 2: i knew this would come ups shit
User 1: you asked for it check now slcm is opening
User 2: apply for electives
User 1: did yours open ?
User 2: yes but the option isn't there da
User 1: ya same same
User 2: we're already four lol sorry
User 1: okay i got internet
User 2: from
User 1: so you don't play i'll play with them
User 2: lol fu
User 1: fine go play
User 2: internet from where
User 1: pranjalll
User 2: ofcourse no need for so many l's
User 1: lolllllllllllllll
User 2: you disgust me
User 1: what happened?
User 2: nothing i love you
User 1: wtf jen
User 2: im weird hehe im having late night munchie craving
User 1: arre? you're being rude
User 2: but your lovable how can i be rude what you do i love 70s show dude michaels older brother is too good good looking alsk
User 1: you're he's there in some movie this is damn rude jen
User 2: where did you reach
User 1: you have some problem kya
User 2: o love you baby
User 1: with me
User 2: no i dontttt
User 1: toh kya hai bhai kyun har baat pe itna petty
User 2: i like to take case of your classmates
User 1: no jen
User 2: sorryyyy
User 1: stop putting people down i hate it
User 2: i'll try not to
User 1: everytime students can now enter their preferences for the electives on the slcm portal ( slcm  application  apply for elective). the last date for entering preferences is 20th november 2018.
User 2: goodnight.
User 1: goodnight
User 2: you told me you'll come
User 1: i already told my class people i'll go with them we have been planning since the first poster came
User 2: but then you told me we'll go when i said i'll come in the morning
User 1: noooooo i never said that i can't ditch them
User 2: bye then
User 1: whenever they ask for movie i always say i'm already going it and all stop acting like a child
User 2: i told everyone that we are going and they said even they might come because you confirmed
User 1: so you go with them i will see you there what's the issue man ?
User 2: i don't want to watch it without you. it's harry potter vrrse no fuck it i'm not going goodnight
User 1: this is legit the only time i have ever made plans with anyone else apart from you look at how you're behaving i just fixed things with sanidhya and all
User 2: right
User 1: i cannot deal with a negative environment i already told you do what you want jen i'm going with class you wanna come come you don't want to don't i already said if you want to see it i will go again with you if you want to come first day first show come with friends cause i won't be able to entertain you
User 2: no thanks good one
User 1: why are you acting so difficult? you don't want me to have any friends or what ?
User 2: enjoy with them
User 1: have i ever stopped you from going for parties even i wanted to make plans with you but i couldn't cause you were busy with friends
User 2: i'm not stopping you. i'm taking you
User 1: arre
User 2: when
User 1: everytime ! let me remind you hey jen can i come over today ya dikshita cool no wait i have a party so i'll be drunk out of my mind don't bother
User 2: yes fine one you have but you did say yes that day
User 1: no i didn't
User 2: i've been planning that since then yes you did
User 1: don't put words in my mouth
User 2: shut up
User 1: my tickets have been booked
User 2: don't insult me like that have a great fucking movie then
User 1: i would never insult you jen you know i would enjoy it a lot more if you weren't being so understanding
User 2: okay then i'll go enjoy your movie
User 1: have a good time getting me to talk
User 2: goodnight . you are welcome to come to pp and study in silence because i'm still pissed at you. rsvp
User 1: hello
User 2: gm
User 1: utho good morning ho gaya come down to sign me in
User 2: you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message i love you.
User 1: aww i love you too sweetie
User 2: good right then bye now fu
User 1: you fo hehe but you can't
User 2: you go tomorrow and you won't getting any without me
User 1: okay honey i'm scared now oooooooohhhh 
User 2: stop irritating bye
User 1: save your comebacks for another day sweetie
User 2: wow okay man be rude now i'll actually start fighting fine
User 1: but i called you sweetie 
User 2: i don't mind you hanging out with anyone
User 1: okay great
User 2: you not going out often with your class people is not my fault don't blame me for that
User 1: what are you fighting for? at least know that!
User 2: and it's harry potter world. i'd rather watch it only with you than anyone else. i want you to watch it for the first time with me. you coming with me feels like a petty
User 1: arre i'm not blaming na
User 2: you did you're feeling everything
User 1: i'm saying let me go
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: i don't feel so much jen
User 2: don't feel what
User 1: i will na kya problem
User 2: i meant you're feeling everything i'm putting in your mouth
User 1: this
User 2: . i'm saying no. because you told me you'll come. so you decide and it's harry potter goodnight
User 1: no bhai i don't understand that if once i made a plan why is it so difficult for you to let me go i said i'll rewatch arre i know you're going to timmy's shut up
User 2: i'm not lol it's not difficult it's just that you told me you'll go so yeah i'm done with this discussion do what you want i'll srr
User 1: ok
User 2: see
User 1: haan okay ya i meant i'll go and you can come but i won't chill with you ! stop it ya jen
User 2: this is just bs yeah i'm not saying anything i said that do what you want do that
User 1: no it's not i can't come means i can't bas finish
User 2: byr
User 1: haan bye ya thanks for making it so much fun
User 2: ten am show is also available
User 1: i can't cancel sorry jen
User 2: now you're doing extra morning show also we are getting
User 1: i already said i will go with them jen the entire problem is that na !
User 2: only you have so many issues if other people in your group had other plans they'd probably go for that and can ditch this you only have so much problem except your pranjal because he's a following creep exam time you hurt me it will be so coping with it itna kaun please bolta hai no toh you're insulting me it's embarrassing so hard if i've said this much and you still don't listen matlab you don't care for my opinion you toh forced me to stop feeling sad about somiya. i'm toh just saying don't go for a movir and you're making it such a big deal we are getting recliner for the 10am show replyyyy
User 1: fine i'll be there pick me up in ten
User 2: at 9:55 it's at one thousand and five
User 1: i'm not going with you i don't want to stop it
User 2: i don't even think you're in the blocl
User 1: i am
User 2: are theybout also what happened to you not talking to sanidhya hello dikshita
User 1: ya i fixed it so now i'm talking but it's still slow not so easy
User 2: but i toh never wanted fixing that time also you texted him pretending to be me why don't you communicate more when it comes to such things you don't even ask if i would comfortable with it or not call me
User 1: wait i'm at lunch
User 2: get some ulcer gel for me from radha before you go to college
User 1: tell the name i'll get it
User 2: i feel very desperate for your attention lol
User 1: aiyo i'll come over ?
User 2: try smilogel or any
User 1: okayy
User 2: get books
User 1: haan
User 2: what time college
User 1: after lunch bas www.pottermore.com
User 2: we'll go back together then
User 1: haan okayyy
User 2: let me know when you go to college
User 1: haan i'll tell yoy for your sorting
User 2: i got gryffindor lolll kitna time text me when you get the ticket
User 1: got the ticket in my room getting all my stuff wait five minutes haan where are you ? i'm waiting in 13th ka lobby you get your certificate and then tell me
User 2: sit in your room i forgot to pay library dues so that first might take fifteen more minz reached?
User 1: ya
User 2: fuck dude your mom is too good i wantttt
User 1: ya na ! what my mom ? nahin hoga sorry
User 2: theek hai i'll settle for the daughter she's hotter anyway hehe
User 1: ya okay
User 2: now i feel sad that you didn't take my shirt
User 1: lol get it on monday
User 2: you should sleep
User 1: i will
User 2: tomorrow pubg cutie goodnightt
User 1: nooooo i ayyy
User 2: leave the game come online
User 1: i'm coming
User 2: sleep now
User 1: eight am you call
User 2: done
User 1: nine you call not eight time change
User 2: babu
User 1: ya wassup
User 2: what time should i come to the campus
User 1: night mein not now i'm barely awake rn
User 2: you sounded too awake tbh lol
User 1: jen i'm going to shut my phone so come at 8ish be discreet about the pill da
User 2: whyyyyy
User 1: i have a style
User 2: hsrshit only because he had the pill shut up
User 2: don't shut your phone why da
User 1: arre people are irritating
User 2: lolll
User 1: kitna hua kitna hua
User 2: accha i'll text you on fb keep laptop
User 1: arre no pls
User 2: why
User 1: you text on whatsapp only i'll mute everyone else
User 2: but your phone will be off na
User 1: no no as in i just want to switch of whatsapp
User 2: they'll call them
User 1: this poorvi is damn annoying
User 2: you told me
User 1: i'll just mute her i think
User 2: lol she can. come to room also
User 1: no need now if she asks i'll say no
User 2: rude dikshita i like itt
User 1: arre i also have to study man
User 2: good girl
User 1: lolll
User 2: you never say thank god
User 1: maybe not just yet
User 2: don't say that man  i sad
User 1: i like your peepee and i am sure other girls would've liked it too
User 2: thanks man appreciate
User 2: what you do
User 1: study what about you ? kya scene boss
User 2: hello i just woke up hehe connection is damn bad
User 1: i will go for dinner at eight pm
User 2: tell me when you're going for dinner i will come then okayyy
User 1: i feel like i should take a short nap
User 2: take now then
User 1: one hour jitna haan getting tired concentration is decreasing
User 2: aww i it's okay you did a lot good
User 1: haan one hour nap wake me up at seven
User 2: okayy
User 1: dude season five is out of the work world outstanding amazing i love it half an hour nap
User 2: motu don't naughty kitna dekha
User 1: jen i really love you
User 2: i love you tooo
User 1: i want to have sex
User 2: no it's okay 
User 1: how rude but it's fun
User 1: funnnnnnn
User 2: like you
User 1: so much fun
User 2: you are only my fun
User 1: yes cause we do sex
User 2: lol one track mind
User 1: but whyyyyy tomorrow early morning six am sex time
User 2: mad or what exam day after pagal
User 1: us
User 2: pafho
User 1: stress release babydoll
User 2: you wake up at six and i will sex
User 1: concentration 600 peace
User 2: wah
User 1: fine no sex for you no sexy snaps for you now go study
User 2: tomorrow
User 1: lol jen don't come at eight i'll call you then you come
User 2: okayyyy i want chocolate
User 1: i'm going to sleep now i didn't sleep yet aww
User 2: what were you doing
User 1: come we can get from cs i was watching say yes to the dress i'm stupid but i need sleep so gn wake up at 8?
User 2: eight hundred and thirty
User 1: acha okay don't come jen i just woke up
User 2: it's eight hundred and forty only
User 1: leave it i'm not pregnant
User 2: arre  don't do this exam time motu
User 1: save it for later
User 2: tomorrow morning will you come
User 1: no no i have to study
User 1: my back hurts
User 2: i'll come da i'll give it we'll eat ice cream and then study
User 1: i'm not feeling well
User 2: aww
User 1: my stomach and back hurt
User 2: take medicine man and pill toh you should
User 1: no no leave it i'm not doing anything i'll just go for dinner and start revising
User 2: aww okay
User 1: haan
User 2: have food it will make you feel better go now
User 1: yes i think headache ouch
User 2: same
User 1: you go to sleep don't play pubg
User 2: i'll revise thoda first
User 1: i'm removing till end sem finishes
User 2: bapre intense
User 1: bahut hua time pass ab dangal hoga hey jen sleeping now need seven hours sleep oops late hogaya nvm ten am pls like call at nine once to try then i'll say one hour so it'll become ten missed video call yo i was showering wassup
User 2: hello dikshitaaaa i tried to submit my application for electives and then you have to enter the otp otp is on sauraks phone 
User 1: okay how to do now it's urgent or should we do at night can we do at night i want to complete revision first
User 2: do what
User 1: otp ka thing ?
User 2: what will you do related to that
User 1: you only said you
User 2: arre
User 1: so i thought i have to talk to saurak to get the otp ? i'm confused
User 2: matlab general one
User 1: acha okayy
User 2: i'll talk and get
User 1: lol okay
User 2: but i'm egoistic
User 1: good boy ya ik that sweetie
User 2: what to say
User 1: i love you honey it's so weird that people say honey lol it's funny
User 2: ay chai patti
User 1: ay it's funny
User 2: i like your lips dikshita
User 1: thank you jenit i like yours too
User 2: yours are nicer face also boobs and brains mine are better where you motu
User 1: reallllyyyy it's babylips my lips look orange cause of that i like i'm studying next break at five sweetie
User 2: haha okayy how many people are disturbing you lol
User 1: arre abhi toh it's less raat mein calls will come
User 2: aww is okay i'll sleep in ten wake me up at five
User 1: ok ok sleep sleep pagal
User 2: hello jeet came he talks so much i'll sleep now five pm
User 1: kk yaa i'll be done by then hehe this is so funny
User 2: at least seven years old did one of your virgin friends send this lol this is a better joke than the pic i'm so funny
User 1: no i sent it see you don't even realise that you're insulting me damn suck sick
User 2: how can i insult you you aren't a virgin
User 1: you didn't like my joke
User 2: hence you aren't in the subset of the people i was talking about it's nice but old i couldn't sleep now
User 1: no you have to laugh is funny why couldn't sleep babu y
User 2: more thirty minutes i slept
User 1: i like big butts and i cannot lie
User 2: you other brothers can't deny
User 1: when a girl walks by with a itty-bitty waste waist and a ?
User 2: round thing in your face
User 1: lol
User 2: i would like your round thing in my face 
User 1: i will call in a while i'm in divyas room watching kwk
User 2: exam hai pagal
User 1: haan ik
User 2: babbuuu
User 1: yo jen i'm sleeping now wake me up at eight pls latest nine eight hundred and thirty  all the best sweetie missed video call hi jen i called but you were not freee missed video call
User 2: hows it goinggg
User 1: good only
User 2: got my admit card
User 1: good otherwise how will you write the paper
User 2: one hundred bucks fine you can write without the admit csrf get your library card
User 1: ya good i had forgotten
User 2: what you saying
User 1: connection is bad dude i'm saying are you high and is harshit going to have to come back for makeup?
User 2: haha yeah. that caffeine fucked me up and i have to sleep before i can't study so that why i had to man i asked if he'll pass he said yeah his internals are twenty-eight but the paper was very bad for him so i hope he does
User 1: lolll haan good good
User 2: what you do you better not sleep i sad you didn't cone to pp
User 1: haha im chilling aiyo ill come now?
User 2: you could have with me but fine fu no
User 1: dont be sad plsssss awww
User 2: okay i won't
User 1: now im feeling sad
User 2: :)))) anything for you
User 1: :(
User 2: papu
User 1: :(
User 2: i love you so much chotu papu
User 1: now i want to come i love you tooooo chai patty
User 2: patti i love you aloo patty
User 1: lolll ill go with sugar i love you sugr sugarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr yes pleaseee
User 2: hi babu
User 1: hiiii
User 2: fu i don't want to study
User 1: hello
User 2: hi
User 1: i sent you a happy snapp
User 2: yayyyyy
User 1: hehehhehe
User 2: how is it harddd
User 1: idkkk maybe i made it happy for the picture
User 2: telll
User 1: told toh
User 2: lolll i still like it can't wait for next weekend sex
User 1: hahah yayyy
User 2: you'll say no again
User 1: are you sure
User 2: hope not
User 1: aww i love you sweetie
User 2: i love you too panini
User 1: loll
User 2: why aren't you sleeping good you're sleeping lol i love you
User 1: i'm not sleeping karen diya dude masterchef is toooooo good i can't stop watching it ughh i have to sleep wake up call at 7:30 pls  i love you jenit hii
User 2: you hung up on me i sad
User 1: arre i couldn't wake up sorry baby i love you na
User 2: aww itsnokay good morning
User 1: good morning
User 2: i'm watching got hehe
User 1: i'll go for breakfast no no study be a good boy
User 2: i'll be your good boy hehe
User 1: missed video call apoorva started sarso ka saag and makke ki roti again
User 2: fuck yeah tomorrow dinner
User 1: yesss
User 2: how's it going
User 1: going slow i'll be done by thirteen 12 but no papers done
User 2: samee even i'm thoda lagging shit i went over to four hundred and fourteen lil so awkward
User 1: whyy
User 2: otp it didn't happen
User 1: aiyooo jen ben ten you didn't call before you slept naughty boy okje all the best for todayyyy i love you sweetieee do you think that if we say it less saying ily once in a while will make it more meaningful? pls wake me up at 8:45 at least try lol i'll pick up
User 2: i called toh after that call i slept i didn't do paper eh i mean it everytime so doesn't affect me yas
User 1: i'm not able to keep my eyes open i need fifteen mins more
User 2: aww okay baby do you want to see a video
User 1: yesss
User 2: https:youtu.beigbnjknu4pu
User 1: i thought you were going to send of the kitten
User 2: lol she left lol there are two lol
User 1: there are two what ?
User 2: kittens
User 1: where ? in the house ? awwwwwwwwwwww
User 2: in their not here seeeeee it's pubg related
User 1: i want kitty
User 2: you'll love it
User 1: okk
User 2: dikshitaaa you don't text onlyn
User 1: i was upstairs sweetie awwww jen wake me up at five na missed video call
User 2: i'm still awake seven i can
User 1: okay missed video call you went back to sleep kya
User 2: noo i was making breakfast
User 1: missed video call jenit the end of season five is mind blowing i can't deal it's toooooo good i'm talking about the 70s show btw mind blowing hahahahaha it's too funny hey jen i have 23rd to go but i did well on the second sessional so i'm going to sleep for one and half hours hello
User 2: i was just trying to wake you up baby
User 1: rejuvenated and ready to get back lol
User 2: aee
User 1: good try good try
User 2: good lol high tea karlo
User 1: haha no timeeee
User 2: dont overstress okay
User 1: no now my power nap is done
User 2: haha good accha chalo let's talk during next break seven hundred and thirty
User 1: missed video call i just got done yayyyy one hour revision then sweet sweet sleep break till eleven
User 2: hello i'm not doing one chapter
User 1: why baby do everything and go read it once missed video call
User 2: it's not important plus it's a lot lol
User 1: okayy call me before you sleep i'll take a break before i start revision
User 2: i thought you would have started at eleven
User 1: noo one part was left i had to finish thatt
User 2: did that?
User 1: yaa
User 2: i'll call in a bit
User 1: aap sone ke pehle phone karne wale the missed video call 6.30 pls
User 2: hello baby i'm sorry i slept without calling okay
User 1: awwww
User 2: i'm sleeping only goodnight
User 1: gnnn i love you jen i'm awake sweetie studied ?
User 2: studying only now
User 1: i vomitted  i'm too nervous bye bye exam
User 2: lol even i'm fucked
User 1: challo all the best left home ?
User 2: i'm in ab5 only all the besttt i got so fucked dikshita i left at four i attempted first forty marks and didn't know only three marks ka ( max to max they can't cut only five marks from that) and then the last question fully came from the chapter didn't do damn saf i feel bad you deleted this message will you come home it's okay if you wanna chill in the block hehe
User 1: jennnn never leave anything and go smartttt i got four marks poora wrong rest is good 45
User 2: beauti
User 1: i should be able to get
User 2: dude
User 1: i'll come in fifteen -20 mins
User 2: lion king trailer is out
User 1: niceee
User 2: did you reach ate?
User 1: eating
User 2: cutie what you watching
User 1: masterchef
User 2: aiyo
User 1: there's too much in my head
User 2: matlab?
User 1: like there is too much information in my head how will i put more aiyooo i'm scared my internals are thirty-six eighty-five is a a ho jaega a kaise aaega shits should i lose hope or hsould i realllllyyyy get that fifty this is the paper
User 2: which one next
User 1: genertaion transmission distribution abhi tak its a a a maybe a a a just a not that difficult
User 2: aww good kalse ab kya kar rahe ho
User 1: im watching masterchefff all the details over various confirmed sources we're put together. wake me at ten if i say please too much let me sleep
User 2: okay baby
User 1: you're awake late
User 2: narcos
User 1: oooohhh
User 2: ap kya kar rahe ho
User 1: watching a movie
User 2: kaunsi
User 1: big daddyyyy
User 2: sleep baby
User 1: okk
User 2: abhiiiii
User 1: hehe on it
User 2: goodnight beautiful
User 1: missed video call goodnight lollipop kya hai yeh what a dream jenit what a dream
User 2: cadbury dipped oreos tell
User 1: so apparently i wrote gre over here in the middle of the semester and i got three hundred and thirty-one and dad got the results so i was asking him if i got more than three hundred he's like you got teenso iktees i said what english mein say so he's like three hundred and thirty-one i heard three hundred and one i said kyaa he's like three hundred and thirty-one i said what!!! i couldn't believe it i said papa ab harvard mein bhi ho jayega toh he's like good beta then i went to mom and told her mom i got three hundred and thirty-one without prep so mom's like waaah matlab two days baithegi toh aa jayega she said december ka toh anyways booked hai go study and get that three hundred and forty i said yayyy yesss and then i went to study and in my dream vidushi was pregnant with twins !!! and then i was like dizygotic honge monozygotic toh nahin ho sakte toh definitely one girl one boy then we were like names decide karte hia and she's like no i don't want the kids i have to study more i was like whattttt then there was this cool thing in which you can take your babies out and incubate them untill you want to have them and then you can put them back in and complete the gestation period it was awesome but then when i suggested that she said i'm not going to leave my babies in a metal can for so long so then she had them awww and then there was this thing in which everyone was at a mall and we were eating ice cream and we had truffle risotto and we bought stuff for her babiesss cute onesies and unicorn and donald duck and whatnot all of us were there at the mall and then all the celebrities also came alia bhatt and all and we said hi and shared ice cream with them the ice cream was good mint and coconut and then weird weird flavours the so we asked the guy what is your best selling flavour so he said potato so then we tried potato ice cream bad it was lol jen i need inspiration
User 2: dw take it slow
User 1: i'm going back to sleep
User 2: watch something and then continue with studies lolll or that do
User 1: there's too much portion and i'm tired call me at five
User 2: yass
User 1: hey jen do you wanna go to hashtag for dinner missed video call i could use and outing and some good food just one hour break we'll be in and out in no time missed video call please please please please please make me happy please please please   
User 2: yes we'll go but not hashtag food was so bad we can go to madhuvan
User 1: pls hashtag pls pls i just wanted mac and cheese and nachos please please
User 2: okayyy
User 1: please we went to madhuwan abhi abhi diwali pe pls pls pls yaaaay eight pm ?
User 2: okayyyu
User 1: you just gave me inspiration to study
User 2: aww i love you too baby good good srudy
User 1: lily from how i met your mother came in 70s show
User 2: they all have come
User 1: haha okay
User 2: sorry i didn't call hekko
User 1: hii
User 2: sup
User 1: taking time to learn stuff hehe but m studying what about you ?
User 2: i'm in campus timmys lol i'll sleep after going back
User 1: okay i'll call at around 7.45 we can go for dinner ?
User 2: ha we'll go
User 1: great
User 2: hashtag na no drinks ha
User 1: haan please no no you study now pls why timmys ?
User 2: he kept asking to come since few days and i was getting bored rn so eh studying na?
User 1: ya
User 2: baby cutie i love the ou studyyy you https:youtu.be1roy4o4tqqm
User 1: kya hai ?
User 2: detective pikachu
User 1: you diidnt sleep
User 2: i'm going to now dikshita eight hundred and thirty plis
User 1: okkk hey reminder 8:30 kc also i'm ready so let me know call me back asap ! leaving the block i reached no jk i'm in the auto
User 2: pagl
User 1: thanks buddy love you means a lot thank arav also
User 2: you don't listen from the guards man
User 1: so sweet to come
User 2: it's just a key
User 1: arre what if they kill me or shout at me
User 2: we are gonna earn more than them in a year so well
User 1: i would toh start crying
User 2: i would have fucked his case
User 1: not yet not me
User 2: chut lies
User 1: you can't you're chotu ya cause i have to study
User 2: hypothetically
User 1: why you sent this to me
User 2: it's so true i want to send it to so many chur people
User 1: what does it mean ??? no need
User 2: it's not for you pagal
User 1: chutiye people ko kabhi mat batao ki woh chutiya hai
User 2: isliye toh aapko bheja
User 1: hahah wish pranu it's her hbd
User 2: did
User 1: good boyy studied?
User 2: lollll did you?
User 1: im doing till two i will do max then sleep to settle info why you've lost hope this semester ?
User 2: nooo for only these two subjects baby
User 1: total you have only five
User 2: last one also i'll study properly doesn't matter
User 1: okayyy
User 2: you won't like me if i'm done
User 1: arre but karke toh jaana padega ?
User 2: dumb
User 1: your gpa won't be made of only three subjects
User 2: i know baby de
User 1: see i know you're not dumb
User 2: it's under control
User 1: but idk why you're not trying as such you wrote your last paper well only ohhhh you're one of those you'll tell nahin aata but you'll get a got it
User 2: nooooo don't ever call me that insulting
User 1: lolz
User 2: i don't want to theory matlab bas
User 1: aww i love you baby its fine no one does but you wont get what you like all the time so do it like a good boy what a cutie do do at least you tried then jen you slept you got irritated kya acha 8:30 tomorrow pls
User 2: thoda yeah but theek hai
User 1: awwww i love you baby
User 2: yess me too
User 1:  what are you doing?
User 2: football match with bois lel barcaaaaaa
User 1: ohhhh okay have fun good night love
User 2: sleeping?
User 1: yess
User 2: sleeppp goodnight love
User 1: gooodnighttttt pehle you call i don't pick up then i call you don't pick up lol good morning
User 2: such is life
User 1: i'm so tired kyun padhna padega chiii
User 2: dw half dome half left
User 1: arre this sidharth is irritating me send notes send notes so annoying just before exams who asks like this
User 2: exams ke pehle he won't need it lol
User 1: arre he is supposed to ask before the entire charade starts he actually expects me to click pictures and send i'm a maid or what so irritating
User 2: tell him then no you're busy or just ignore
User 1: mind you he already took it before and made me wait while he clicked pictures and then he lost it
User 2: lost what
User 1: the pictures from his phone
User 2: noobbbb it's fine don't reply to him not like he can do much
User 1: lol actually
User 2: hello hello
User 1: i did the most amazing poop ever good one @ me took four minutes total
User 2: why so fast but
User 1: it came out like butter hehe dirty talk
User 2: i can't sleep
User 1: awwww whyyy
User 2: i'll eat and then start studying i watched 70s show so fresh now
User 1: sameee except the fresh part
User 2: where you reached
User 1: second sessional
User 2: good good do do i love you can't keep my eyes open
User 1: i love you too sweetie sooo cute you are do well tomorrow  five hours from now 6:45 am pls lots to perfect ut perfectooo i can't sleep i can't study i can't remove all my last exam ka things from my head i really need to perfect everything i've studied it itna mushkil se i can get a cause i know the end sem is going to screw everyone but me you tell me all this when you wake me up at seven thank you sweetheart you're the best otherwise i'll not get up i know
User 2: your internet is very bad can't see anything only properly
User 1: lolll it's fine i'll ttyl
User 2: haaa
User 1: that's very funny
User 2: dont show to anyone okay
User 1: ahahahah i will think about it i wouldn't have shown but now you said don't show so i'm temples tempted
User 2: k
User 1: awwww
User 2: i'm doneeee woohoo lol i'll pass
User 1: where are you?
User 2: home i came back then only pagal you go back how much you expecting i'll get 3035
User 1: forty-five arrree what to do i'll come home or what ?
User 2: not today i'll study after a bit mostly
User 1: what happened
User 2: can't duck up the last paper wahhh
User 1: acha okayyy oh haan aapka only one more
User 2: lillll noobs why did you sound sad lol
User 1: i won't get a a ho jayega i'm just happy it's over it's very stressful
User 2: chill hai baby good and last two toh you knoe
User 1: yes more like people who smoke weed going to die early
User 2: no study has shown that
User 1: hahahahah you dumb boy
User 2: fine you're right
User 1: you getting dumber everytime you smoke arre i love you man
User 2: fine
User 1: you're a cutie
User 2: fine fine
User 1:  who wants hot picture?
User 2: dikshita rap by tonight or i'll be saf
User 1: doing that is therapeutic i'm studying babu
User 2: bhejdo phirtoh i'll dw acing this subhect
User 1: haan i'll send pictures ?
User 2: yasss
User 1: yayy
User 2: but rap after
User 1: funnn i will do that one love the way you lie
User 2: thoda hard hai woh
User 1: and i'm awesome
User 2: do spacebound or beautiful
User 1: trust me
User 2: accha chalo done
User 1: yesss pulse candy is like hajmola i poop when i eat it
User 2: don't eat itna
User 1: it's the best constipation medicine but i want to poop hehe i did
User 2: kitna bapre you're matching with ne me nice
User 1: hehe i pooped very little in the morning so i wanted to do now so i ate pulse candy
User 2: that you can't eat many it's bad
User 1: i ate just oneee you know within an hour of the exam today i just wanted to go and pee
User 2: i always do just before the paper why didn't you go kya kiya
User 2: i'm going to sleep pura i'll wake up tomorrow now goodnight baby
User 1: so fast ? okayyy good night sweetie https:youtu.be165vjnkrndw
User 2: chii baby i'm planning to change my pe to coursera one i heard it's not as good as the ai one but i'll get more free time for project and gre next sem plus i'll be missing ten days of college so it might affect the entire semester what do you think
User 1: i don't think you can i think you should get the minor in ai that's what you want to do right you have to look at it from an overall perspective not just cause you'll be missing classes how come after so much interest in ai you're planning to change it suddenly ten days is not that much tbh you're writing gre in december why you need more time for that?
User 2: yeah but then ill have proper classes for it and plus oe is technical cause i can't do non technical and then gre i'll give it again na
User 1: no wtf
User 2: once mai thodi hota hai
User 1: it's 20k give it properly in december
User 2: i will
User 1: no other work you have na
User 2: but still project i'll start i'm vacation in
User 1: what project
User 2: me and harsha
User 1: oklahoma okk you'll be here in december?
User 2: nono
User 1: then
User 2: from home only i'll do everything
User 1: don't you want the ai minor isn't that what you wanted to study coursera is free right you can do that whenever you want
User 2: yesss but then i can get one in data science and parallely learn ai through project haan but time dikshita
User 1: the data science is really bad on coursera i don't think you should change it
User 2: accha let's see chalo
User 1: cause i feel if you want to study ai further you will need your minor to get into a college and your minor is only going to help with your project otherwise you'll just be studying four whole subjects that you have no connection to with your interest
User 2: that's not compulsory project ka things are there in 7th seem da
User 1: it'll just be extra work then for you ya but it'll help your application
User 2: they teach you from scratch anyway accha chalo i'll see
User 1: okay
User 2: whens the last day
User 1: first see if you can change it otherwise no point
User 2: if you go and talk they do
User 1: gone last day acha okay go talk whatever you do at least get one minor
User 2: that's fornsure accha you didn't send any sexy snaps only
User 1: you slept at eight
User 2: you said you sent before that
User 1: haha we spoke at seven you were sleeping by eight what to do
User 2: i thought you'd sent i opened in the morning not one boob disappointed i'm shaving now lol
User 1: aww thank god yo pervert
User 2: hehe
User 1: those were pictures of my cute face
User 2: what good are they
User 1: perverttttttttttteddddd hehe noooooo jk
User 2: i'm cleannn
User 1: i'm sleepy
User 2: dont it's toonlate i saw the big data portion it's fine i'll do ai only thank god thats done wooho hiiii
User 1: hahaha awww
User 2: i love you
User 1: ya good choice tanisha had come
User 2: bye toh bolte
User 1: byeee
User 2: hey
User 1: hey
User 2: have a bath baby
User 1: missed video call you call me man you never call only aap meko phone nahin karte main aapko bap
User 2: aww cutie just woke up
User 1: shutting whatsapp if you wanna talk on instagram you come
User 2: whyyyy
User 1: cause people irritating sarthak lol
User 2: sarthak?
User 1: missed video call eight pm pudding pop matt katti aap meko phone nahin karte hello should i call idk i'll call at three okay pls wake me up by 8:30 pls are you awake should i call idk
User 2: ha awake thank you you sleep babu
User 1: haan i'm sleeping only eight hundred and thirty pls
User 2: awake na
User 1: haan just ate missed video call aap mera phone nahin uthae i sad
User 2: where are you man
User 1: i'm in the hall
User 2: where's this
User 1: iit pls come down to sign me in
User 2: ha
User 1: wake me up @8:45 am
User 2: when you sleeping
User 1: by twelve ish what are you doing? having fun ? came back home ?
User 2: not relaly waiting for rishab to come nooo
User 1: okk
User 2: i'll smoke up now is you sleeping
User 1: almost sleeping
User 2: 8:45 sleep abhi
User 1: yesss
User 2: kal subah i won't listen to any excuses
User 1: hahaha okkk make me study and not be overconfident
User 2: don't i always
User 1: yayy hi i'm sleepy i'm sleeping for some more time
User 2: kitne baje i wake you up
User 1: 10:45 my eyes hurt
User 2: no that's too late
User 1: no you're lying
User 2: wtf you deleted this message
User 1: lol
User 2: hello good morning
User 1: hii i woke up now i'm scared for tomorrow ka paper can we do belgian waffles for dinner instead ?
User 2: sure honey you know just have to revise once
User 1: my record will break then i will cry
User 2: no it won't
User 1: no one can beat me at digital 
User 2: get ready now
User 1: haan i'll go eat something
User 2: samee
User 1: aap meko kya bole the phone karoge  https:youtu.bedfaykyfyhbk hi missed video call
User 2: you're awake right
User 1: no belgian waffle at 7:45pm don't be late
User 2: yes darling when did you wake up study
User 1: when you didn't call me
User 2: motu
User 1: tum motu i'm very hungry kya karein ? kuch pizza type ho jae? bhook lagi haii
User 2: what you wanna do baby egg factory ke alava anything
User 1: pizza hut?
User 2: what time tell
User 1: eight
User 2: okayy come separately na?
User 1: ya
User 2: you have to give auto money
User 1: ya no problem
User 2: do have to reach before me
User 1: ok
User 2: hows it going
User 1: you're so high  hi jen kal smoke up nahin karna baby mera last day hai hi honey 8:45 try karna nahin uthi toh ten tak utha dena i love you sweetie how important is breakfast really leave ten is fine 8:45 and all no need i need sleep also no
User 2: aww okay ten
User 1: haan okay haan
User 2: i just came back i don't have internet
User 1: i'm feeling sad cause i'm leaving you and going   
User 2: same
User 1: now i feel i should've kept it for 3rd itself
User 2: change karalo
User 1: damn sad i feel haha abhi nahin possible hai payment complete ho gaya long back
User 2:  it's okay all the best for your paper honey
User 1: thanks jen pls leave honey i'm damn tired one hundred and sixty million, nine hundred and six thousand, three hundred and twenty-four i love you na babu don't be sad okay i'll be back asap
User 2: no i very sad very and disappointed that i didn't wake up yesterday
User 1: awww i love you sweetie
User 2: was harshit there with you last night
User 1: check if i left anything no
User 2: ha okay beautiful girl
User 1: jacket retainer ? i think i left my jacket ab it's there toh let it be
User 2: you better be naughty in the vacation. i cant stay without it you're my true drug only i feel
User 1:  aww
User 2: tell me when you also cru
User 1: also ? aww i told you don't cry
User 2: i felt like today okay after 2.5 years lol pyar che tu dikshita yeahhhh lol
User 1: awwww pyar che correct
User 2: we should have done it in the morning now you'll regret
User 1: i will regret i know but you will regret more and that's funny did i leave anything ? no it's not funny aww ily
User 2: pyar se khilead khilwad bura hai i'll check wait i'm pooping again
User 1:  morning mein bhi aap poop karne chale gaye uffo jenit
User 2: yesterday full day i didn't poop it's good today you picked ritika up na are you sleeping
User 1: ya picked ip on my way don't forget this babu go before lunch only ten am jaise
User 2: haa i love you too 
User 1: awww i love you na babyy chilll now call me when you can
User 2: when to call
User 1: whenever
User 2: video?
User 1: haan abhi nahin baad mein when i reach chennai
User 2: when you reach you only call whenever i miss you so much
User 1: i miss you tooo check in hasn't started this is damn funny
User 2: i told you toh fuck me to fuck me
User 1:  the poor driver was waiting i told you not to sleep maddo
User 2: no excuse i'm sorry
User 1: aww it's fine jen i had fun trying all different positions
User 2: we couldn't add more kitna you smoked were you high
User 1: yes i was i think i don't like the smoke ka high edibles are better
User 2: aww but what did you do that made you feel you were high
User 1: i could feel your arm on my head and weird weird sound was coming
User 2: i feel i wasted yesterday. i'm sorry
User 1: i was feeling paranoid one day in so many years peace che ne babydooollll and we had fun okay
User 2: you're safe in my arms dw haaaa dinner accha tha hehe
User 1: hahahah
User 2: i didn't get my afternoon nap man
User 1: haan dinner kiya kal aap kaffeee tired the i'm feeling vomitish i hate car chii
User 2: drink some water i didn't move all day what do you expect lol
User 1: ahahahha abhi jao pls mera kaam karo
User 2: i'll do dw
User 1: 19kgs four kgs free
User 2: broadneeck worked lol hottie
User 2: what you doing now drink something gatorade or hot chocolate or coffee
User 1: i ate masala dosaaaa now i have to wait for one hour
User 2: arre wah nicenice drink also or your head will ache
User 1: nooo i'll take something on the flight vaaridhi also doesn't like him ? acha did i leave anything there jen ? and get up and go to the office please
User 2: your video isn't working only
User 1: what can be done
User 2: jacket
User 1: internet is bad
User 2: it's fine
User 1: retainers ?
User 2: when is your flight from chennai
User 1: two something
User 2: no
User 1: peace
User 2: accha
User 1: this is very urgent babu
User 2: harshit is landing there at 3:30 i know baby dw
User 1: hahah i see haan please do it before the lunch break honey
User 2: kill me only na
User 1: arre so much time is there i'll tell you what you have to do also get your things go to the print shop and print out the thing fill it and submit i've sent it to you via mail also
User 2: yes dikshita roshan hooked up with one more nupur saxena
User 1: who that?
User 2: anushkas best friend chantal friends too
User 1: ohh the one who is from pune who that? the one who travels with divya
User 2: rishab
User 1: that choti girl
User 2: yes yes
User 1: ohhkk what is he upto hoeing around flying out bbye pls finish the work jen god will bless you love you sweetie i will see you soon af
User 2: i cry
User 1: i told you yesterday you were being lazy you didn't listen now you're crying aiyooo why jen relax
User 2: i regret you know dont i cried in front of you be happy
User 1: i love you na sweetie wtf when
User 2: that tear was there na
User 1: ohkayyy
User 2: baad utna hi
User 1: aww
User 2: fly safe
User 1:  i love you sweetie byeeeee i flyyyy
User 2: where should i submit the form
User 1: hostel place 13th block
User 2: okayy
User 1: chief warden office pls complete this work tell them i'm sick and so can't come on my own
User 2: okayy
User 1: couldn't come yesterday cause exam and all
User 2: yess
User 1: ask them what's the criteria for room allocation i fly
User 2: okayyyy love you
User 1: love you too landed
User 2: goooddd
User 1: missed video call kaam hua ?
User 2: going only
User 1: fingers crossedddd kya hua bau
User 2: i did yours mine is left
User 1: oh thank god they took it na ? they didnt say anything toh ?
User 2: no the criteria is cgpa
User 1:  bless you jenit okay now do yours
User 2: i have to get a print out i'll go after e three
User 1: aiyo ok
User 2: i love you
User 1: i love you too
User 2: eat food
User 1: i miss you babydoodle i'm eating guess what tho
User 2: pav bhaji as expected beauty kya kar rahe ho babyy
User 1: waiting finding out about my tech tatva money
User 2: you still didn't get it? wtf
User 1: got for two events one to go
User 2: noice tp ke liye kys kar rahe hi
User 1: masterchef
User 2: cute i miss you
User 1: i miss you too googlypooglypie you know what dress deepika wore for her wedding so uske jyada bhaari isha ambani wore for her ghar ka puja 
User 2: kollll for safe honey
User 1: i'm in the cabin sans earphone yay thank you love you
User 2: sans wow
User 1: miss you
User 2: love you too
User 1: imma nailing gre
User 2:  good
User 1: your work finished ? boarded departing
User 2: i'll go after youbfly
User 1: landed i flewwww i landed also . i'm feeling cold thinking about the cold
User 2: loll hello my thing won't happen today i had to go everywhere to get signatures 16th block and all so got all that i need bank info but couldn't call dad so came home
User 1: hiyoo
User 2: but only one thing is left
User 1: i'm in the plane only aww why so you went only for me aww okay now what kal toh closed
User 2: no i got most of my shit done yes it's fine i'll tell arav to do it
User 1: hahah okay yayy i'm going to have single room yipseee it'll be small but it's fine
User 2: cgoa will also be nice
User 1: yess but whatever i get it'll still be 9-
User 2: where did you land
User 1: kolkata
User 2: you said you'll reach around eight
User 1: when did i say this
User 2: aiyo lol it's fine when will you see mummy
User 1: at home
User 2: when
User 1: i think dad came now one half hours more
User 2: nice go drive
User 1: no wtf
User 2: you must practice some important things
User 1: nooo i know how to drive i'm not a driver man someone else can fucking drive the car arre it's not cold at all my family is mad
User 2: lies it's fun loll same in mumbai can't even expect it won't happen lol sad
User 2: i want home food what's for dinner
User 1: palak corn
User 2: not fair
User 1: my favourite
User 2: i want food
User 1: i told mom to make this
User 2: sad incru
User 1: aiyooo noo don't cry baby
User 2: my mom will make kachori
User 1: what are you eating ?
User 2: whatever i'm graced wihtmmth with
User 1: aiyoo i'm toh already feeling hungry
User 2: this is normal dinner time at my place lol
User 1: hahahah idm honestly but no snacking between lunch and dinner
User 2: i couldn't have sex with golu dikshjta after vacation you'll be all fit
User 1: now only hot dikshita no more golu polu like hot donna
User 2: hot donna cleavage is too good
User 1: as in ?
User 2: she looks too sluttuy
User 1: hahahha okayyyy
User 2: what movie to watch
User 1: main jo boloongi aap dekhoge ?
User 2: no
User 1: dadi had to be brought to the hospital she had a heart attack now she is fine though her report had come toh in the morning only i had seen it toh samajh aaya tha ki waves normal nahin hai beats per minute was too fast and blood pressure bhi high tha but that was always the case
User 2: so she was brought to the hospital early right how is she now are y'all in the hospital where are you honey call me soon
User 1: haan she's fine she started complaining of chest pain at 11pm so vidushi and i went i took pulse it came ninety-six and bp came 160100
User 2: bapre
User 1: but she said she wasn't being able to breathe so vidushi said oxygen lagana padega immediately so we went to the hospital ecg mein inverted t wave aaya
User 2: so lucky y'all have a doctor
User 1: fuck that shit even i knew she was having a heart attack but the big question is
User 2: then i'm lucky to have you
User 1: she didn't complain of radiating left arm pain and her pain was central chest which means that maybe it wasn't a heart attack at all i think it's a severe case of gas
User 2: all the symtomd aren't always necessary
User 1: no no no they are
User 2: it's fine she's safe now good
User 1: block hai coronary mein angiography hoga
User 2: what is that
User 1: now 34 grandparents have had heart problem coronary is the artery supplying blood and oxygen to the heart muscles from the heart itself cause even the heart needs oxygen right so if that is blocked how will the heart work
User 2: this i meant
User 1: so then angiography is a minimally invasive procedure in which they put stent so that the artery remains distended and doesn't collapse and block the path of the blood
User 2: permanent?
User 1: yes nani already has these they've given her blood thinners so that the heart has to work less but blood thinner diya toh bp aur bhi bhar jayega
User 2: is she still in the hospital
User 1: yaaa she's in the icu chest pains ke saath they don't leave no
User 2: you'll go visit?
User 1: not allowed in ccu vidushi went already
User 2: what are you doing today
User 1: starting gre it's become coldddd
User 2: yesterday toh you said it wasn't good good even i'll start tomorrow today i'm doing coding my lunch today if ice cream lol
User 1: aiyoo period started throw party but my back is killing me
User 2: hello i had four ice creams feels good nicerrr awe it's okay just 1st day i have to pack today bapre
User 1:  pack
User 2: haven't startrd i slept and then i was doing thoda work what did you study today aww i missed you ctuie pie where are you i have to wake up early
User 1:  i miss you too baby finish packing na
User 2: dinner came that time then we played pubg i'm planning to do in morning
User 1: you didn't call me for pubg i sad
User 2: you didn't reply only busy ho how will i
User 1: nooo i want to talk to you when you're free aww ily but if i text when mom is there she will say why this that
User 2: arre why haaa talk
User 1: arre she's like that only she doesn't like it when two independent people are overly dependant on each other she doesn't like insecure people actually abhi like for example
User 2: what example
User 1: vidushis guy is a doctor instead of coming to the hospital he was like why aren't you talking and all 2am his surgery finished and vidushi herself was with dadi in the hospital till thirteen 12 and he's calling her after two to talk to her and then not letting her sleep and not even talking important things dude one day you hear my mom and i talking you'll find out how judgemental we are you don't know cause we don't talk like that
User 2: i like me like that. i sleep before you
User 1: hahaha
User 2: i like you causyyou are internally judgemental
User 1:  hassan haaan jenty penty are you free to talk to me
User 2: pretty i'm watching 70s show so simultaneously
User 1: do you want to pubg
User 2: not now you should play
User 1: ya i will yay
User 2: with your new earphones
User 1:  eric's not there in season eight i tried my saree today hehe i forgot to tell you  it's damn nice i hope mom buys it fingers crossed it's soooooo pretttyyyyyy but she's like it's printed so i'll not get it for you it's legit just a very pretty printed saree with sparkles here and there satya paul so 23.5 so mom's like nooooo not worth it damn sad dude and i was looking so nice in it she draped it for me and all so gaya baby aww  i have a horrible headache
User 2: try to take pictures when you wear all that aee hehe why awake till so late even at home? pubg you were playing?
User 1: no i wasn't playing pubg
User 2: then
User 1: i was trying to sleep
User 2: aww cutie i got my thing done today then the lift stopped working so had to get all luggage down by stairs good workt
User 1: aiyo when are you landing my baby have a safe flight
User 2: just reaching the airport
User 1: what ! flight departs at 12?
User 2: one thousand, two hundred and forty
User 1: ohkk you just made it good good
User 2: so much reshuffling they made me do damn sad and irritating but i'm on timeee i have thirty rs left  the tea and coffee also start from forty
User 1: missed video call aww busy babyyy call meeeee have a safe flight i love you ghochiii
User 2: wasn't getting internet just got
User 1: aiyooo i love you jen jen your internet is kharab
User 2: juice and all wow which juice
User 1: orange juice yummmsss abhi fir aap tired ho gaye? abhi aap kya karoge
User 2: noo i slept well now i'll watch got on plane then go home and lunch
User 1: yayyyy
User 2: then i'll try to meet friends delayed to 4pm
User 1: what why aiyo what are you doing then?
User 2: my laptop djed and the charger is checked in ripp
User 1: charge it baby ayo
User 2: i'll charge my phone and watch 70s shown lol
User 2: i want food 
User 1: ya what else download this app magoosh gre vocab
User 2: i have jt
User 1: then do that
User 2: not now now i need to pass time first year wali nikita is also stuck with me lol what are you going today
User 1:  gre math
User 2: did you start delayed to 4:45 great i was supposed to be in mumbai rn
User 1: i did start dadu came so met him now i'm going back to sleep the weather is too good and my head and back are hurting aiyo baby
User 2: how is it like
User 1: thanda no need for ac fan stay under a rajai and read a book type weather. hot chocolate with marshmallow
User 2: ae man i'll go to mumbai and at night also i'll be sweating aaj ke same plans kharab
User 2: such a waste of time man
User 1: lol
User 2: i drink coffee hehe
User 1: kitna plans banaya baby i saw your face i happy
User 2: i was planning to go out for a drive with school people so i can eat chicken lol
User 1: lol
User 2: me too hehe
User 1: first reach home
User 2: when is praniti coming back
User 1: how do you have so much desire to meet people i toh hate it i'm like let me chill at home what's your problem fifteen
User 2: i miss them
User 1: hawws why i'm not enough or what   yayyyyyyyyy
User 2: you left early because you wanted to go home don't tell me
User 1: cause i missed my home can't believe you're comparing my home with your school friend ss
User 2:  chill 1.5 hours more
User 1: lol go go
User 2: fuck
User 1: have fun aww baby chill watch 70s show do gre
User 2: this are you sleeping
User 1: i will be this weather is making me sleepy
User 2: cuteee. chal dleerpppp
User 2: boarding might start earlier
User 1: hi honey flew kya ? have a safe flight baby
User 2: just boarded how are you awake so early
User 1: kitna late ho gaya had to pee going back to sleep
User 2: kitna sleep
User 1: more than you can imagine
User 2: i can imagine quite a lot from you
User 1:  thoda aur basss just till you land
User 2: that will be a while lol
User 1: landed baby?
User 2: just did we were in mumbai airspace for forty mins busy airport hai
User 1: haan correct now home time
User 2: i'll reach by eight hundred and thirty too far and then luggage also i can't wait for home food
User 1: okayy
User 2: rishab talks shit about kaustub have to kill him with care 
User 1: aiyo jenit you're being very very very very very stupid don't do it
User 2: dude he's doing it no one insults kaustubh he's nice plus i'm not making any rash decisions
User 1:  dad bought samsung a9 instead of oneplus 6t
User 2: four cameras look very weird but next step nicee
User 1: hatt waste
User 2: aare same picture from different anglea for different functionalities you don't understand tech only eee hatt set wala is coming today i'll send pic
User 1: dad won't be able to take oooooooh set set which set jewellery set or stage set
User 2: i don't know so much okay
User 1: lolssss
User 2: her sangeet clothes are getting here
User 1: oooooh she will look nice in that 4.5cr
User 2: both you like simpler
User 1: where is this ? location ?
User 2: basic price doesn't included other things near pheonix
User 1: what's this ? ooooh nice deepika padukone stays there this came from delhi ?
User 2: but you like simpler clothes
User 1: i like it simpler haaan
User 2: she will stay in the world's highest residential tower yess how did you know
User 1: oh which designer? i know everything dude this isn't bombay working that's why it's clearly delhi plus it's written
User 2: accha it's delhi written in the pic lol
User 2: that's why i was like how so smart
User 1: hahah no dude
User 2: not very dikshita like
User 1: i can understand otherwise also heavy work na
User 2: why don't you like heavy
User 1: cause i'm the showstopper not my dress
User 2: but bride will be too full of make up and jewelery dikhega hi nahi
User 1: means ? ya the priority list is first me then my jewellery then dress
User 2: how can someone look very beautiful if there are so many things hiding it
User 1: hahahah exactly na so light dress i have to shine na i have to look good and people have to say wow she's looking so pretty not that dress is looking so nice and just the dress will be light not the jewellery that's going to be fucking over the top so my dress has to be something that shows that off
User 2: good plan dikshita you decide mine also
User 1: mad or what your mom is a designer you wear what she says
User 2: but it's your marriage
User 1: so
User 2: aww jheal just came home she got a lot of color brown hair bapre big boss chslu 
User 1: she coloured her hair? wah send your sisters pre wedding photos lol what is everyone doing?
User 2: photoshoot? jewelery guy i pubg hehe
User 1: send photoshoot send more motu
User 2: getting sent
User 1: mom wants to see
User 2: tell the messages
User 1: no i'm showing her i'm showing vidushi also cause she's looking very pretttyyyy
User 2: tell
User 1: bridal glowwwww this
User 2: hehe
User 1: then this
User 2: hehe did they like
User 1: wait mom isn't here yet she's coming you text later gator
User 2: okayy
User 1:  mom said your sister is very very beautiful
User 2: hehe tell her thanks what does she think about jinkesh
User 1: arre who will see him in front of your sister aee everyone is there it's normal size only
User 2: waitt
User 1: not small like that no i feel shyy
User 2: hehe jheal
User 1: noooooo i shy dumbo dumbo
User 2: hehe she was toh ready to say hi
User 1:  no i feel shy pubg?
User 2: wait
User 1: in aankhon ki masti ke mastaane hazaaron hai mastaane hazaaron haii
User 2: come online
User 1: yay
User 2: leave the match
User 1: i miss you jen i want to cuddle with youuuu 
User 2: i want to cuddle too honey what you do
User 1: aww hi i do tv but now my head is hurting so i should sleep
User 2: what are you watching
User 1: 70s but my head is paining
User 2: even i'm sleeping now
User 1: i just want to chill with you in kolkata
User 2: no
User 1: then i have everything i want you have up to i want it
User 2: aw
User 1: you have to you have to you have to
User 2: done then
User 1: it's a nice place dude you can just chill at home weather is good
User 2: one day
User 1: sleep off haan
User 2: you too
User 1: lol
User 2: goodnight
User 1: i want to cuddle in cold cold weather you sleep?
User 2: hehe i don't know what that feeling is like it's never cold yess
User 1:  aww baby sleep i love you honey bunny
User 2: i love you tooo my current shoes make me six feet plus lol i asked dad for the small car for manipal he laughed so loudle :(
User 1: hey that's me !!! aww what a cutes blue colour ? tell them to make it more dark na
User 2: yep dad got the material
User 1: yaaaay
User 2: it's darker now i'll give measurements
User 1: give
User 2: and tonight i have to go for the dance thing
User 1: become more fat first
User 2: fml
User 1: you're too thin haha
User 2: haa
User 1: aww send video
User 2: dance or acting let's see when that from and who is that
User 1: that's suyash my buas son he's very very high in the video lolll
User 2: lil .
User 1: mom's 25th celebration jen jen jen jen jen
User 2: helloo i'm at the places
User 1: i sent you my dance video now you have to send me yours
User 2: let me find out what i'm going to do at least
User 1: in my dream they uploaded marks for gtd cs and one lab gtd cs i got eighty-six and seventy-six respectively i got a in both i couldn't see which lab it was and what i got i was so frustrated in my sleep
User 2:  they don't show marks stop stressing it out you always do this
User 1: they showed in my dream
User 2: it went well na so chill
User 1: i can get 9.5 this time jennnnnn 9.5 is soooooo goooood finally i will have an academic medal
User 2:  oh yeah that happens will never know sad
User 1: that's because you'll not study subjects only what can anyone do
User 2: you study in a bad way cant hel
User 1: you don't study at all plus i understood everything i studied stupid stuff i don't need i mug up but there's nothing to understand in that now what am i supposed to remember in what is run off and factors affecting runoff acha you know how my oe is biomedical instrumentation right that's my first option then i have given rehabilitation engineering then third option i gave earth sciences so if my first two get cancelled then i'll get earth sciences and that's pranjals first option so just know that now otherwise you'll say you don't tell me anything karke
User 2: the difference true
User 1: haan
User 2: but why are all your oes such loser type
User 1: cause this is what i want to do aiyo and if i don't get bme ka oe i don't want a heavy subject simply studying something i am not interested in
User 2: physics karlete kaam bhi ata
User 1: chiiiiii i got c you know na in physics never chi potty
User 2: pregnancy scare tha  remember???
User 1: hahaha no not because of that 100 otherwise also c only i would've got i hated it x100
User 2: i missed my sure a but eh i'm not a father
User 1: lol
User 2: happy enough
User 1: ten years in the future you'll be very sad if you have to say this line
User 2: badme ki baat badme
User 1: bolo mat aise baar baar god will hear he'll actually not give kids
User 2: im not saying anything wrong man
User 1: no don't do bas
User 2: okayy now i'm at the second place captain marvel new trailer is out
User 1: ooooh
User 2: sawwww?
User 1: ya it's nice what about the special invite
User 2: matlab captain marvel is too strong like the actual physical invite? we decided for an e invite for everyone and only the closest one get a proper one who will go invite one thousand people individually dude the event people will make all the follow up calls and stuff. we barely do anythingn
User 1: yes  good just enjoy the wedding jen i'm feeling very cold aap pooche bhi nahin dadi ka kya hua very bad
User 2: you said she's fine in the hospital and i'm out since morning okay how's she now i want that cold man i have a headache due to heat
User 1: now she's at home
User 2: how's she but
User 1: she's fine she had an anxiety attack cause she has nothing to do and her life is kind of over
User 2: hey my dadi is also here let's hope for the best
User 1: jen jen jen i have to sing for mom's party dilbaro and tere bina zindagi se koi ughs i don't like singing
User 2: what which party
User 1: arre she's throwing a party for her friends she throws one every year just like a choti get together i'm feeling very cold aiyo hot hot weather to cold cold weather auto aiyo
User 2: what the temp aiyo wear socks in the house gloves zyada hoga
User 1: hahah abhi temp is twenty-seven rn thirteen at night kya haal chaal boss?
User 2: just woke up from a nap
User 1: ()
User 2: going for more work
User 1: kitna you sleep sleepy boy hahah do do dress ka kya ? as in jacket or whatever 
User 2: sherwani
User 1: that's only for the groom dumbo tumhara sherwani thodi hota hai ?
User 2: hai pagal jokes on you
User 1: acha youre buying dulha type kapda what can i do aiyo you jokee im going shopping again reebok nike type for tracks and then dinner and drinks at salt house ayyyayyyy what amazing truffle rissotto from today over now holiday over from tomorrow gym driving etc etc etc etc etc gre coursera
User 2: gym and driving sure 
User 1: ya i have to get up early also
User 2: go to drive at traffic time
User 1: dad doesn't take me that time
User 2: go alone tomorrow daar ke aage jeet just stay relaxed driving is easy
User 1: i hate it you be the driver i'll sit like a queen
User 2: driving is my zen time where you'll talk too much hehe jk dad's shaerwani has lavender but like i need color
User 1: this one is smart definitely
User 2: my mom said no lol 
User 1: this is too much
User 2: jk
User 1: but it's smart dude
User 2: tell color for this
User 1: idk ninety-nine i think choose a dark colour noooo jen this oneee it'll make you look broader this one has buttons in the centre na aap thin lagoge
User 2: i know lol it's a day function so lightest green we decided moms selected lavender
User 1:  okay opposite choice oops
User 2: both our family's are opposite jinx
User 1: correct
User 2: our shaddhi ke function will be weird 
User 1: theek hai kya hai
User 2: i have to go to bandra tomorrow can't even rest in vacations
User 1: aiyo baby that's not that far thh i feel your dad and i will get along well he seems to have a good sense of humour
User 2: tis during the day he has a dad humor yours isn't too great either maybe you will get along your dad and i will sit in awkward silence
User 1: my dad won't say anything you want to talk talk to mom she will talk about everything whatever
User 2: haa i'll talk to her
User 2: she's too young for her age damn nice
User 1: correct
User 2: dikshita where you disappeqr
User 1: hi baby sorry my phone died cause no charge i had gone shopping i bought chappal and i also bought a pair of tights yayy you slept so soon aiyo that sweater was needed dude it was too cold
User 2: which sweater i'm awakkeee i just came home
User 1: aww babyyy
User 2: after the dance thing i chilled with zahra
User 1: show video
User 2: driving is such a stress reliever
User 1: che
User 2: chi to which one  driving or zahra hahahah we didn't dance today
User 1: baby u r
User 2: huh
User 1: awww
User 2: jiju is keeping a cocktail party lolll
User 1: with drinks ?
User 2: he booked a night club for it so yes stupid
User 1: wow interesting
User 2: good morninggg wake upp
User 1: gm only fish you get there jen my dream was so good i am stunned that i even thought of something like this i can't remember anything right now what it was it was something similar to chamber of secrets and something to do with trekking it was crazy too good too good i absolutely cannot remember what it was otherwise i would've told you pakka wahhh interesting show clothes
User 2: this place is tooo posh the workers here are like butlers hehe
User 1: send photo na
User 2: wait i'm seeing
User 2: i don't think photos are allowed
User 1: arre everything is allowed when i'm asking for it nice buying this? draping is for women don't steal our style bro
User 2: just going through listen this one or yesterday's
User 1: yesterday's this is not smart that was a classic piece
User 2: i should have been in minsk rn
User 1: corrwct you should have been
User 2: i took your choice and didn't take this one
User 1: smart choice this looks like a saree ka drape not nice
User 2: looks royal na
User 1: no i'm going to russia in july
User 2: how why with mom? what about technical internship
User 1: to party
User 2: who all da also minsk is not in russia lel
User 1: okay i didn't know where it is so i'm going basically and i might also go to sri lanka in april
User 2: exams?
User 1: lolsss
User 2: with whom
User 1: hahahahaha mom only
User 2: travelicious na april toh nahi hoga
User 1: yes
User 2: russia where where and when and how long
User 1: it's with aunties naa ask your mom if she wants to come later i'll send when the final thing is ready 2nd july sort of for one week
User 2: but i don't want our moms together
User 1: jain food lagega kya kyun moti
User 2: mom will get dw 
User 2: mom's talk too much sort where in russia
User 1: you want to come ?
User 2: na. internship
User 1: moscow and one more place july mein kaunsa ? st petersburg
User 2: i'll find na there are kids too kya?
User 1: no kids only me and vidushi
User 2: she's like ill need company from here. i didn't wanna say you'll get your mom's company
User 1: sri lanka you want to come ?
User 2: and rest? auntie's?
User 1: haan all aunties 30 wale aunties
User 2: end sems end on 7th may
User 1: haan theek hai so she can bring whoever she likes loll haan so the dates are 6th april for one week na
User 2: lab exams na baby
User 1: lol loser
User 2: then you won't get good gpa and you'll cry
User 1: i'm toh going bye bye
User 2: rip gpa
User 1: thank god finally you asked it will still be more than yours babydoll
User 2: dikshita don't go for a week. lab end sems will happen then don't be stupid i mean i know you're not going but might as well play along you deleted this message lol
User 1: if i go obviously i'll not go during exam no and mom will get it made last minute for me woa
User 2: pagal dad won't be happy lol
User 1: dad already said no for china now toh i will go
User 2: stubborn kid chi
User 1: no man i didn't understand aap mera phone nahi uthae
User 2: i am with dad doing work ttyp
User 1: aiyo okay
User 2: hello im free now
User 1: hi
User 2: i was helping dad edi the wedding list
User 1: kya buy kiya
User 2: like on excel today i didnt buy anythin
User 1: good beta god bless you
User 2: dad placed his order my order ill go on friday and place different place the one you selected
User 1: yaaaay good good
User 2: what you do
User 1: gre maths vocab before gym gym at six now fruits
User 2: good haa do have thoda dry fruits at five hundred and thirty
User 1: nahi
User 2: energy don't do natak moti
User 1: but that's fatty
User 2: good fat its the fat that gets burnt for instant energy and then eventually the bad fat gets burnt if you dont eat then tumhare bodyb ke carbs will be used which dont provide enough energy so you'll be energetic only at the start and then wont be able to work out for a longer whi while what all did you do todayyy
User 1: achaaaaa itna socha nahi maine woke up
User 2: i meant gym mai kya kiya hehe you started singing? which kids
User 1: kakis kids nilesh ritesh nitya basic suicide planks and pull ups and all starting jaisa arre i don't like singing in front of people i feel shy
User 2: but you are still doing it so too many bapre and i don't think they are young enough to play with  pubg kheloge toh bolna
User 1: haha no not pubg they will play arre we have to take decision for dadi ka angio kya karna hai mujhe abhi ek cheez strike kiya aapko maloom hai aapka spine ka problem hai tab bhi aap kaise lie down karke padhte ho abuse karte ho aapka spine mujhe suddenly itna gussa aaya aap ke upar aap ekdum nahin karoge ab
User 2: haa i stopped doing pagal what decision
User 1: chennai they're going for testing no invasive procedures yet
User 2: good only then angiography not needed because no heart attack na
User 1: no dude kara lo i think cause now it is in our control later what if it's not because blockage hai pakkkaaaaa babydoll
User 2: keep updating with what's happening with her are you with kidss
User 1: no drafting internship completion certificate
User 2: huh
User 1: for my internship iit when i got ? no jen her thing is psychological now there's nothing wrong with her she just thinks that something is mom's going to go to chennai with her probably i'll go also
User 2: gogo when tho i know but what you mean drafting it?
User 1: after 9th before 14th i'll chill with my nani and come back
User 2: . you seem busy
User 1: as in ? i am i'm pooping ya i can write whatever i want they'll sign and send
User 2: ohh like that accha nice i reminded you kya 
User 1: no no i remembered oooh that's a glue gun
User 2: without glue hence only great heat
User 1: oooh
User 2: chalo i'm playing pubg. you play with kids. if you come online then tell mr
User 1: okayyyyyyyyyyyyy kids went to sleep na i came back home also longgg back arre my pubg isn't opening you give me a call whenever you get free
User 2: reinstall you have a lot of space dikshita haaaaa
User 1: haann
User 2: hello
User 1: hi baby wassup i'm just going to go to sleep
User 2: why so early what time will you wake up at
User 1: i'm tired
User 2: aww
User 1: i'll wake up when i wake up
User 2: dangerous nice i think i'll go for an early jog tomorrow
User 1: jog where inside the house ? jen two days to result
User 2: wtf marine drive i'm chilling you do too
User 1: that's near my house you can go there also hehe jennn listen na so your sister will get married and go to jinkesh ka house on the same day kya ?
User 2: no one day brrak
User 1: like generally in your family vidaai of the bride is on the same day as the wedding ?
User 2: and then next day i have to go to jinkeshs place get his whole family to mine and then when they leave jheal will go with them something like thag
User 1: haan same system for us also good
User 2: they'll go to hotel or something na i don't know
User 1: actually going on the same day and all is too much drama
User 2: but they are coming back late from alibaug movies sleep baby
User 1: arre suddenly idk why i thought of this puchki
User 2: bathroom doesn't have wifi
User 1: lol aapko mera bathroom kaisa laga aapke new house ka interior main design karoon ?
User 2: all these big sized bathrooms i see in hotel only lol jabhi hoga tabhi why not
User 1: are you kidding this is damn chota
User 2: loll if there is a division between shower and toilet it's already big lol
User 1: really ??
User 2: dude my bathrooms are like 1.5 times the hostel bathrooms just better looking
User 1: your bathroom is bigger or smaller than your pragati ka ?
User 2: loll
User 1: oh jinx
User 2: bigger can't have smaller
User 1: haan main aapko design send karoongi
User 2: why not
User 1: aap interior designer ko dikhana voh same same bana degi aapka
User 2: you sleep man. you're not going to wake up before eleven i feel done
User 1: aapka new house isse bada hai kya ?
User 2: we haven't booked anything yet
User 1: acha same two flats join karoge ?
User 2: dad's like the market for buying hosues is down whatever that means
User 1: acha
User 2: i think we might get a 3bhk
User 1: real estate ka kuch hoga
User 2: that's the word i'm looking for lol
User 1: i think that translates to 2bhk in my language
User 2: joining two flats?
User 1: no no 3bhk three bola lekin hoga toh two ka size ka
User 2: no like rooms are same size only
User 1: achaaa
User 2: like yours
User 1: nice hoga then
User 2: just chotu bathrooms
User 1: oh good but bathrooms are my favourite partttt
User 2: are you talking about my current house or future
User 1: cause you can put rain shower and all future da current toh over na
User 2: future wala book toh karne do i wanna move man
User 1: haaaaan
User 2: dad doesn't like moving and shut he's like acchs toh hai even though it's not
User 1: haan he's used to it na your society is good toh ?
User 2: like renovation i don't wanna get done.
User 1: my society is damn bad dude
User 2: i want new new yeahyeah doesnt matter house to help accha hai na chill
User 1: haaan mom's saying then also to buy new better building
User 2: when
User 1: with attached club and all abhi for vidushis dowry
User 2: aiyo dowry and all shi
User 1: kya shi your sister is also taking
User 2: yeah but not entire hosue
User 1: ya cause it's too expensive for you guys bacha
User 2: just a lotta jewelry and a completely new wardrobe
User 1: but she's taking jewelry na haan same thing
User 2: how much are the houses that can be given in dowry in calcutta
User 1: i realllllyyyyy want to see your sister ka sets jitna bataya tha aapko
User 2: i'll tell mom to send when it gets done i don't remember
User 1: i love jewellery dude kitna tha i'm also not remembering the most expensive house in kolkata is a huge duplex with club and all that's 10cr
User 2: i'll take it
User 1: https:goo.glimagesnxfzhh it's amazing dude
User 2: it's not build yet kya
User 1: you're ambani's son or what no it's getting built like everytime i come there's a little more built
User 2: if i sell both my flats rn i'll get just under 10, phir thoda aur dalkar lelo
User 1: aajao chill karenge
User 2: dude there are so many glad buildings gets made in south mumbai
User 1: raja maharaja ke tarah rahoge aap
User 2: glass buildings were only in powai before with nothing around what good is that
User 1: everything is there aur chahiye toh abroad jao ghoomne india mein kya aapko mazaa hai pata nahi log hi log kach kach
User 2: india mai aap ho bahit maza toh hai
User 1: lol
User 2: sleep now even i'm
User 1: haan good night
User 2: goodnight pumpkin
User 1: mein saare cities ka gdp dekh rahi thi mumbai first fir delhi fir kolkata ranking mein
User 2: 3rd kolkata?
User 1: haan
User 2: what about blore and chennai
User 1: lol people are poor there what to do which south indian is rich ?
User 2: tanisha
User 1: lol no jen just cause she spends doesn't mean she's rivh
User 2: her dad also spends acche see na
User 1: she's an only child dude do you know how expensive children are chal ttyt good night
User 2: haa 
User 2: helllioooo
User 1: h e l l o two d a y s t o r e s u l t s
User 2: stop being extra you shouldn't even be scared gm we won miramir today lol
User 1: i'm scared
User 2: pubg?
User 1: no results what if i don't get 9.5 dude what do i have to do to get that shit
User 2: man relax yar you pressurize yourself too much can't you just chill you'll get man stop thinking about it move freely thoda
User 1:  aap mere pe mat chillao
User 2: i no scream i say chill baas just do that cutie got ready?
User 1: ya long back ate also doing mom's work
User 2: what work party?
User 1: yas
User 2: singgggggg
User 1: so bad
User 2: what bad
User 1: my singing
User 2: true data dat aapka rap accha hai par woh karlo party ke liye lol dikshitaaaaa i am taking part in the marathon woohoo i filled the thing in the morning
User 1: chi dirty boy you'll not do again haan we'll see
User 2: i am participating in the 21k 21k if i signed up then toh i have to do all these mayur and all have abs now even i want to be fit parents wwill shout because i will loe weight and not fit in the clothes lol rip
User 1: oooooh okay jen jen jen
User 2: wait
User 1: lolz hack into pubg na learn and then teach me dumbo
User 2: hack what
User 1: pubg
User 2: but what to hack in that how to ever die?
User 1: no like if you can understand how to hack then you can fire through walls and all
User 2: hacking all that isnt easy and illegal
User 1: sex before marriage is also illegal oops do the do learn to hack pubg and then teach me pls
User 2: i can't hack hogaya
User 1: learn naaaaaaa so cool
User 2: man i fucked up my laptop oops
User 1: no recoil can shoot through walls so cools pls jen pls
User 2: where did you see all this
User 1: try at least one guy killed me like this once i was nicely sitting in the room he came and killed me from outside the house and the room was a closed room so not through a window tell
User 2: those are called glitches
User 1: no it's. a. hack. missed video call naughty
User 2: hello
User 1: hello what's up we're off to the gymmmm for some excercise healthy wealthy sexy thighs excercise excercise
User 2: hehe even i exercised thoda
User 1: go to the gym
User 2: my legs have become very very weak
User 1: build na
User 2: i'll jog only lifting at home
User 1: okie
User 2: only thoda is needed
User 1: achaaa
User 2: chalo gogo text me when you leave don't do extra
User 1: haan i'm feeling tensed about the gre quantitative kiya usmein bhi data analysis mein acha nahin kiya maine baaki teeno theek tha arithmetic algebra geometry
User 2: is this english?
User 1: data analysis not nice no math
User 2: im done with maths
User 1: and i opened qualitative usmein toh i got 33 right kaise karein ? aur ets ka books chodke kaunsa books hai ?
User 2: princeton
User 1: woh toh koi recommend nahin kiya which ones do you have ? acha okay kab hai tumhara paper ?
User 2: december end i forgot date lol
User 1: okay
User 2: hello kyabkar rahe ho
User 1: hello pata nahin kya hai mera phone aaj kal 15 pe off ho jata hai
User 2:  it's actually old now aur kitna two years toh hogaya
User 1: poora finish hoga undergraduate fir new loongi google pixel
User 2: one plus only
User 1: nope google pixel ya one plus chroma mein jaake loongi lekin woh toh kolkata mein nahin hai lol aap baat toh karo my magoosh app is called gre vocabulary
User 2: you have to take phones online noe for flagship  sorry these people are smoking up and i'm scared they do it in open i'm not smoking mine is flash cards wala
User 2: why is vidushi wearing indian
User 1: she's not even wearing indian man see
User 2: oops but why is she wearing jeans oh kolkata right.....
User 1: cause it's cold dumbo plus it's a hostel party so this is also little extra only
User 2: ....
User 1: kyaaaa
User 2: apparently two of my friends pecked yesterday for some dare
User 1: girls ?
User 2: guys 
User 1: oopppssyy go peck a guy send a video
User 2: you know it will never happen na
User 1: lolz
User 2: what you doooo guests are over now shish ya
User 1: awwww
User 2: i smell of smoke rippp
User 1: shady friends not good
User 2: and yet they have stayed with me for more than ten years
User 1: hmmm
User 2: so should i select shady people or people like somiya you only tell one of my mama's family is over
User 1: over?
User 2: they are helping us with the boxes at home where are youuu
User 1: hi baby i was here only i was playing you slept kya itna fast missed video call
User 2: i was toh kabka texting you only didn't reply you didn't even call to play
User 1: i am calling since then
User 2: you just like playing with your incestual brother
User 1: plus i thought you will be chilling with mama no mannnn
User 2: we were packing boxes now they are covering it with plastic and the heater
User 1: haan abhi done?
User 2: so no work for me
User 1: hahah okayyy why you said this i felt bad i sad
User 2: i won't play with you now go
User 1: you never play with me anywayyyy
User 2: i tih keep telling you to call me but okau
User 1: i always cakl either you're outside or something ab if you're busy what to do and right now you want to play when everyone is packing ? should go help na ab kya aapko main aaj pehli baar khelne i sat raat ko chi aapse baat karna hi useless hai unless you can get it out of your mind about magi mahi  it's very very irritating and extremely unnecessary aage aapko jo karna hai aap karo
User 2: you calling him mahi is also irritating and calling him sandy is also irritating
User 1: aiyo
User 2: this is true but irritating
User 1: everyone calls them that
User 2: so aapko aahge jo karna hai karlo good for you
User 1: kya hai aapko agar problem hai toh at least have the balls to say ki problem hai it's not like i'm playing without telling you chori chori ooh game game aapko multiple times poocha hai aap har baar bole no problem fir aap aise behave karoge then it's extremely bad on your part
User 2: it is but i get irritated i have no problem you talking to them
User 1: fine then show it
User 2: but when their names comes up i get irritated
User 1: abhi what can i do if i'm hot 
User 2: nothing i'll text tomorrow goodnight
User 1: okay bad night
User 2: petty shit
User 1: dumbo bad night for me not you you have a good night
User 2: perf bye fuck you i love you argh chut 
User 1: ei meko gaali mat do i love you too na missed video call
User 2: video call nahi hoga
User 1: kyun
User 2: you sleep baby guests are hime and jheal is like you have to stay in the room
User 1: haan okk ya obviously jenit they'll want to talk and all go go talk
User 2: my family isn't the talking kind
User 1: nahi doesn't mean you can go in the room and sleep
User 2: kaam se kaam
User 1: that's like nethraa
User 2: ha i'm here only hello
User 1: haan hello kya hua time mila
User 2: they left my mama is telling my sister that even he'll shown up for the bachelor's  or she'll die 
User 1: as in ?
User 2: jinkeshs bachelor party da
User 1: no this
User 2: he's like make sure jinkesh sends me an invite or he won't have a bride to marry he's the funny mama of the fam
User 1: haha  that's too good you said no one in your family tells talks
User 2: arre toh mama can't pull someone let kya and that time everyone was working
User 1: hehe funny family haan so it's not like no one talks na
User 2: obviously i mean i don't talk i'm a listener
User 1: hahaha aww
User 2: why you awake
User 1: i seee why you awake ? i'm instagram
User 2: 70s you felt bad kya that i said first sem mai i would have done
User 1: no i mean i know you would've but ya
User 2:  aww baby i love you so much.
User 1: cause it's still cheating
User 2: your the best girl
User 1: cause we were exclusive
User 2: fwb tha
User 1: you're .
User 2: yeah so that's just breaking the deal eh
User 1: so you have to tell me first then do
User 2: some parallel universe jenit is having fun
User 1: not done i would've felt damn bad dude
User 2: but not as much fun as me aww cutie .
User 1: thoda you should think na saamne wale ka leave it jenit aaj din kharab hai
User 2: that's why i said only 1st sem
User 1: even first sem
User 2: aiyo relax dikshita
User 1: it's morally your job to tell not good
User 2: it's a problem for parallel universe wali dikshita i would have na why are you getting upset about something impossible 
User 1: you already did this anyway
User 2: it's fjnny
User 1: with chantal idk you brought it up
User 2: huh
User 1: you deal with the consequences
User 2: aiyo goodnight i'm sleeping i love you sleep pagal
User 1: smell sleep gn
User 2: you sleep
User 1: katti
User 2: don't be sad baby nooo
User 1: no i'm katti
User 2: such a cute girl 
User 1: no i'm still katti
User 2: you're very pure hearted dikshita i'm blessed af batti tu khaye matti
User 1: you also have to be pure heater hearted
User 2: aww
User 1: put others above got you even if it's your enemy not good not good
User 2: what
User 1: this is a big difference with us i don't want it to be a problem put others above you people feel bad about small things
User 2: it wont
User 1: you have to be thoda careful
User 2: i'm very empathetic for the people i care
User 1: and if you especially want to hurt them then good help you sweetie . god
User 2: why are you being so offensive out of nowhere. it was just a random thing i just said. jeez i love you. g n
User 1: i don't know leave out it
User 2: ha
User 1: i'm not being offensive i'm letting you know that it's not right i love you too
User 2: man today i gave a poor mother kid and her son fifty bucks and fed a stray dog parle g
User 1: aww
User 2: i'd rather be sweet to such people that i don't know
User 1: what a cute
User 2: than other people who jndont know so don't say itna i'm not stupid you don't need to treat me like a kid i k ow right and wrong chill out
User 1: okay
User 2: i will not hear more of this i love you. gn. final
User 1: gn
User 2: .
User 1: i was not talking bullshit or giving you bullshit i saw a very basic difference which i thought we should clear abhi aapko kharab kyun laga idk i love you too
User 2: it was late at night so i got agitated because it feels like taunting game of thrones season eight teaser is out and yes you were right but it's just that i can't be sweet to everyone like if i like them or if they deserve thoda happiness then i'll be there. but if they can get their happiness from somewhere i cant bother i'll try improving on it but no promises. sorry. good morning .
User 1: why you're supposed to be then people will want to talk to you and then everyone will be so happy that you're such an awesome bog boy
User 2: you know not being sweet to them is not saying i'll be a dick i'll just be distant
User 1: haan peace
User 2: why to be extra meetha
User 1: so then don't do like that to rishab he's your friend na
User 2: i was just taunting him.
User 1: don't do it that only i'm saying na baby
User 2: he can't insult my boi and expect to get out spot free
User 1: if he'll feel bad then he's also your boy . you know he's also talking to somiya you know how she talks about you
User 2: accha tell me if tomorrow some of your boys calls me ew and is pretty adamant about that feeling what will you do will you change the topic will you stand up for me
User 1: he's trying his best to be your friend too na haw no one talks to me like that baby
User 2: all three of us are fine now. there's no enmity or communication
User 1: acha
User 2: he said he'll choose me over her anyway and he told her that too
User 1: no communication?
User 2: me and somiya unless it's work
User 1: acha ok
User 2: so if pranjal tell you jenit is so ew. itna peeta hai and smoke up karta hai. does he even give you time. you deserve someone more innocent blah blah what will you say
User 1: no one i know will ever say this no one has the guts to say it to me which idiot talks like this wth this is ridiculous no one is allowed to talk like this about anyone
User 2: imagine it hapoems
User 1: and they know it and this you don't know
User 2: when they are drunk
User 1: ki you're not supposed to insult people
User 2: let's say it happens
User 1: directly or indirectly what will i do i will say you don't know what you're talking about don't put your nose where it doesn't belong and i'll walk away
User 2: so youll be rude na. thoda that's exactly what i did with rishab plus he's toh a friend so he knows 30 of the taunt will be a joke so i really don't know why you're giving me a lecture
User 1: i'm not you're only going on defending i'm just saying that you're supposed to command sweetness and you don't. like people should want to do things for you. that way your life will be simpler. like you can ask yourself what would harsha do  acha do you want to hear my dream
User 2: harsha is god i'd rather not go to that level and no
User 1: why not
User 2: more like i cant lol
User 1: noooooo you can
User 2: dikshita i'm an introvert who doesn't like to be around many people especially unknown
User 1: i'm telling you what you can change
User 2: and i know whom to joke with have i ever told you some fucked up thing i did with arusha anushka parv or someone no right because i am not close to them and i will not do things that will ruin my soso friendships
User 1: toh bekar mein kyun joke karna hai
User 2: i do it only with my close ones
User 1: what happiness does it give you i don't understand
User 2: bhai close wale hai toh kyu nahi
User 1: it's an insult it's not a joke bas
User 2: its a joke fine i'm not arguing anymore
User 1: you shouldn't do it
User 2: ok. i'm doing gre now why are you being like this i don't know you're being bossy for no reason
User 1: cause you brought it up
User 2: yes it's a quality i can improve on but i see no need for it i'm bringing it down now
User 1: haan toh if you know that then good only then try
User 2: this discussion is over.
User 1: aww puchki  muahh
User 2: i don't know why they uploaded one subject ka marks bi that too i scared to check for bad subjects shish fuck it i'll check
User 1: kaisa hai ????
User 2: b hehe noice
User 1: wow
User 2: ikr
User 1: mujhe pata tha
User 2: everyone fucked up
User 1: kitna natak kiye aap
User 2: nope
User 1: hahahah
User 2: don't say i say my paper went bad and then get good marks
User 1: you're one of those
User 2: i read your mind
User 2: seriously i'm not
User 1: new emoji
User 2: i didn't attempt thirty-five also
User 1: it's cute no
User 2: like you
User 1: mera open karo oh god pls give me a in everything dikshita@1 pls
User 1: a mere liye good nahin hai toh aap zyada happy hoke a mat bolna it's a grave matter dheere dheere
User 2: none of your marks are uploaded
User 1: oh okay then nvm
User 2: accha tell me your expectedwanted grades in all subjects and labs
User 1: okay yay fun topic linear control theory a
User 2: could have said you wanted ten gpa
User 1: yayyyy
User 2: wouldn't have had to type so much
User 1: ya this is wanted i'm little extra na
User 2: expected bata
User 1: now expected linear control theory a now from this dsp can be a or a i'll be on the edge and even both the labs can be a grade lower rest is pretty fixed like that okay i'll give a little more realistic thing linear control theory a basically i'll be really very sad if i don't get straight a's or if i get a in place of a
User 2: a se less won't be. a
User 1: ya i know
User 2: aww
User 1: bas i'll be sad ab what to do
User 2: good one don't be sar you'll get good only gpa
User 1: this is only good rest is all bad ab if i'm sad i'm sad what can i do na
User 2: turn that frown upside down only thing left to do i feel well get good grades only people always fuck up end sems even after good internals because of the portion so we good
User 1: yaa we're end sem people we do better during end send sems i def do
User 2: i do my best for my good subjects all the time rest who cares
User 1: your future college
User 2: bt selectrd my sangeet ka
User 1: show
User 2: indo western it's not allowed i'll try wait mom's like if harshit goes to europe then i have an order for him like things to get for jijus family  they might be getting a rolex for him and my monthly pocket money is 10k not fair. i don't like so much kharcha bapte kitna matlab
User 1: lollll toh obviously
User 2: aree incase in the future you mom wants to buy gifts for my family please tell her not to go above armani or guess can also be the top end bapre i don't like it at all. so much materialism shi
User 1: abhi kya karein dena toh padega for me less will be there for vidushi everything mom is asking your marks what to say you tell
User 2: i'll tell you when i find out lol tell her my actual marks only also for our wedding. the main kharchas will be the following wedding reception charity and honeymoom and pujan only if your family insists because my parents have given up dudeeer i'm so happy my grandparents know me like we have a close relation ki shaddi in december they arw like you only have to come on the last day of the three days of function because we know you don't care i wanted to say ' my nigga' just that they won't understand lol
User 1: charity ? pakkkaaaaaaa ? what pooja jain or non jain lolll
User 2: i want to donate from the marriage budget
User 1: okay lol there's a shadi in feb for us i was like i can't come sorry and they said okay donate your wife no scene
User 2: my parents are fine with hinduism what i found out the most funniest thing we got our building garage for 1l now it's worth sixty  now that i'm finding out about all this money i need to talk to dad about my pocket money man i will feel less guilty now i think i love being a grown up dude 
User 1:  nice
User 2: man i really want a b said no one ever but i wanntttt i just want 8.5
User 1: huh bas
User 2: i'm realistic dikshittttaa guess my lunch
User 1: lol
User 2: what
User 1: with moms doing gre practice set sorrs will call in a while
User 2: okayyyy do so
User 1: haan
User 2: i'll sleep now
User 1: sleep baby awws jen all the time only three wrong always so irritating i can't understand why it's coming wrong but when they explain i get it uff
User 2: what three seeing wrong
User 1: in the quant sexton section
User 2: aww
User 1: tumhara kaisa ho raha hai ? qualitative start kiya?
User 2: i'm reading the english wala book i was doing fill in the blanks one now i know how to find the most apt word just need to build up on the vocab they actually explained it pretty well very analytical but it's happening slow
User 1: abhi time hai but for me at least aapka i don't know yeh toh bilkul easy nahin hai i'm doing reading comprehension baba easy wala also i'm finding difficult
User 2: i'm skipping the reading comprehension for now i finished the fill the blanks now sentence equivalence i'll do
User 1: fill in the blanks i got all right that's peace
User 2: all? wah
User 1: only this comprehension is annoying yaa
User 2: dodo
User 1: that's toh eliminate karke na
User 2: hoga ha
User 1: now even i'm doing sentence equivalence
User 2: let's complete it by night
User 1: haan
User 2: and them vocab before sleeping
User 1: you did all three
User 2: reading comprehension tomorrow no
User 1: easy medium hard?
User 2: in what?
User 1: in the book levels hai na i'm doing easy today
User 2: for fill in the blanks?
User 1: i need a little confidence boost yes
User 2: no no. in my book there are just five different quizzes
User 1: oh good good do
User 2: pubg at 6?
User 1: time kiya maine no i'm going to the gym then movie
User 2: oh accha
User 1: night we'll play
User 2: okayyy what time will the movie get over by
User 1:  8:15 ka movie hai so ten something
User 2: i'll still be in practice then sad today it starts proper properly urghh i stage shy
User 1: hahahah do do dancing
User 2: no  hello
User 1: hi i baked cookies choco chip
User 2: why suddenly
User 1: this time i'll bring for you pakka mom needs for her party i'm good jen gosh
User 2: hehe it's tonight?
User 1: no no day after
User 2: ohhh
User 1: the cookie batter has to cool
User 2: matlab did you bake or just make the batter
User 1: abhi only batter overnight it has to chill in the fridge now tomorrow baking
User 2: ooo nocie im almost done with season seven hege did you complete or no
User 1: hahah no i don't watch tv at home so much tv is not allowed na plus i don't even have the time aaj toh gre kiya tha toh fir cookies
User 2: break ke liye dekhlo
User 1: fir toh day khatam ho gaya what will i take a break for na okay i go gym byeeee
User 2: no text meeee why so late avengers trailer is out
User 1: my phone is going to go off and i'm going for a movie so i will talk when i reach home time laga na cookies mein milk nahin tha beech mein i had to send manish to get milk what taste my hands are magic
User 2: next time you will go get it good one i know dw khikhi
User 1:  no lol
User 2: i'm your slave he's not
User 1: aiyo mom was sending him anyway
User 2: matlab
User 1: to get milk
User 2:  how was gymm
User 1: good abhi movie
User 2: chalo text me after
User 1: okk results have been uploaded site is down
User 2: they took the academic detail part out because everyone was seeing wrong result
User 1: okay
User 2: harshit got one makeup 
User 1: oh fuck now
User 2: why aren't you enjoying your movie
User 1: ??
User 2: reval
User 1: intermission okk which subject how does harshit know he got a makeup
User 2: thirty mins ago the academics wala tab was there we'll have to wait till tomorrow onky
User 1: ok you don't see my results which subject he got makeup?
User 2: last one in which he studied the hardest let's see i'm dancinnhgh yeah i don't like dancinhn my first dance is waltz
User 1: i told you couple dance
User 2: haan toh shaddhi mai woh hi hoga na
User 1: too good this movie is
User 2: what genre
User 1: bollywood
User 2: huh
User 1: jen kya ho raha hai everyone is saying results aa gaya i want to check my results you don't tell okay even if you see you keep it to yourself unless it's 9.3 then you can tell me
User 2: yes baby i'll send you the video
User 1: haan send
User 2: we'll practice
User 1: jen results are out babydoll laptop pe khulega
User 2: how much you got
User 1: wait i'm scared i didn't open yet you tell me yours i'll try
User 2: one hundred and sixty million, nine hundred and five thousand and seventy delicatebootu booty don't tell me i'll se
User 1: ok
User 2: you saw? send me pic
User 1: arre magic hai kya it's not opening
User 2:  you saw yours?
User 1: noooo
User 2: lel accha try yours first i'm driving ttyl
User 1: lol ok jennnn i got 9.46 !!!!! i saw your marks awezomeeeeee i'm sending if you want you can see nice one dude text me
User 2: woohooio noiceeeeeee hello
User 1: hehhehehe
User 2: i like mine too
User 1: yayyyyyy
User 2: what's your cgpa now? man i wanted a in os sad
User 1: jennnnnnn text when free 8.9 i missed my medal by .04 call me when free
User 2: 9.5 you get medal? i'll slap you if you crib
User 1: yes but sad
User 2: itna greed accha nahi ha this is fine aww more sems to go baby
User 1: haaa yesss happy call me when free baby
User 2: i told you no 0.04 slept?
User 1: no
User 2: what you doing baby
User 1: if i tell you you'll be like don't tell 0.04 again i'm lamenting about dsp i got 13.5 in both sessionals
User 2: aww baby
User 1: she cut so many marks in the assignments it came to forty-four if she hasn't i would've got hong kong
User 2: i told you many times. but if you're still not listening then the feeling is strong so you can talk about it
User 1: arre i'm happy only ab my problem is different ab i don't know if i can do better than this
User 2: but what are you doing awake kabka pagal so
User 1: and i don't want to peak so early in college
User 2: we're done with more than half
User 1: it's not good to show a drooping curve
User 2: and past sem we won't even be here
User 1: the only way is up
User 2: aiyo don't think itna
User 1: last sem toh everyone gets ten
User 2: sleep now
User 1: i want eth zurich nbas kaise bhi
User 2: kyu nahi milega
User 1: ya
User 2: sab milega
User 1: gre gpa challo okay
User 2: i want you to sleep now only now now now
User 1: i want to sleep i can't i need company
User 2: harshit passed everything
User 1: yay god one @harshit
User 2: how come you're up so early
User 1: i'm celebrating mom said okay for hong kong haha
User 2: hehehhe noice when but summer?
User 1: whenever disneyyyyy yayyyayayayya
User 2: whenever toh kabhi bhi leke jaa sakte hai as a gift it has to be asap
User 1: hahah let's see what mom says
User 2: it's been 2.5 years since i went abroad 
User 1: lolll aajao aap bhi
User 2: tell me what your mom says
User 1: i came 3rd again
User 2: second kitna aaya?
User 1: 9.67
User 2: aww good enough congratulations babu dikshita i couldn't sleep for more than 3.5 hours  too much sun
User 1: aiyoo
User 2: i will be tied entire day now shish kya plans aapje
User 1: i think mera third hi hua jen mera medal miss ho gaya
User 2: koi baat nahi aapne aap ko phirse prove kiya aapne top five in entire stream that's something now
User 1: kaun hai top five is baar rank certificate i'll get let's see where i am
User 2: how?
User 1: i have to apply then they give shit i came 4th someone got 9.5 koi baat nahi
User 2: thank god i feel nice when i can be those help hehe aaj ka plan batao
User 1: suddenly from where he came
User 2: what
User 1: this boy piyush
User 1: last time he got eight
User 2: fuck
User 1: this time he got 9.5 what is this
User 2: zyada increase actually you know him kya
User 1: ya i mean he's there but aise kabhi notice nahin kiya
User 2: i love it when you're internally condescending like you don't even have to try  adorable
User 1: arre simply pushing me down from no where i'm a consistent performer people are not allowed to suddenly come in between one more guy got 8.96 right his name is jayant both of us are crying over .04
User 2: heard this name true actually but it's like men me trying to reach for the stars when you know it is not in my league how do you think i got you
User 1: confundus charm
User 2: matlab pyar nahi hai? :(
User 1:  awwew hai na baby jenitttt abhi nahii abhi marks apna batao aas pass kya ho raha hai kisko kitna mila
User 2: rishab got 8.09
User 1: okay good then
User 2: sahil 9.86 because he got a in ios  divya i asked
User 1: lol okk
User 2: she told 9.1
User 1: manjunath also 9.1
User 2: parv said between a and b
User 1: your divya how much?
User 2: so eight something i'll ask this only i'm talking
User 1: ok nethraa ten
User 2: ew fake branch with no competition
User 1: she killed her roommate and hid the body
User 2: what do you expect
User 1: so ten aaya
User 1: college diya
User 2: i like fiesty dikshita
User 1:  sometimes meko medal chahiye kya hai yeh nonsense kya bhejoo reval dsp ?
User 2: i don't know but yeah i feel might as well give for reval since medal is possibke
User 1: a toh pakka hai
User 2: give something actually deso
User 1: haan
User 2: dedo you don talk only i sad
User 1: missed video call arre i was lunching with dadi then i forgot call call
User 2: motu
User 1: will call in two mins what gre are you doing today i think vocab is important i should start learning words also i'm sending two papers for reval
User 2: haw your internet is very bad baby
User 1: leave the video call haan ik
User 2: try mobile data na
User 1: it's bad arre video call morning mein kaise
User 2: get an extender in your house na
User 1: raat ko you do extender se kya hoga i made a good poop
User 2: aap ke room may the wifi signal will become as strong as when you're near the router good girl mera aaj nahi hua
User 1: i'll bring the wifi and connect it in my room
User 2: my sleep cycle is haywire
User 1: it's a small thing no no
User 2: you don't have the telephone kind in your room
User 1: your sleep cycle is like mine now no it's a thing like you just have to plug it
User 2: dongle tyoe
User 1: haan
User 2: oh haan okay
User 1: what did your mom say
User 2: your mom will shout at you
User 1: for your marks ? why will she shout all her work i do
User 2: i have to tell my parents how much i'm expecting and if it's around or above that they'll be happy wifi ka lol
User 1: and then then now what
User 2: they are chill only with what i got because 1st month main only i told them two subjects were bad
User 1: acha haan okk tab bhi aap b toh la diye
User 2: haan. thank god.
User 1: jen mujhe complicated shit mein bhi a mila hehe
User 2: pata hi toh tha end sem was nice and it is complicated
User 1: yes
User 2: so ezpz
User 1: 45 for everything
User 2: arre wah
User 1: dsp i'll send
User 2: and?
User 1: and mc lab i'll send
User 2: ohh
User 1: dsp ka cutoff bahut upar gaya cause internals forty-four tge
User 2: sirf mc bhejo phir
User 1: aur paper forty-five
User 2: dsp mai you didn't know one thing so doesn't make sense
User 1: nahi nahi i'll send it let's see it's not like it'll become b lol
User 2: theek hai woh bhi chalega shubh shubh bolo
User 1: arre nahin hoga  aap aaj gre ka kya kare ho
User 2: i did words in morning
User 1: haan
User 2: one new deck i completed and revised all the previous ones now marvelous mrs maisel i'll see
User 1: haan good good
User 2: then nap
User 1: haha okay sleep off what tv all the time
User 2: and then complete sentence equivalence
User 1: naughty boy
User 2: you will love this
User 1: don't watch tv chi idiot box it is
User 2: the show is for perfectionists
User 1: hmm that's interesting though
User 2: i saw your speed for 70s show meko mat bolo tum naughty ho
User 1: ya i saw that cause you asked
User 2:  accha
User 1: otherwise i would've never seen it
User 2: mere par dal diya shi why is vidushi still sleeping i want coldddd 
User 1: she went for work and came back abhi she will sleep for a while then work again otherwise she won't be able to work aapko meri saree achi nahi lagi ? aapne kuch bola nai 
User 2: which saree
User 1: the one i sent to you on instagram
User 2: you didn't send da
User 1: haw
User 2: send now
User 1: arre my internet is not working at all for some reason leave it i'll send later
User 2: khali khali disappoint hogaye mere se 
User 1:  arre jen mera sentence equivalence and text completion kafee acha hai yeh reading comprehension toh not happening omi only  pubg ?
User 2: harsha is toh not telling his marks only
User 2: baking cookies?
User 1: yes smells good
User 2: snap hi nahi kiye 
User 1: bana kahan hai boo
User 2: snap par reply kiya na ache dikh rahe hai oh wow wow white walk plate looks too good silver wali were the initial batches na lol tasteee
User 1: those are the burnt cookies which will go to the kids
User 1: hello missed video call
User 2: five mins
User 1: i'm on my way to the gym hehe
User 2: i'm staying in on a saturday night i feel sad i think i'm gonna get beer and chill at home
User 1: you're a fake introvert dude
User 2: no. see i have three friend circles
User 1:  aww baby okay what are they
User 2: 2high school and one school and both high school ones have exams or dates
User 1: ok
User 2: and school people are smoking up so i don't wanna and parents will leave in a whilen
User 1: this is too funny
User 2: for a function
User 1: you're in bombay nothing is there to do except smoke or what go eat pizza in pizza by the bay
User 2: man these guys have proper internships. so blowing off some steam after work one guy works at lamborghini so has to deal with snobs all day so it's fine
User 1: there are other ways to blow off steam they're going to die
User 2: :x it's legit a date place type can't go alone
User 1: haan kya
User 2: i thought i'll drive and eat non veg
User 1: i went with mom hahaha haan do do
User 2: but nah i'm just gonna order it home
User 1: hahaha don't order non veg at home
User 2: risky is my middle name
User 1: aiyoo you don't do all this in my house haan it's not allowed
User 2: beer is not allowed in the house?
User 1: beer you keep non veg is not allowed
User 2: perfect take outs also not allowed?
User 1: no egg is allowed only
User 2: :(
User 1: you go out and eat did i say don't eat
User 2: fine
User 1: i want to but did i no bas
User 2: mahi chalega. bahut selfish hoga
User 1: ok
User 2: aap rules pata nahi kaise bahut acche banate ho
User 1: so i didn't bas
User 2: reached gym?
User 1: haan i'm on the treadmill lolss
User 2: dodo byeeee
User 1: byes hi i'm done whatcha doing ? full one hour today excercise dude and a lot twenty step ups iska three sets then twenty situps iska four sets and i didn't pay attention to the counting in the starting i donno how many i did also  more than required pakka pakka send your dance video who is your partner ?
User 2: tp man. i'm bored. waiting for parents to leave so i can order
User 1: which song pizza ?
User 2: wah wait i'm not added on the group yet aashi we are jinkesh and jheal na don't know hindi some
User 1: hahaha they forgot you kya ? janam janam
User 2: i want proper non veg dude
User 1: sing the tune and send
User 2: shu don't remember this also
User 1:  steps bhi bhool gaya kya jen
User 2: but if i know the steps then i'm good af
User 1: haan and sabne bola aap acha kare toh acha hi hoga
User 2: i'll teach you also plus waltz is coupley and you like to dance so why now not he single handedly started mcd delivery in manipal  see snapchat i sent jheals pic
User 1: haan kya arre my internet is so bad jen this is also not getting downloaded
User 2: why is your wifi and mobile data both bad
User 1: idk what's happening this airtel is there everywhere and no where it's working
User 2: calcutta na harsha and i are deciding my dinner r
User 1:  nice
User 2: i'm scared my parents will come home before food dikshita you will love marvelous mrs maisel everyone loves es the main character and she's exactly like you bahut accha hai she's so sweet to everyone bapre
User 1: food came? this deck thing is more useful than my vocabulary builder i have to sleep early today cause tomorrow is a long day for me party hai na kal that's why
User 2: what all tomorrow party from when to when
User 1: tomorrow party from six but preparation from 10:30 so i have to get up on time and go and get done with gym then finish everything by five and go get ready parlour work etc etc
User 2: so much like the show man girls being extra af and perfect af cutie
User 2: why aren't you sleeping naughty you never sleep after saying goodnight when will you see the paper you won't go there on vacations too long not reading short mai batao you teach me all that even i don't kmow and what won't get good marks aaj bola four as anyways you sleep noe i'm seeing recently you waste a lot of time after goodnight after saying you were supposed to sleep forty mins ago motu
User 2: why can't you keep your phone on silent omg so irritating
User 1: sorry baby
User 2: video call ke time bhi
User 1: awwwww
User 2: all your followers i see
User 1: noo it's divyaaaaaaaa jen !
User 2: tellll
User 1: jen when is harshit coming back ? you wanna rent a car and go pick up divya at eleven from the airport? ab i already said that we can so if she says yes then we have to haan she said yes tell fast what you wanna do you can be driver also if you want
User 2:  it's too late and we have college i can get private car booked or airport ka service is safer
User 1: woh eleven pm akele kaise aegi private non private jo bhi
User 2: chalo chalejayge
User 1: haan good good harshit kab vapis aega
User 2: dint know why can't you just meet her the next day in the morning and give them to her? don't be stupid and please sleep
User 1: yes i can 
User 2: abhi bahut tp hogaya
User 1: daat diya
User 2: ha chup chap sojao
User 2: chal now. sojao nahi toh mai angry ho jauga
User 1: aap daate i'm going to sleep
User 2: aww you're awake kya
User 1: ya jen jen jen you have to hear my dream it was so goooood and then it was too funny so i woke up i sent this to pranu and then it was too funny so i woke up
User 2: dream mai also you think about him wow good one.
User 1: arre see the story na i thought about another guy in my dream from my class who is gay so doesn't really going count
User 2: yeah that fine. but you dreamed about him specifically. wow great one. i see a very huge part of your life. good one.
User 1: arre wth i dreamed about fighting with you about him not him specifically you completely ruined my dream story so good it is like this only
User 2: okay you have a busy day
User 1: read it pls
User 2: i did
User 1: haha so good na 
User 2: whatever
User 1: arre so mean jenit so nicely pranu replied aap acha nahin kar rahe mere saath
User 2: she's not hearing about mahiman all the time. i am. you too
User 1: no she's not thinking about mahiman all the time you are no you're doing it to yourself honestly if you want to grab it and make five thousand different meanings out of it then what can anyone do omg it was just a dream and it was so good and aap ekdum ruin kar diye
User 2: toh agli baar if mahiman is there in your dream, don't share. we'll both be happier that way
User 1: i said it was a side story you and pranu were main main the aapko nahin bataoon fine whatever jen irritate mat karo
User 2: you have a long day ahead. get ready
User 1: you mean
User 2: what
User 1: you didn't say my dream was funny
User 2: really wasn't.
User 1: fine
User 2: only good thing was that i got to meet praniti
User 1: hehe
User 2: even in your dream we were fighting because of mahiman. you aap sochlo aap ka itna integrated part of your life hai
User 1: kya humara fights aapko real and complex ka concept samjhane ke baad bhi aap kaise behave kar rahe ho see
User 2: i remember par mat socho ex ke bare mai mujhe bhi accha lagega phir 
User 1: bhai dream tha side story you wanna know i'll tell you why i was talking to him in my dream and why you got angry also in my dream
User 2: tell tell
User 1: mera orange lip balm kho gaya tha and he found one so he was giving it to me but then i opened it and it wasn't new like mine was so i said no this isn't mine. then you got angry cause he was saying this and i replied
User 2: next time ask me i'll get ten lipbalms
User 1: haha
User 2: your next birthday only orange lip balms
User 1: arre i announced to the entire family that my lip balm went missing
User 2: why does he have to be there everytime man
User 1: what to do if he came up and asked if it was mine arre
User 2: such an intricate part of your life it's like the somiya thing all over again. it hurts me okau he's your family and i'm not sad
User 1: somiya was also there in my dream
User 2: sure
User 1: ab kya karenge main bachpan mein stupid thi
User 2: aur abhi obsessed
User 1: but abhi smart hoon
User 2: right
User 1: haan aapsee
User 2: right
User 1: don't talk rubbish
User 2: if you think so
User 1: there's no scene in which i everrrr liked him
User 2: i don't like ex's and that's final. period.
User 1: leave alone him
User 2: right you'd love that
User 1: anyone else that you think after we were in a relationship or even when we were hooking up mazaak nahin hai jen
User 2: where did i say you like him
User 1: apne aap ko merese compare mat karo
User 2: it's just that him even being in the distant picture irritates me
User 1: you said it's like the somiya thing and you liked her so it's absolutely not like the somiya thing
User 2: no, i meant that you said i can't talk about somiya because it hurts you so same, that disgusting person's mention from you also hurts me like that i know.
User 1: so then have the guts to say that i don't want you to talk to him anymore can you
User 2: you said it's inevitable what can i do
User 1: ya it is
User 2: lol i've already told you that before
User 1: and i also said no difference
User 2: makes a difference to me but i don't like exs at all haam okay fine then i'll say. no pubg with him no texting no reply because of pity or even if he gets sucidal unless you are in delhi and he's there and you have to talk le boldiya
User 1: cool so it's on you
User 2: all this guilt trip or whatever you can't give
User 1: what guilt trip i didn't say anything
User 2: nothing fine it's on me.
User 1: aur bhi bol do
User 2: kya bolu
User 1: pranjal kshitij se bhi baat nahin karoon
User 2: you give me a very powerful power. it's just that when i use it, it makes my image bad. so i shall do it when necessary only. what will you do in class then.
User 1: ya so you know this
User 2: obviously
User 1: then also you behave the way you do very good
User 2: because it really affects me
User 1: i'm deleting pubg
User 2: no wtf
User 1: i'll never play
User 2: incomplete without your main boi i see do whatever
User 1: katti jen big katti
User 2: you have many things to do today. i suggest you get started fine all the best for today.
User 1: kati
User 2: do well bye bye bolo you can't ignore fine no more bhav for you bye delete pubg
User 1: i have work man
User 2: please do
User 1: i'll ttyl
User 2: dont i'll be busy whenever you're free fuck it i can't win this  i'm sorryb i love you. dont delete pubg. it will miss you. and so will i.
User 1: simply you know it's a long day why so not considerate i love you too i deleted now
User 2: low tolerance for ex's syndrome lol didn't expect that why would you delete it but don't wanna reminiscent all your times with him? 
User 1: there's no need to be so condescending with me i'm on your side always i don't want to be treated the way you treated rishabh with kaustubh ka bas don't do tp
User 2: you won't be treated that way fine no taunts
User 1: then don't talk like this
User 2: man i'm so bored that i'm watching infinity war won't what all you did since morning
User 1: isliye i got irritated that day also
User 2: which
User 1: table arrangement when you sent that chat with rishabh kisiko aise nahi karna chahiye especially if you want them to stay with you forever
User 2: rishab thing was plausiboe
User 1: no no
User 1: don't it doesn't feel good jen me toh leave e
User 2: aisi cheezo ke bad no come back only
User 1: i'm eh whatever but other people jen haven't you heard that saying
User 2: don't eh whatever with me ya
User 1: if you snap a string and join it back the string still has that knot so with all your relationships no matter with who always treat them like a string or even if you break a plate and join it back the line will still be there
User 2: solder karo phir knot nahi ayega this fine can't argue
User 1: it'll not be the same haan that's all i'm trying to explain since then
User 2: bshut mature hai ladki
User 1: be careful
User 2: video call?
User 1: no i'm making the best poop ever
User 2: yes pl aseeee don't be shy
User 1: no hehe i shy
User 2: i wanna see your face only nothing else
User 1: okay
User 2: why so shy
User 1: so much work i did since morning table set lights setting
User 2: show me kyabkya kiya ha
User 1: av setting wait first i have to set ready otherwise my mom will scream three o clock i'll start getting ready tab tak i have to finish all this work
User 2: keep sending progress snaps hehe must answer
User 1: if my mom sees me with my phone
User 2: ded
User 1: she will shoot me in my head do you want a dead girlfriend no na aaj mera deliver hua gre manhattan prep 5lb that's why i was so surprised when you were sending snaps when tumhara sister ka packing was happening i toh would've died only
User 2: there wasn't enough work for me i just had to put in the box
User 1: then you're supposed to take the work of someone older than you who is working that's what mom said
User 2: mami was closer to the box
User 1: idk
User 2: of filling the dry fruits
User 1: lol excuses
User 2: couldn't do anything more than i did
User 1: okay i have to take a shower and all
User 2: aap video call nahi karte
User 2: baat hi nahi karte 
User 1: lol i'm pooping wth
User 2: i want to see face not poop
User 1: no
User 2: are you saying your face is poop which is why i can't see it hawe you're pretty okay dw dikhado
User 1: lolz
User 2: fine fine :( fine
User 1: wait let me shower da bathroom time is chill time wait see
User 2: chill with mee  you sent me flowers mini bottles hehe itni kum plates hai
User 1: that's for starters main course ka baad mein lagega
User 2: oooo
User 1: good one
User 2: hogaya sab kam? what is that
User 1: it's a lily pond but water isn't there in it and we won't be filling lillies we will fill the candles
User 2: show ha bapre addict ho aap
User 1: hahah acha nahin hai ?
User 2: arre par aise hi toh arrange karege aur kaise pagal but ha kafi mehnet lagi hogi good one babu rest karlo did you lunch
User 1: yes hahah 2:30 parlour so i'll finish the hair removal work now
User 2: matlab? kaya or normal
User 1: facial hair eyebrows normal for hair on the head
User 2: haircut?
User 1: no kya cut karaoon abhi abhi karaya abhi only eyebrows and hair set blow dry da aiyo
User 2: have you decided what to wear
User 1: ya that's very simple we have to look simple it's a nice top mom ka purana with jeans normal
User 2: dress thoda acche se toh
User 1: arre no small party face has to stand out not clothes
User 2: accha then tell parlour lady to apply make up also
User 1: not at all
User 2: why why party toh hehe who is that kid
User 1: they put a lot i've never got makeup done by them because they are very bad at it and i look old that's ritesh
User 2: baprr that's toh can't be helped
User 1: he's my mom's fav
User 2: but there are other parlors na go to a good one lol no you don't
User 1: arre no any parlour anywhere
User 2: you never expect a kids to be ritesh
User 1: puts too much makeup arre don't even bother i was suggesting ritwik
User 2: ritesh is like a person with two kids happily living in mid 30s
User 1: reyansh but no ritesh what to do
User 2: you can control thoda you know
User 1: no no so much no need
User 2: this is also bad
User 1: normal i have to look
User 2: this i like
User 1: yes
User 2: woh bhi beautiful hi hai toh no problem you're at the parlor?
User 1: no no two hundred and thirty
User 2: aw chalo do do i'm sleeping now but what time will you get free by
User 1: ten
User 2: fuck what will y'all even do itna like what all will happen
User 1: song food and stuff
User 2: accha chalo good have fun text in between when you can and send videos too
User 1: okayyy
User 2: you look beautiful baby how's it going
User 1: pranus mom dad
User 2: she looks like her mom haha i thought party was only fkr women
User 2: ? mai bhi aa jata shish why are they getting special attention why sashes 
User 1: cause 25th year
User 2: ohh why doesn't the mom have a sash the girl doesn't have it 
User 1: not here what i didn't understand
User 2: nothing nothing they left?
User 1: yes they left this was not the design i likes but mom gave me hehe for 9.46 jen why you no reply i cry
User 2: hellooo jiju was home sorry
User 1: aww
User 2: such a nice top how was the dayyy
User 1: long day stressful good party you know what the theme was ? hari om. mom wanted to crack so many sex jokes but dadu was sitting so she was like nevermind but she cracked only one one sex joke and one bathroom joke tooo funny
User 2: tell 
User 1: like vidushis song was do pal so she said shakespeare said
User 2: why sad everywhere and why sad emojis
User 1: that was the theme da meloncholy auto aiyo  everyone was wearing blue cause "feeling blue"
User 2: bapre  your mom is cool
User 1: haan
User 2: all females in your family is lit. balancing your dad's calmness lol
User 1: my dad is daddest dad that ever dadded time is slow for those who wait
User 2: lollll hehehhe who wrote how was your performanceee
User 1: wait
User 2: today has been very entertaining i'm blackmailing my boss to give the certificates kinda working kinda not
User 1: see this first scene pranu is there aiyo is he giving or not then . mom wrote and i'm there in this
User 2: i warned him that i'll make it a legal issue and i have the proof saw the clippings  before
User 1: hahah yaaa
User 2: i talk to praniti you know hehrhhe
User 1: hahah talk talk
User 2: cutie
User 1: kya hua ?
User 2: wwit intense
User 1: omg who wrote this ?
User 2: vidit wrote the text that i sent him on whatsapp i converted in formal and wrote this cos like government so
User 1: don't send it jen just threaten till you get what you want you'll get it now toh
User 2: yes yes of course
User 1: send him a template
User 2: let's see
User 1: of your letter
User 2: i sent this to the middle man because the main guy is too scared now rukho toh janeman jeetne toh do
User 1: okay
User 2: i'll text in a bit babe you get changed and freshen up till then
User 1: haan all done
User 2: seeeee
User 1: awwwww so cute aap ache se karna okay baby i learnt it already so simple aiyo haan simple hi it should be how will aashi do itna bhaari kapda mein good good never heard the song ever hehe
User 2: nonono itna energetic nahin hai
User 1: that's why na
User 2: toh its fine na
User 1: haan fine na for my benefit
User 2: cutie biomed oes?
User 1: nahin next sem subjects lols kaunsa a kaunsa a
User 2: kaha ho
User 1: pooping too much mirchi in the food and i had soup also
User 2: toh answer tog karo
User 1: no i poop
User 2: you gotta start getting used to it chal i'm going to sleep jogging from tomorrow so must
User 1: hahaha no talk to me jen sahil and tanisha broke up i think we're winning i like to win
User 2: divya told me and no be say sar
User 1: she didn't tell me
User 2: sad right now only
User 1: haan she's telling me also
User 2: she said she forgot to tell us both
User 1: we should make a group . deko
User 2: hapa
User 1: kaisa laga
User 2: did you just stop singing sometimes in the middle
User 1: no
User 2: middle mai i thought you weren't singing pitch perfect matlab wahh try singing more often now for me also sing
User 1: heheheh shhh secret
User 2: naughty
User 1: one place only
User 2: is okay jaan
User 1: i wasn't getting the tune right
User 2: im proud of you
User 1: so i said vidushi you sing that like line lolls
User 2:  scam
User 1: rest of the song i sang
User 2: i know baby
User 1: i will sing just not on the mic my voice changes completely on the mic
User 2: bed mai, in my arms
User 1: haaaaan theek che
User 2: sameeee sounds disgustingn chal sleep now goodnight
User 1: haan gn 
User 2:  morning mai it's actually a bit cold who would've thought lol good morning might meet mihika in the vacations 
User 1: lol good morning
User 2: high school reunion so many people hate me there
User 1: poop
User 2: only reason i'm going 
User 1: why are you going then
User 2: i met rujuta in the morninggtt make things awkward
User 1: how was your jog
User 2: i love how my vacations are going my lungs cry
User 1: aiyo
User 2: but i jogged 4km thirty mins so good enough for first day
User 1: good good awwwww what's your plan for today ?
User 2: might dinner with mayur and all else shivani might finally be free reading comprehension i'll start
User 1: oki haan
User 2: vocab fifty words plus revision
User 1: i'm attempting first full paper today
User 2: and crunches and planks and push ups in the evening
User 1: wish me all the best
User 2: don't practice first
User 1: no i'll damn excited to attempt let's see where i stand
User 2: dont
User 2: don't do bacha. itna hasty don't be
User 1: but i practiced two books already two full books i'm ready na acha fine i'll do from tomorrow then
User 2: good decision
User 1: ok
User 2: aaj what plans
User 1: only gre gym is closed on monday
User 2: do at home thoda no excuses aap vocab kitna kiye
User 1: my hair is set so well two decks complete day before yesterday hi download kiya aur i'll do
User 2: good good
User 1: i feel poopy if i eat too much garlic aiyo
User 2: when did you eat last lol
User 1: for breakfast yesterday they made garlic bruschetta so much wow but so much garlic and i poop body can't handle anything like garlic or mirchi hari om. 
User 2: man i want all this. what bullshit i get shish hebe weak ho
User 1: not me only my digestive system isn't used to it it's used to blue lays though nothing happens at all when i eat that
User 2: who makes all these posters
User 1: lol idk
User 2: evaporate  main source if energy i feel
User 1: broccoli and garlic cheese soup
User 2: i had carrot and sabzi and daal for lunch :) i feel like dying ask your mom if she wants a ghar jamai 
User 1: dhokla with three types of chatni come come she wants a son anyway
User 2: is this the foamy type or the heavy type
User 1: there were three types of dhokla yesterday all with different chatni
User 2: foamy or heavy
User 1: for starters foamy
User 2: don't like
User 1: and heavy three types na
User 2: y'all have to sit on the ground and eat? oooo i like
User 1: no i'm on the table it's a granite table
User 2: why isn't there dahi with dokhla oh lolll
User 1: what
User 2: curr curd
User 1: i'll tell you the menu wait
User 2: why special lunch today?
User 1: aap mujhe phone nahin kiye this is yesterday ka baby nvm i don't know
User 2: whennn
User 1: starters mein brocolli soup missed video call
User 2: kaun aa gaya
User 1: ritesh aiyo what a naughty boy he is hindi class bunker lols
User 2: i think i'm naughtier
User 1: does my naught boy want happy happy
User 2: feel free m'lady
User 1: okay then go to sleep when you wake you will be happy
User 2: opportunities are for the present sweet lady
User 1: hehe then go see happy snaps
User 2:  chalo i sleep
User 1:  good night baby in my dream i was a power ranger black colour all the five colours reported to me and there was mystic force and space patrol delta hehe it was funny
User 2: i used to love the mashup episodes
User 1: which one was your favourite ? dino thunder?
User 2: spd or ninja storm eh this was like the cool cool this was amateur cool your?
User 1: mystic force and spd my cousins used to watch dino thunder i didn't like that spd i liked a lot spd emergency ! heheh and mystic force
User 2: was gay af they had decorated staffs wth
User 1: yaaa
User 2: i had the spd thing hehe
User 1: and there was a moonstone ranger
User 2: it was cool
User 1: and she had so many powers to summon the powers of the moooooon and then all the rangers could summon the powers of some elements like red was fire blue water green earth pink wind and yellow electricity so cool na i did very well in the reading comprehension section today and it was labelled hard so i'm happy hehe
User 2: i don't remember all this shit niceee today was my first day with it i don't like it one bit i haven't done general compressions but i know it will go bad i'll update you what you doing nowee
User 1: haan i'm attempting a full section
User 2: all the bestt one of my aunt's came from the us her older daughter in 11th is planning to go to georgia tech for engineering bapre she does too much in cs american education system is so much better man she was telling me the guidance her school gave her and sll and the different programs they can enroll in to efficiently clear engineering. then shorted periods for degrees too good
User 1: wah nice jen jen jen call me when free what gre you doing?
User 2: i'm doing comprehensions i'm using poe na so i can always narrow is down it 2ish options and then always select the wrong one it's is very frustrating
User 1: haan i know that is most difficult do it carefully
User 2: what you doing
User 1: paper as in section jen i'm doing so well in text completion and sentence completion so sad for reading comprehension
User 2: one step at a time baby send me pic of this na even i'll do
User 1: as in ?
User 2: questions ka pic i'll also try to solve
User 1: ohkay
User 2: answers toh do otherwise can i give you every question ka answer otherwise i'll be naughty and i'll peak 
User 1: give the answer call me let's see
User 2: i did only first then mom and jheal came because their jewellery is in my room
User 1: jen honey i will call you back i have to poop my stomach is tumultuous
User 2: calllll hehe dude you want to know how religious my family and extended family are
User 1: let me conclude my excretion yes tell
User 2: so the three day wedidng functions that start tomorrow (not sister's, like some random cousin's)
User 1: they're parochial it's inevitable
User 2: wrong use but okay true
User 1: no it's right stfy
User 2: so guess why they dont have sangeet
User 1: why can't it be precluded?
User 2: because sangeet is at night. and if they keep it, they will feed all the guests at night, toh they'll be committing sin on everyone's behalf.
User 1:  hahaha keep food first then keep the function  kya hai baba how come you became a heretic
User 2: that don't make sense god isn't real
User 1: of course it does neither are you you know life's a dream i should eat normal for food  but dad's hbd is tomorrow
User 2: normal?
User 1: so we're going to go to souk again heavy food
User 2: today you mean?
User 1: ya today
User 2: asian?
User 1: arabic so ya na idk it's a nice restaurant spicy hehe mom is coming back also tomorrow 'there is only a tiny block in one artery, only 20. no need for angioplasty. no need for surgery. only medicines will do.' ya so we already knew there wouldn't be a problem it's just in her mind now and no one can change that so
User 2: what will you veg people eat in arabic? dafuq thank god
User 1: damn nice food
User 2: you pray what comes in arabic veg
User 1: arre she prays all the time then also she doesn't have any faith i never pray yet i know it's not completely dependent on me idk why she's so scared tomorrow i'll send you pics i also don't remember i went with masaji maasi last year let's see what's new
User 2: meaningless lives are difficult to live okay
User 1: yes i agree
User 2: salad 
User 1: abbe bewakoof chup acha khana milega amazing tha last time babydoollll kya hua sudden sudden
User 2: hang up kiya motu
User 1: tum motu bas aap meko aise karte ho baar baat
User 2: pyar se majboor
User 1: dirty bombay dirty dirty dirty dirty
User 2: me insulting calcutta and you insulting mumbai is a tradition see
User 1: no i do cause you do and i do cause i have reason you naughty boy you haven't even seen it hypocrite
User 2: i'll come in december nineteen chalo done
User 1: good cont come  then you will know awwwww cute things happening in 70s show go to sleep love you kelso's back for last episode heheh
User 2: thank god tell i should be sleeping 
User 1: fez and jackieeee eric missed his flight back
User 2: i read this
User 1: donna pissed both the houses are getting sold
User 2: haan fine baas
User 1: and they're moving to florida
User 2: rukhjao
User 1: haan dekhlo
User 2: sojao abhi
User 1: acha hai haan bad almost done
User 2: okay uski baad sleep no naughty goodnight 
User 1:  eric also came backkkkkkk full over so cute
User 2: good morning
User 1: gm
User 2: what time you slept naughty girl
User 1: jen jen i remembered my dream hehe so it was in 13th block okay and you also were there and ground floor was having a party and everyone was there again and shady things were going on it was a girl's block but guys had sneaked in with drugs and all and everyone was doing now i being a good girl took you to find a good single room for me and we couldn't find a free one so we asked the receptionist and she said that you will find it on the ground floor she didn't know about the party okay so we went to the ground floor and saw that all the single rooms were without attached bathroom so then we were going to leave only but then the police came in and so we all went inside different different rooms and ran away but the police came to my room and took me and another couple of twins to do drug tests i was like bhaiya you're wasting your time i'm very very sober then i said agar blood test clean aaya toh i'll get you out of your position before you can say sorry and obviously i was so confident cause i hadn't done shit so he said koi baat nahin madam aapko drugs karake aapka blood test karayenge fir positive aayega na then i started giving him gaalis and my dream ended
User 2:  wah
User 1: what a dream
User 2: your dreams are always so vivid
User 1: i can make a movie dude
User 2: like no chance if happening
User 1: arre aur bhi tha
User 2: engineering mai kya hai become karan johar
User 1: aapko batayenge toh bore ho jaoge
User 2: batao
User 1: haan toh single rooms wing mein ek room mila tha which was very big with a big bathroom and all and had a bedding all across the floor so you can sleep anywhere but it was dirty and then i found out that it was a double room and the girl was there only
User 2: details kaise yaad rehta hai
User 1: she seemed good so i said if i don't find a single room i'll come stay here she was like okay there was another girl who wanted the rooms so we had to find it before her then ground floor party mein also everyone was there pranu was nicely partying with karan that too ugh they were opening champagne bottles and spraying it all around and all luckily i didn't have to meet karan in my dream and all the single rooms were so small on the ground floor chi chi like train compartments
User 2: praniti itna kitna party karti hai
User 1: hahaha bahut bahut extra extra kaisa laga mera dream ?
User 2: movie banado dost
User 1: hahah isko aur dramatic banane ke liye we can tell that the main girl was drugged so much that she missed an entire day and she still thought the next day that the test would still come back negative ooooh so cool and then lawyers and all full bollywood
User 2:  you should text karan johar instead of praniti  potential to accha hai
User 2: you're like the fukre movie
User 1: theek hai ab kya karenge
User 2: dreams ko reality banado
User 1: i don't watch shit jen what's this fukre idk aiyo no wonder you think bollywood is bad
User 2: i like less than ten movies. that can't be because i watch bad movies. basic probability. hence bollywood is actually very bad
User 1: no you watch it with a damn closed mind it's fine leave it
User 2: which movie should i watch then you sau that you know i don't like chennai express? happy new year?
User 1: nooo that and all is fun stuff which clearly you don't like i told you margarita with a straw did you see ? no naughty you are
User 2: this is don't mind also i usually like the movies that do bad at the box office meaning that it has good content and that stupid indians don't wanna spend their money on that shit
User 1: lol ya go watch it today no it's fine do gre
User 2: lol good option ha i'm done with marvelous mrs maisel so now 70s show only
User 2: i have to start practicing for internship too don't you wanna do an internship in the summer apparently the netflix mowgli is really good
User 1: it already came in cinema going out will call when i have internet
User 2: gym?
User 1: yes
User 2: see insta hehe
User 1: okay it no open
User 2: censure it
User 1: kuch hoga nahi hoga mera glutious maximus toh pakka ban jaega already lag raha hai big today i went mad leg day first time i did only butt dude all excercises ten mins treadmill ten squats then five mins cross trainer five mins cycling aiyo death no wrong use
User 2: do three times only bapre fine but it's funny
User 1: he says four resend
User 2: seeee
User 1: you have a favourite? haan tell what decision ? who to invite ?
User 2: i'm very surprised you haven't noticed hahaha yeah to the cocktail
User 1: is it left cause before you that was smaller than its right counterpart tell what you thought
User 2: no right. i pull on the left one so that's why it might be bigger lol haan so it won't be possible to call all school people and manipal people so should i invite just manipal or just school i don't know how it works out
User 1: call your manipal ppl to one party and call your school people to another party lols
User 2: there is no other summer i'm not invited us there is 
User 2: i have to go for function tomorrow 
User 1: which function?
User 2: my cousins i don't know how dad allowed me to miss all
User 1: jen pls check my oe pe what i got one hundred and sixty million, nine hundred and six thousand, three hundred and twenty-four academic details course  show acha okay
User 2: vidit ashwini are coming to mumbai and dubai wala kaustubh is also here
User 1: acha why ?
User 2: vidit is finally going to dubai after three years so connection from mumbai
User 1: achaaa i see jen oe pe came
User 2: aap kidhar ho abhi tak
User 1: i'm in taj
User 2: oh right family dinner it's not opening on laptop also i'm trying nahi khulega
User 1: acha okk
User 2: tell me when you get back you got embedded system design control system design and rehabilitation engineering
User 1:  good jen call me when free hon dance practice bhaiya got engaged marriage next december woohoo i'm toh already feeling cold
User 2: show girl
User 1: means ? oh wait they've been dating for eight years
User 2: chalo phir five saal aur
User 1: haan dekho maine aapko time frame sahi diya tha
User 2: loll man i like waltz only it's slow and nice today we had a bollywood song bapre nahi hohs it was so bad
User 1: hahaha karo karo video bhejo kitna dance karoge ho gaya na
User 2: today ka video didn't come proper no one knew properly  i pubg mow hello how was dinneerrr
User 1: fun lol okay
User 2: you sent only dessert ka pic main course
User 1: main course wasn't very visually appealing but it was tasty yum yum tum
User 2: kya tha
User 1: pata nahin i couldn't pronounce it cold mezze hot mezze grill fattir and then rose icecream hehe
User 2: that's fine niceee i liked the grill stories wala
User 1: this is egyptian pizza aiyo please don't compare that to taj ouch meko laga aap phone karoge maine makeup nahin utara
User 2: hahaha. aww beautiful. you'll always be beautiful to me. keep it for one match please. ill call after that directly
User 1: okay
User 2: aww. thank you pretty girllll i love youuu
User 1: i love you too you see how my boob size hasn't changed like doesn't it seem bigger than before i think i'll be very very hot by the end of this month i'll also be on my period though so we should keep a towel and do it on the floor maybe
User 2: weren't you before if not then i'm in for a big treat lol even my fat is going to disappear i'm sorry tho, no big biceps this is fine nope
User 1: plssssss aww pls but i love it they're so
User 2: might be fake
User 1:   
User 2: i know i know but endurance
User 1: but what's life without biceps
User 2: and plus i can't change my size too much before the wedding na
User 1: i love biceps please
User 2: all measurements are given
User 1: okay
User 2: they'll be muscular only just same size not bigger don't be sad it's okay accha abs (ish) or biceps
User 1: jen the hero in jane the virgin is so hot
User 2: i'll see
User 1: his nose is like yours straight ekdum and if you remove your chashma you'll look like him
User 2: rafael?
User 1: ya do na pls this semester
User 2: dates par i feel out of my zone without specs
User 1: awwwww mera baby best
User 2: i had a phase in 11th
User 1: jismein ?
User 2: but didn't work out well lenses
User 1: hahah okay try again na pls pls plsssss acha aaj aap believe nahin karoge kya hua
User 2: boloo
User 1: give me two mins i'm pooing
User 2: hehe okay bapre her laugh is toh too extra
User 1: who's laughing
User 2: no potty
User 1: that was me
User 2: we'll say poop
User 1: the boy said potty it was funny
User 2: i'm saying in general we'll teach apne wale ko poop
User 1: kya chahiye aapko boy ? ki girl yeh mera favourite topic hai hehe
User 2: older brother younger daughter you've seen too many videos on instagram i know sab copy kar rahe ho
User 1: hehehehehhe no bas conversation finish aapne wrong answer diya
User 2: someone needs to protect her when we can't and like it's too sort with older brother
User 1: ugh fine but i don't want her to be overpampered cause i know i really want a baby girl and both of you will be like aww delicate darling means she'll become one pain in the ass this is a dilemma
User 2: she deserves it
User 1: we have to buy princess dress
User 2: because she'll be as cute or cuter than you when they are small only then
User 1: i hope she gets your bone structure and my skin
User 2: perfection
User 1: boy is like whatever haan then she won't be chubby and she won't have pimples
User 2: your beard hopefully he should get
User 1: so mean
User 2: fine na 
User 1: are you saying that even my beard is better than yours ?
User 2: duh
User 1: lolzz
User 2: i want know people in oe ya
User 1: i think chantal ask her once
User 2: na
User 1: acha then idk
User 2: i am not particularly amused by her presence
User 1: lol
User 2: pretty superfluous
User 1:  okay
User 2: baby the mcq answers
User 1: yo ya
User 2: you havent given the right ones
User 1: i have lol
User 2: for which yours were wrong
User 1: oh hold on six beg baki toh correct hai
User 2: accha good good i got beh shish rest i'll do tomorrow now
User 1: close haan do do
User 2: to sleep or to 70s
User 1: sleeping ? haha 70s
User 2: what you do
User 1: jane the virgin
User 2: i can't eyes keep shutting
User 1: what why not
User 2: i also instead what time to wake you up at goodnight 
User 1: never good night sweetie love you puchli
User 2: tellll love you too aloo
User 1: i'm not kidding don't wake me up i will sleep till eternity oh gosh
User 2: you must wake up by time and not whenever
User 1: jen when we have our house this will also be a rule sunday chodke all days wake up time eight am
User 2: no alarm?
User 1: no no till then let me enjoy
User 2: itoh do that in sunday too loll fine
User 1: eh no need sunday is fun day
User 2: don't stay awake past two goodnight
User 1: awle good night 
User 2: kaha ho
User 1: flood in my dream full kedarnath style you were also there i was in a safe kind of place and i was like no where is jenit i have to find him so i looked everywhere and didn't find then kaushik came and he's like wahan hai ex girlfriends ke saath chill kar raha hai i was like acha jo bhi safe nahin hai challo sabko nikalo and we got everyone out and we all went to another safe house on the top of a hill
User 2:  did everyone survive
User 1: ya ya then we bought the house and stayed in the mountains rustic tha
User 2: ooo nicee
User 1: lots of water everywhere
User 2: your vocab questions were very simple
User 1: lol acha
User 2: my book ones are so bad
User 1: i see
User 2: lol
User 1: acha princeton ka
User 2: i'll start analytical writing today yess and vocab
User 1: okk
User 2: i want to eat chicken ya. all the people are always busy shish
User 1: my butt hurts so much lol no chicken for jen we should start with papers jen we will have a horrible time constraint otherwise
User 2: true weekend i'll start till then i'll do analytical and vocab i can't start beforen
User 1: okk
User 2: you start if you want let me know how it goes
User 1: haan i must
User 2: day after i'll revise maths also
User 1: okay check your date pls
User 2: twenty-six yours?
User 1: thirty-one
User 2: new year's ke din bapre mado
User 2: but you'll get time so that's good only what you do
User 1: excuse to not go out lunch
User 2: why you wearing a shirt at home lol
User 1: as in vidushi broke up i think no she's going to keep it for three more months only then break up
User 2: why does she always decide all this what joy
User 1: i have no idea i don't even think she likes him that much she's just doing time pass i feel
User 2: why she keeps doing it rishabs new victim
User 1: ohhhh i thought you were texting i was like what is wrong with this boy
User 2: you know that's tinder app na
User 1: no
User 2: it is
User 1: piglet
User 2: man his friend let him stay till the 17th
User 1: okay
User 2: he's fucking embracing it hahaha
User 1: who is this guy
User 2: .
User 1: no no that's toh this varshini i'm talking about who's house did you write your essay yet i want to read i'm writing mine done with a paragraph
User 2: vedant which
User 1: acha analytical writing you said you'll do
User 2: there are many many examples in my book. i need to first read i'm not jumping directly into solving slowly but it's fine. i had the same thing in school do quick revision
User 1: oh okk lol wah do you want to read mine i need someone to mark it like how much you think i would get
User 2: send topic and full essay when done
User 1: okay
User 2: apu and vasvi are back lol
User 1: lol what r they upto how many words should it be for a six ? like how many words do i write ?
User 2: quality baby vasvi did it with a junior lolll did it did it you don't know about the varshini thing you know only vasvi thinf
User 1: arre jen pls text babu kuch nahin samajh aaya and abhi mom is at home you're saying stuff like did it lol
User 2:  sorry sorry nothinggt it's fkne how's the essay
User 1: it's good i think it's against everyone's views but it's my essay and idgaf
User 2: noooo these are the hardest to write my teacher used to tell me to never go fully opposite till i reach god level which never happened because i got c in my boards lrl
User 1: no no it's not i can pick a side da
User 2: aap bhejo toh i'm too tipsy to start analytical somehow i'm doing vocabulary too quickly so i'll do that
User 1:  good good do
User 2: i know you're not computer science but if you'd email me that it will be much easier and pic of the question
User 1: okay hehe haan i sent it check it out pls kaisa laga
User 2: i'll read now no disturbing adverse effects on your marks
User 1: ok
User 2: i'm already laughing after reading the heading you said you are against it
User 1: why
User 2: you really like competition hehe
User 1: yes of course
User 2: hehhe okay i'll read in the first line i think the comma shouldn't come since it's a continuous idea
User 1: arre you read the whole thing first
User 2: i'm the examiner. don't you be audacious enough to rebutle my statements.
User 1: ei read with flow da
User 2: but what truly makes a superior subset among leaders are those who have the resolve to lead their team to an unrivalled disposition. i really like this line the doorman can be more courteous, the waiter more friendly and the chef more passionate i don't know if this is correct english even if it is, it should be reframed whatever good vocab you've used fits perfects but i feel you should make your sentences more complex so that people like me dint understand it lol and if you're gonna be on the competitiveness ka side argue thoda more about cooperation i'll give 4-4.5 but eh, i got c so what do you knoe
User 1: lol haha good one bas 4.5 is peace for me
User 2: how many essays did you read before writing
User 1: why it's bad or what
User 2: it's not very strong and needs to explore both sides
User 1: haan i should've written more na i asked how many words
User 2: read more dikshita you need to know what to write before writing that's why i'm not solving papers
User 1: haan maybe
User 2: practice is key so to practice you should know how to the correct way read more
User 1: haan i shall abhi gym
User 2: do do how was ittr
User 1: are you tipsyy today was not as bad as yesterday aaj arms kiya and thoda butt hehe light tha arms hopefully pain karega thoda let's see
User 2: heheh it's fine if it doesn't pain now used to hogaya not anymore but still telling friend to drive my car lol
User 1: good 
User 2: dikshitaaaa can i smoke up today these people are getting stuff from usa which i have never tried pleaseee
User 1: lol do
User 2: hehehe yayyy now what will you do
User 1: ritesh ka bday hai aaj so uska unofficial party and cake cutting
User 2: every kid always has an official party in your family kya?
User 1:  yes jen
User 2: usko bolo woh pubg wale bhaiya wish kar rahe hai i just passed sea link such a beauty dude
User 1: he doesn't know you beta he's too tiny
User 2: i'm not beta i'm not small ritesh is smalk  cake don't eat too much
User 1: awwwww okay i didn't eat at all
User 2: thoda toh khao 
User 1: no i ate the cheese things
User 2: kyaaa
User 1: macaroni nachos pizza and little babycorn
User 2: aww it's okay i'll text in a bit low battery and i won't get home till late
User 1: haan acha i'm awake only it's peace text whenever
User 2: what will you do but now
User 1: gre sections i'll do my mom said it was good my essay you don't know anything
User 2: qokau
User 1: she said that the line you asked to change was the best line in the essay
User 2: ok then you listen to her
User 1:  aww jen no i appreciate your review
User 2: trust me you're not getting one
User 1: okay jeez i was just kidding
User 2: hehe it's okay da chill how many sections did you do
User 1: aiyo none you got me so worried i thought you felt bad i swear i was jk
User 2: ae chill da mom ke aage there's no word even i know hehe
User 1: noooo
User 2: it's so hot omg
User 1: i would like to get multiple reviews haha how was the mj
User 2: true true just started update in fifteen hehe
User 1: have funnnnnnn lolss
User 2: gooood mellow
User 1: woohoooo jen the analytical writing thing doesn't get added to three hundred and forty it's separate it's reportef as a separate score
User 2: for what and it is a big relief tbh
User 1: like they'll give it like x340  y6 like that
User 2: and what's the split in x and y
User 1: but report khali x hoga three hundred and forty mein one hundred and seventy quant one hundred and seventy verbal six mein average of your two essays ka out of six marks
User 2: this i know
User 1: ya
User 2: this too so main three hundred and forty will be what we grt
User 1: to your uni both will go
User 2: accha this tell
User 1: divya is getting three hundred and nineteen in her practice tests i'm trying tomorrow
User 2: wow
User 1: i wanna see
User 2: don't be competitive
User 1: i'm not being competitive i just wanna see
User 2: fine
User 1: omg i read your mind jen i think we're going to start to read mind this is so exciting
User 2: you know this is too common so i don't even make a big deal now
User 1:  but it was so accurate
User 2: most of the time i'm the one completing
User 1: and i haven't noticed this before
User 2: what
User 1: oh haan
User 2: dude
User 1: maybe that's why
User 2: fine i'll tell from next time too commo it was good but not worth the price
User 1: oh how much ?
User 2: but like it has less density so more volume 2k for one gram
User 1: idk how much that is nvm
User 2: manipal mai you get 7-10 grams for five hundred 
User 1: already you're not high? wow
User 2: it's fading
User 1: maybe it's cause
User 2: darkweb see order kiya that's why
User 1: it's risky to bring to india
User 2: synonym for darkweb
User 1: hey
User 2: see we said same again
User 1: it happened again ohhhh
User 2: again 
User 1: we say the same thing different ways heheheh
User 2: why'd you think tanisha broke up and we didn't you're smiling now aren't you aww
User 1: cause her bf is muslim creepy jen this telenovela is out of the world jane the virgin i'm watching it right it's so good and it's soooooo close cause the main lead jane she's like meeeeee and i already told you this morning that the hero is like you and it's so awesome i just can't stop watching it it's so romantic omg like it fits so well all the drama and all it's like watching real life in reel i mean just their relationship not the extra rubbish cause jane has a plan and all and she tries to be good all the time and she's a sweetie the only difference is that she is a virgin and she's pregnant lol you must try to watch it okay so when i watch marvelous mrs maisel you must watch jane the virgin pls i can't even stop watching it it's too cute omg i'm obsessed the guy proposed and the girl answered exactly what i would've this is too much fun jen i love you so much and this telenovela is so romantic ugh makes me wanna be romantic hehe jen i can't sleep i just want to know what happens next 5am gosh he's so cute i'm dying you must watch it pls he's amazing that jane is only an idiot 
User 2: 5am bapre i can't start anything new now after gre baby and you shout at me for watching so much tv lol
User 1: but the guy is so cute
User 2: kitne episodes you saw
User 1: too many jen i'm addicted and the hero is so charming he says all the right things you must i'm going to gopalpur on friday night i'll be back on monday morning
User 2: what is for what
User 1: resort to chill
User 2: how far
User 1: train we have to take
User 2: .
User 1: overnight train aww jen i see that guy and he totally reminds me of you he's so cute like you aw
User 2: bapre i will never train fuckk in west bengal only? jane the virgin mai? hehe thanks i appreciate
User 1: yaaaaaaqaaaaaa he's sooo sweet that jane is only mad he's toh a darling
User 2: poor virgin
User 1: whatcha doing
User 2: sad pick
User 1: day drinking
User 2: not much. i have to drive after this na ashwanis cousins place beautiful
User 1: oooh interesting so much gym but weight is then also increasing i don't understand
User 2: isn't increasinh you mean?
User 1: is increasing
User 2: so what you don't understand
User 1: why it's increasing
User 2: oh i thought weights you are lifting are increasing muscle is increasing and fat is slowly decreasing so overall positive
User 1: everyday i see one kg extra my weight is fifty-four rn normally it stays fifty fifty-one i'm gymming then also increasing why
User 2: it's fine
User 1: noooooo i wanna be forty-seven kgs
User 2: boobs will disappear
User 1: nooo sports bra magiccc
User 2: suddenly one day you'll wake up and then cry after seeing it aapka lol ho jayega is there network in gopalpur
User 1: lolll
User 2:  kaha hooo
User 1: india story the most happening place in kolkata remember i had sent a video to you last year also same vaisa
User 2: which video da what is it but
User 1: it's an exhibition
User 2: indian?
User 1: no everything like expensive stuff i liked a purse so mom's going to buy that it's damn stylish and dad ka wedding wear hello toh bolo
User 2: whose wedding lil ha get to manipal i want to see hello jaan so tired today
User 1: whoever decided to get rried next hi baby
User 2: i drove sixty-five kms todaynlol
User 1: kyun baby kyun? sixty-five km's inside bombay ? it's not proper for manipal
User 2: yess send a pic then when will you get
User 1: yup after we come back from gopalpur
User 2: which resort and what activities are there will there be wifiii
User 1: mayfair i think ooh let's see hahaha ya it's a great properly property  arrreeee text na
User 2: but such. nice face. i like to see it
User 1: net is bad today the text is only taking so long to go net nahin chal raha bilkul i wore my jessica simpson heels i bought those from bangkok they were good heels i'm so so forlorn cause now my feet are hurting cause the soul wore out expensive things are supposed to be of good quality damn annoying i've completely forgotten how to walk in heels
User 2: aee full day na sadd
User 1: i was walking like a duck all night sole
User 2: shouldn't have worn it for a busy day  your polos have made you manly
User 1: no i wore it only only only for india story and that was a lot of walking i buy comfortable heels always i'm a smart shopper ugh don't say that
User 2: aww but i like you na
User 1: i'm a socialite when not in college
User 2: i like your man part too
User 1: no i'm not
User 2: right
User 1: i just dress better
User 2:  right aww honey suree
User 1: i do dress better i wear heels
User 2: ootn ka pic hi nahi bheje how will i judge
User 1: hahah it wasn't that great also jane and rafael are fighting i feel sad cause they're so perfect for each other network is better now
User 2: i'll call in a bit. you complete your episode
User 1: awkay and my butt hurts
User 2: send other paper also
User 1: what you wanna solve in easy there's nothing to solve they've given the direct answer lolz i sleep too late
User 2: naughty you were very are sote hi nahi was in the building gym when this uncle showed up who knew me. he basically forced me to sign up to attend a seminar. seminar which is indirectly meant to diss all religions and brain wash kids into adopting jainism
User 1:  jain
User 2: hello
User 1: hi tootie
User 2: my head is aching morning morning chi waste
User 1: aiyo you woke up with the headache?
User 2: no i went to the gym and then got a massage
User 1: then it's probably cause you woke up suddenly
User 2: after that
User 1: aiyo go to sleep then we can solve the paper later
User 2: when will you solve
User 1: wherever you day say but i have to remove four hours means today gym i'll miss aiyo
User 2: it's okay rest day is needed go on sunday we'll start at two
User 1: this weekend i'm outside baby but like gopalpur will have a gym i'll go there no problem okk
User 2: innocent facade with a twisted personality. don't 
User 1: what
User 2: nothing 
User 1: kaisa laga booty
User 2: bhagwan ki booty
User 1: haha
User 2: don't hesitate to send more
User 1: did you like it ?
User 2: mera chehra khil utha
User 1: bum kaisa laga honey tell na pls me ? or vidushi
User 2: both thoda thoda hehehe itna accha laga aapka bum baby
User 1: lolz twisted nahin hoon main tum ho naughty
User 2: bum ka happy snap aap bheje suddenly even you're kinky i toh love it
User 2: i didn't sleep now head ache went so i revised maths so i'll sleep in the afternoon but you start at two okay
User 1: i'll start now if you're not doing with me i finished packing and all happy snap that's why aww baby i cut my hand with the razor i have an ouchie
User 2: see. there is nothing wrong with sending it. you just read stupid things kaiseee bapre start after video call hehe
User 1: paper based i'm doing i'll save the computer test for later dad does bhagwat gita chanting cause he read the meaning and he likes it it's life lessons right so he does that bhagwad gita he does daily morning mein chanting is good for old people
User 2: bapre
User 1: it keeps them sharp cause you have to pay attention to each syllable na dad is fifty dude good he's doing and puja ka chakkar only dadi dadu have dadi has baby krishna ka puja so for him she has to treat him just like a baby so she sings bhajan and all for him and if it's too hot in the puja ghar she will leave the fan open or holi mein she buys organic colours and puts on the baby krishna hers is a very orthodox form of prayer but it's interesting cause everyday she puts new new clothes and all for him dadu has ghar ka big puja ka work idk what he does tbh cause it happens on another floor mom doesn't do any physical puja she hates all this tam jham but she has a favourite god she likes shiv uska stories and all she likes she likes that he lives an austere lifestyle even though he's a king so she has faith in him all this aarti and all she doesn't care for but agar ghar pe ho raha hai she will be a part of it and all properly with enthusiasm both mom and dad believe in energy like each person has an aura of positive or negative energy how to strengthen that and they're actually on the path to achieve moksh nirvana i think you guys call it so they want to reduce their worldly ties but eh not happening energy as in why some places have more energy than others cause of the vibrations emitted by each person like if you stay with negative people you'll become that with positive people you'll become that basically that idk they're into learning the right way to live life so they go for classes and all mom fasts a lot every monday and she hasn't eaten and won't eat rice until vidushi graduates mine all this natak isn't there puja i will not do but i will respect each of the different beliefs and i'll do my work and ya one god is there def that much i will believe my sister doesn't give a shit about all this idk what she believes in i don't think she believes in god
User 2: we also call it this only shit i got the wrong sister bapre bahut messages bhej diye heheheh aww are you solving the paper do you wanna naughty naughty hehe
User 1: i'm getting my pedicure i'll naughty naughty after that no she's mad haan aapko situation samjhana tha padha aapne? ki skip
User 2: obviously why so many lol nooo she the mvp
User 1: aap khali khali mere sister ke baare mein fantasize karte rehte ho kabhi vidushi kabhi pranitis cause my feet are in a really bad state once in six months i need it's a medical pedicure to remove corns and all she's mad dude
User 2: didn't you get one done this vacation only nets candidates for threesome toh kya kare  paper kab karoge
User 1: iske baad abhi i'm going to just enjoy my pedicure
User 2: hehhe
User 1: while i eat some bday cake
User 2: motu
User 1: nope
User 2: popu
User 1: not at all
User 2: fine
User 1: i will decide the limit remember
User 2: gosh i know
User 1: do you want happy snaps or not
User 2: fine
User 1: yeah na ?
User 2: hehehe
User 1: heheh
User 2: no blackmail
User 1: keep me happy babydoll
User 2: cheater cheater cock eater
User 1: it's how it works that might be true
User 2: naughty
User 1: muah
User 2: i like 
User 1: oh i can be vv naughty
User 2: prove it through the snaps surprise me
User 1: just like you can be a good punish-er lolz
User 2: hehe
User 1: okay so i shall i'm going to try something so awesomeeeeeee
User 2: ooo
User 1: i learn stuff
User 2: i'm intrigued now i know
User 1: yes
User 2: too much reading
User 1: whatcha doing ?
User 2: i was playing pubg
User 1: okay playyy
User 2: now deciding whether i should sleep it wait for happy snaps or
User 1: hahah either way
User 2: i'm excited
User 1: when you get up you'll get it it'll take me some time with the pedicure
User 2: okay i'll sleep then.
User 1: and then the hype yes
User 2: enjoy the pedicure
User 1: i also have to pii
User 2: bapre
User 1: poo
User 2: noo karlooo
User 1:  still sleeping sweetie ? aww babyyy hi sweetheart there are some happy snaps for you let me knowwww what you think okay i'm going to go to sleep i have to wake up at six  you no see my pics they're sexy i think i miss you cutue two hours sleep aiyo
User 2: aap paper kyu nahi write kar rahe
User 1: i'm actually tired my body is hurting like arms and all he gave a damn hard excercise i should complete my sleep before the trip otherwise i'll be too tired to enjoy challo gm gn
User 2: gn babyy sleep tighhtttt
User 1: baby awwwww you so cute
User 2: cutie sojao
User 1: thanks baby
User 2: woke up?
User 1: ya my shoulders hurt a lot from gym
User 2: aww chal i'm starting the test byeeee
User 1: bye sweetie
User 2: i took thirty-five mins for verbal instead of thirty it's untimed
User 1: i see
User 2: dikshitaaaa verbal bahut ganda tha i only got 1940 quants toh 4040 divya got one hundred and fifty-three something when she got twenty-two correct
User 1: what will you write for this wait i'll tell you your score three hundred and eighteen sweetheart good job ! for now work on your verbal nineteen is very poor
User 2: yes yes not fixes depends on the particular test difficulty but around that nineteen bad i know vocab karna hai
User 1: haan do do
User 2: ap nikle?
User 1: is that so haan i'm in the train me mom dad
User 2: i haven't done essay writing yet da
User 1: vidushi nitya and ritesh acha divya was asking
User 2: why are the kids also there lol
User 1: acha i'm starting my paper let's see what i'm worth aiyo i can't concentrate itna long time tak and i can't do itna fast wtf i did one section i took one hour and then also do much wrong gone death papers i have to do cause entertainment three hundred and twenty-two mine came
User 2: where did you solve train? good only out of forty what was your split for both
User 1: i didn't solve the entire thing it's an estimated score based on one section then i just took worst case and multiplied by two
User 2: . what about quant
User 1: train assumed one hundred and seventy lol
User 2: then it's that you took long and didn't get very good marks you can't concentrate na it's okay when will you reach oh you reached how is the weather send pictures
User 1: weather is good abhi one temple we have to go not at all
User 2: yall look like a typical north indian family in winter hahaha it's funny go go pray
User 1:  mom's thinking of changing my name to rajeshwari and vidushi ka to meenakshi you wanna date a rajeshwari 
User 2: changing name is too much effort man i checked i want to remove jain from my name it's hard ooo bay of bengal
User 1: heheheh
User 2: kya kiyaaa
User 1: i went sea bathing and now i'm tan and freckly hehehe sea bathing !!! i was in the deeeeep i went round round in the current
User 2: matlab
User 1: and the current was too strong hehehe i became a water baby
User 2: dikshu didi bula raha hai hahah damn nice view isnitncolr aww phir aa jayega de dw
User 1: pagal hai uff mom got so angry at the waitress cause she was being rude
User 2: how
User 1: what how ?
User 2: how was she being rude
User 1: she brought cream of mushroom instead of cream of tomato and blamed it on us and so she called the manager and told him that she won't serve us anymore you would've enjoyed it
User 2: loll wth in ginger garlic we sent the food back because it had carrots in it and my mom doesn't even have that lolll what did your mom say
User 1: arre these kids are so irritating dude anything is fine but i will not tolerate my kids becoming spoil entitled stupid brats hence no tv din bhar these idiots only watch tv and what rubbish they watch
User 2: ya man the cartoons have really gone to shit my mama's kids are like all 10th grade  and they still watch that stupid tarak mehta ka oolta chasma and bs like thay today i got so pissed in the morning all the bathrooms are so disorganized and like pipeline construction is going on so sometimes the house smells which is inevitable so i have told my mom million times to get the air freshener again she never gets it and then the walls have water problem or something so now we have small termite problem also i don't like living here i told her that i'm not staying in this building after engineering and especially not getting married here let dad come. i'm gonna tell him to start seriously considering his options because im done
User 1: aiyo
User 2: i don't want renovation i want new
User 1: you are buying na anyway
User 2: ya but like nothing is fixed na. and dad is very very good at delaying stuff
User 1: let the wedding finish this is difficult but so is this
User 2: no i don't give a shit i'm done
User 1: don't give an ultimatum like this baby acha okk talk to him then
User 2: id rather live alone or with friends in a rented apartment then live in such a home  get bt from parents
User 1: what bt happened
User 2: grandparents not dying is a continuous one among normal everyday bs
User 1:  don't say like this hon aiyo i thought only grand mom you had trouble with she still annoys you kya
User 2: now she knows to just avoid me but whenever she talks i get irritated grand dad is just there. don't care. so eh whatever all i know is i'm done with this buikdingn i told my mom i want a cosmo society but that won't happen when is fine and the i'm tired of rishab putting his thoughts across as mine he has done it before and i shouted at him for doing so
User 1: when ? what did he do
User 2: i wasn't joking. i meant the comment in a serious and a taunting manner
User 1: ya i know how annoying that can get
User 2: lolll same for you i know but your house is nice na we have this house since twenty years and we haven't even gotten the floor tiles changed. be bs i'm gonna focus all this energy and write another gre lol
User 1: no idm honestly cause i am not going to stay with them forever but like if you're uncomfortable then you got to fix stuff yes it is
User 2: no i meant you mind the building
User 1: what's the need babu
User 2: he loved my comment
User 1: they're trying to improve it but i love the location so it's peace
User 2: comments are to express your thoughts
User 1: correct they are yes approved
User 2: i would honestly love my building if i liked jainism. like they did improve a lot and the pipeline construction ke liye the broke the entire road so new road also. but i just feel claustrophobic surrounded by so many jains
User 1: wow nice you really don't like your religion na and your fam knows you don't so just walk away when they talk about it it's not like you can change their mind now cause they're old na old people are orthodox parochial people
User 2: i want them to believe in themselves instead of bhagwan sab accha karege
User 1: wow leave it jen learn from them and move on wait i'll charge my phone two mines what did you expect jen jainism is becoming a minority they're trying to protect their heritage by passing it on to the younger generation aur kya karenge i feel you and vidushi are damn similar in some things this non god behaviour is one the other one is just not being able to let things go it's fine if they gave you a pamphlet throw it away cutie
User 2: waste of paper pagal log
User 1: hahaha
User 2: see the thing i sent you on insta
User 1: pagal hai i agree
User 2: too funny
User 1: they are fanatics
User 2: bengali aquaman
User 1: that's what they're called babu is that so i'm not bengali though lolz are you free
User 2: you understand naaa
User 1: nvm the video quality is damn bad
User 2: what are you doing
User 1: i'm not being able to open the insta things only whatsapp is working what to do i'm relaxing
User 2: bahar jao na
User 1: mom said five o clock swimming in the pool
User 2: next to sea
User 1: aiyo jen
User 2: nicer cardio
User 1: i hate dirt you know na
User 2: but sea breeze
User 1: today in the temple i didn't even remove my socks lol i was like no pedicured feel feet but then i removed everything and ran off into the sea how much fun we had!!!! i was doing loat poat in the sand loll so sorry dirty
User 2: shi
User 1: and the current was so much
User 2: no you said you don't like dirt bapre kitna inside you went?
User 1: haan wind also current also not very inside cause big waves were coming pretty strong so no need to go i didn't do loat poat in the dry sand
User 2: i don't like water only
User 1: i did loat poat in the sea water
User 2: then it's fine should i watch aquaman
User 1: ya even i didn't but the beach was so clean and no dirt so then i was like funnnnnn and i ran into the water ultimately i did loat poat in the wet sand only cause everytime i used to go in the waves used to push me over onto the shore no i was a fishy today riding the waves i just just just hope uti doesn't come back cause of this so much water also i drank
User 2: eww you sound like you're nileshs agr hahahaha but good
User 1: hahahah
User 2: vacation is must
User 1: you should have seen me
User 2: must be a kid
User 1: you would've been like kitne saal ki hai yeh
User 2: haha yeah i know i missed 
User 1: i was holding my sister's hand she was standing and i was sleeping in the water and everytime the wave came all the water would go over me but sister was still standing so the current could not push her and i did at least ten waves like that hahahaha so goooooood yahan also it's cold only so abhi to go in the water again would be a huge mistake
User 2: no swimming?
User 1: even when we went so much wind was there i already wet and dried my hair today i will go and order a mimosa and chill with papa
User 2: wah booze with parents accha hai
User 1: i think you will enjoy an outing with mom dad and then we have a plan for monopoly after this
User 2: order starters type and sit next to the swimming pool and eay
User 1: yups except non veg and drinking as in drinking too much and when you meet them and all for the first few times even if they ask chahiye kya just say no
User 2: yeah obviously
User 1: ya
User 2: plus i don't like drinking much just beer beer is beaut i remember i had my first beer in tspirits and hated it
User 1: not even that with mom dad we will do when we get to go together
User 2: i just finished it because i didn't want rudhran and apu to judge me loo
User 1:  abhi you enjoy it  as long and no beer belly i'm happy see all the sculptures all the apsaras and all hot people used to wear only dhoti and jewellery dude like huge necklace and all a scanty transparent dhoti and nothing else
User 2: india has he most gold na
User 1: not even a cloth on the top how hot is that
User 2: hot days
User 1: kya ?
User 2: see we said same thing again necklace and all
User 1: hahah but no blouse
User 2: pura zamane mai everyone was too rich
User 1: and look how awesome their boobs were like it's been done by the best plastic surgeon and it's okay to put on the facade of the temple also dude not wearing anything and pointy af nipples all the time
User 1: and they would just roam around
User 2: i wish you'd also do that with me 
User 1: giving people fruits and dancing
User 2: they had a full dothrakhi scene going on lol
User 1: i would become a pakka lesbian dude
User 2: bi please
User 1: yaaaa exactly eh idm anything we're still on for the threesome though we just have to catch one female male no need i'm not okay with it lol
User 2: i'll be too uncomfortable loll thank god 
User 1: not just you sweetie
User 2: dhundo dhundo
User 1: this body ain't for everybody
User 2: :') you make me so happy
User 1: hehe
User 2: ganda mood bhi acha karte ho
User 1: first say same otherwise i'll be the one in ganda mood mercurial i am
User 2: no one wants my body dw 
User 1: but you're so hot you're like almost rafael
User 2: hahahha thanks ha
User 1: and he's very very very chocolatey
User 2: i had milk today and now having tea now pimplesss
User 1: woww very nice just throw your specs
User 2: i'll be chocolate with raspberry coolie 
User 1: and we're the hottest couple around
User 2: you are
User 1: i was being romantic thanks ha no no
User 2: guys mai thode acche dai
User 1: we gotta be the best
User 2: aww babu
User 1: i think devishi and jappe almost beat us rn oh worse if not them gayathri and aahad definitely do nahi chalega
User 2: why beat us like how
User 1: like they're hotter than us :
User 2: jappe looks like a good little boy. but problem is we arent sixteen anymore so eh
User 1: not allowed hahahah leave them i don't think devs beats me but what about these two
User 2: no one beats you
User 1: thanks except you
User 2: i'll catch up dw aww
User 1: i will tell you how only lenses forever and ever are you busy sweetie i'll be busy after five so maybe now be free
User 2: ha say na i'll start test at five
User 1: haan abhi how's your mood ?
User 2: better
User 1: still annoyed
User 2: aap ho na
User 1: kya annoy karne ? 
User 2: mood accha karne
User 1: babydoll kya kiya aapne aaj
User 2: annoy karne ke liye bahut log hai lol woke up late lol
User 1: hahah
User 2: got ready
User 1: good
User 2: go irritated luncj then vocab
User 1: meditate
User 2: then pubg then nowww
User 1: inhale exhale
User 2: i was actually planning to today let's see
User 1: okay then you chill now love you sweetheart
User 2: you're going kya?
User 1: no but you seem busy  what are you doing ?
User 2: chotu kam i'm doing. man these boxes have to pack them
User 1: achaaa for jheal ? haan karna toh padega
User 2: too much hassle when only one person has to do it but ha it's a two people job
User 1: karlo aaram se baitha lo kisi ko
User 2: when will you be free
User 1: you have help no at home now then raat ko eleven jaisa
User 2: he's prepping dinner because mom is out
User 1: acha
User 2: kya karoge tab tak bapre
User 1: monopoly yudh hoga aaj i feel like i should put in a power nap
User 1: cause my eyes are ekdum
User 1: shutting
User 2: no
User 1: and i can't win without
User 2: go have mimosas next to the pool
User 1: sleep hahaha it's fine man it's not like i'm coming for the last time i'm enjoying the property i played air hockey and snooker tomorrow morning again swimming and beach
User 2: kiske saath? snooker kisko aata hai
User 1: air hockey with ritesh papa
User 2: oohh
User 1: he forgot to tell the pocket so funny it was
User 2: the only way you win lolll
User 1: i joined mom's already losing game what to do idk what i did at the gym jen i'm not being able to straighten my hand only again it got sprained like last time
User 2: sprained or just painingn it hapoens
User 1: if i straighten it hurts too much so i guess paining
User 2: ha then it's fine dw but i'm telling you to do thoda less
User 1: how to undo i'll do what he says na
User 2: it shouldn't pain after two wreks do three sets
User 1: he hasn't even given weights da shoulder ka diya one do you know that excercise jismein
User 2: triangle over your head? with dumbbells?
User 1: gymnastics ke tarah you have to lift just your legs up propped up on your arms
User 2: where are you holding your hands
User 1: no where it's like a stand thing you have to keep your forearm on that
User 2: lift your legs and do what
User 1: and get it to waist level i knew i should've taken a video
User 2: shoulders ka? no da i don't know this one
User 1: then abs ka hoga but my shoulders are paining cause of that you do your work baby text when free i'll be free only i'm on holidayyyy
User 2: enjoy with family baby
User 1: i'm going to take a short nap good night could you maintain my snap steal it's not working omi only wassup streak
User 2: haan i'll do the streak why aren't you sleeping
User 1: i just woke up
User 2: hello first verbal was so baf thirty mins mai toh impossible
User 1: i kniwwwww
User 2: man again i got 1940 in verbal shish kuch karna padega timing is the problem
User 1: how come you're answering only forty questions ?
User 2: there are twenty twenty questions in each section and no experimental na
User 1: no twenty-five questions which paper are you solving ?
User 2: no da ets practice set it's twenty per section
User 1: in how much time ? thirty-five mins ? then toh timing is peace dude my paper had twenty-five questions in thirty-five mins
User 2: twenty in thirty for verbal
User 1: hmm that's not what's written in the ets book are you sureeeeeee
User 2: arre baba divya also follows that
User 1: acha okay then i don't have a time crunch
User 2: you just have six seconds extra per question than you thought lol
User 1: i see i don't need that time for anything apart from rc
User 2: dad said at least five years more for a new house and then gave an emotional speech about how people around me are doing worse and now i just don't care anymore i'm not moving home after engineering till they shift
User 1: you are leaning towards not moving home at all jen thoda think babu before you say it i told you how it can be hurtful na hi hon mom came i'll call you back but network is bad
User 2: okay
User 1: tell wassup
User 2: no idc anymore he said rn toh shaddi is there so obviously we cant make big expenditure now. and later hes like if the building is ready and then he can think because he doesn't wanna stay on rent for more than a year (like when we sell my current house and wait for the new one to get made) and again, same bullshit that real estate is very down and all and then he's like i won't take a loan because it's a vicious cycle and that accumulating the money for new house without selling the current one will take time because there's a recession going on then i was like then try finding options to try to relieve the business burden by branching out and then he just gave me examples of my cousins who tried branching out and got fucked so basically his idea behind alleviating the business problem is just to wait and hope for the best and when i told him he has to do something about it he just said that all the businesses are facing this problemn then i just gave up i'm done dude. i don't like my home i'm going to be an itinarent itinerant
User 1: don't ever take a rent house pls i know people who have and they're only like kab jaenge own home mein selling the current for sure na how come suddenly you don't like your home babu it's nice na you showed me aiyo i understand how horrible that can be it's okay baby manipal mein you have it na and then anyway you will go for college you won't have to stay at home this time take your internship also in bangalore so that you don't have to go but i think you should not confront itna cause they're old jen it won't feel good for them also but bad home is a problem and you don't even like the people is okay baby just ten days more
User 2: nope not until we have enough to buy new one directly i meant rent while the new one is getting furnished everyone does that that's toh fine mom won't allow man let's see and i might do one year job before masters i don't know but mostly idc if they getbhurt i need to make my future nothing will hold me down
User 1: aiyo that too in bombay okay if you're peace with it not taking up dad's business ? why ? toh aap two jobs karoge? learn your dad's work you're old enough aiyo are you sure jen ambitious nice jenittttttttttttt it's a waste of time i already explained this to you
User 2: i'm not gonna be a part of that let's see i'm gonna work my arse off so that it's all good when they are too old. if they have to suffer not being with me for ten years or so then be it no lol
User 1: acha theek hai your choice
User 2: arre no that's not a big deal
User 1: but this toh i'm telling you time waste hai
User 2: dude but dad just told me that the girls family gifting her a house or a car is very offensive for shaddi
User 1: lol maybe but for vidushi we have to keep
User 2: why
User 1: cause she her boyfriends are not usually well to do
User 2: that's the only reason my dada got one for jheal
User 1: so uske liye toh flat and all needed hai
User 2: like just in case but then we sold it after we decided in jinkesh
User 1: because if not then neither she nor her chosen mate will be able to support the kind of lifestyle she has entitled ka bhi max entitled hai woh haan he's toh rich enough na peace mere liye kuch liya nahin mom dad mera jewellery bhi start nahin kiya pata nahin kuch milega ki nahi tumko bas me chalega toh ?
User 2: yeah dad just said that like for girl we have to get
User 1: kya kya ?
User 2: if you marry someone poor toh bhi chaleha because she will come here so we can take care of her house
User 1: haww you think i'm poor ?  really ?
User 2: i'm saying we don't want anything from the girl like jheal is only taking a new wardrobe
User 1: hawww you didn't answer
User 2: and jewelery bapre natak
User 1: you natak
User 2: i'm saying even if you were and your dad didn't give anything that it would be fine by my fam
User 1: theek hai aap yehi socho
User 2: where did i say you're poor 
User 1: aap mera question answer nahi kiye
User 2: you're on a vacation and i'm at home this is the answer
User 1:  my dad is not that parsimonious also
User 2: jheals jewelry was also made now only chalega time hai cant you read the if fucktard
User 1: milega lekin kuch start nahin hua making no
User 1: now i read heheg
User 2: time hai
User 1: aapko kya chahiye aap bolo
User 2: dikshitaaaa
User 1: haan time toh hai aww i'm just teasing sweetie i'll get you branded things dw  this is so funny kya kar rahe ho aap  abhi ghar pe fight kiya lekin girlfriend ko toh attention dena padega okay so i have to tell something too
User 1: so you know we're here with the two kids right
User 2: haa
User 1: i know bombay kids like it
User 2: sorry i was watching movie lol
User 1: which one ?
User 2: tell snowden
User 1: ya so before it was supposed to be a family thing not just mom dad me vidushi and the two kids kaka kaki were going to come bua and all also but sabka something something and no one came but mom ka favourite is ritesh but all of us just hate their manners and all
User 2: ahhahaha
User 1: but mom won't hear a thing against ritesh so both of us don't say anything to her listen carefully i'm teaching you how to deal with children and what i don't want mine to be like at all . but nitya we can't deal
User 2: haaa your mom is very scary dude
User 1: so i toh am very very scared to say anything to them so i avoid conversation altogether but vidushi doesn't shut up
User 2: what does she do
User 1: they're not my mom's children i can't say anything na it's not my place like she doesn't like her so she tokos her all the time nagging and all she's very ill mannered and she treats us like servants garam paani lao chips kyun khaya mujhe khana tha and then she talks like her maid okay and i already told you how much these kids watch tv so she started crying at night
User 2:  all these ziddi kids bapre why
User 1: and we thought it was cause she was feeling sleepy
User 2: but she wanted tv?
User 1: i'm toh so irritated
User 2: your mom is too scary
User 1: i just wanted this trip to be about the four of us
User 2: tell her it's not your job to entertain others on your vacation
User 1: because of that mom is getting angry at dad
User 2: why was she crying
User 1: and dad has done a lotttttt to make this trip happen train ka best tickets best rooms neither is hers tbh i can't be like that jen you know that and she's getting this break after so long
User 2: she called them so her fault lol
User 1: between her jobs and all
User 2: true
User 1: even if it is i can't talk like that to her she will take a gun and shoot me and poor thing both of them dude one tiny six year old is creating so much havoc
User 2: .
User 1: i have no clue she's a brat dude honestly i don't even care these kids are too pampered
User 2: so sad man. your vacation is getting ruined.
User 1: and ritesh is becoming a typical marwari male chauvinist
User 2: i would have not tolerated
User 1: and mere saamne yeh sab nahi chalega
User 2: tell your mom. she'll kill you
User 1: oh i did so then he was saying something like dikshu di yeh karo woh karo i was like call the guy and get it done yourself so he went and told vidushi she also same and so he went and told nitya and that girl legit does everything he says also
User 2: that's what i love about my family. if youre older than someone else you automatically become their boss. and everyone approves of this rule 
User 1: not at all the case i'm vidusbis boss cause she's stupid
User 2: dude i tell my cousins who is a year younger than me to do and he has to 
User 1: lol no i'm loving it
User 2: why but
User 1: why what
User 2: you can't show your hatred
User 1: they're really stupid children dude i cannot tolerate it but since i have to it's fine i came prepared i knew this would happen and they're dirty yuck after showering and all also they want to go in the sand uff i don't want my children to be like them i can't deal if only i could slap them dude they would get it from me left right and centre kaki used to slap the older one and he was scared of her cause of that but ritesh was having severe drama
User 2: you also slap nitya no one likes her lol
User 1: and so he's turning out to be useless my mother will slap me read this na nahi chahiye bhai aise chutiye bache oops i don't even know what that means lols anyway did you see the diamond set nita ambani wore ? amazing everyday they wear a new diamond set dude wtf at least 10cr per set look at the size of the diamonds i don't even have emeralds that size
User 2: correct use dw
User 1: good one
User 1: challo enough negativity
User 2: dude you can't even go in their area in mumbai road blocked by the police
User 1: really wow it has to be custom made dude
User 2: and recently we passed some place where something was going on or had just gotten over
User 1: no one just makes a 10cr set and leaves it around
User 2: security all over
User 1: where do they keep this
User 2: vaults banks
User 1: where vaults
User 2: .
User 1: ten cr i've already seen at least ten sets one hundred cr toh aise hi ho gaya
User 2: i mean they are worth around 1.5 lakh crore rupees sk
User 1: oh
User 2: it's chill for them dude
User 1: wowwwwwwwww 1cr times 1.5lakj one cr times seven hundred times
User 2: haan hogaya maths chill karo
User 1: two hundred and fifteen wow you think they'll sponsor my education it'll cost them just 1cr challo you watch babu i'll ttyl
User 2: no i'm done kabka eth mai itna bhi nahi hoga
User 1: acha so then what are you doing haan kya peace then
User 2: i'm feeling very negative so i'll sleep soon but now i talk to youuu
User 1: this is harward ka ok
User 2: woh to hai eth is cheap na wait i'll see
User 1: 5.5lakh that's it ? wtf
User 2: how many euros?
User 1: usd one thousand, three hundred and ten per sem tuition fee
User 2: lol good only
User 1: peace same price as manipal education
User 2: no less
User 1: and i can shop hehe
User 2: lol bapre ladkiya ab kya karoge abhi
User 1: what about staying that's going to be expensive af aapse baat
User 2: you know you'll probably have a part time right
User 1: aapko acha nahin lag raha
User 2: mai so raha huuu
User 1: no
User 2: no-no lol brat
User 1: i'm not a brat i know what i have to concentrate on i can work let later i don't have any hurry acha sleep then love you feel better 
User 2: i love youuu goodnight 
User 1: goodnight aap kya kar rahe ho bolo naa
User 2: lying in my bed da
User 1: aapko sleep karna hai?
User 2: ya i don't like today's day getting done with it
User 1: okay sleep love you gn
User 1: hi honey how are you feeling now
User 2: i woke up new day i'll get a job in now jog but i just worked out at home my weight decreased from 70ish to sixty-seven fourteen  body fat decent abs come at 12ish or lower woohoo
User 1: woww nice sounds like i'll be seeing some abs in jan my throat is hurting so much aiyo
User 2: why da
User 1: khich khich type 
User 2: drink hot water what chilling plans todayyy
User 1: i've been drinking since yesterday breakfast buffet pool beach hot water that is aap bahut kam baat karne lage ho 
User 2: kitnaaa never mind  what did you drink drink chup pagal pura din rona
User 1: nothing
User 2: cutie  mimosas? i saw divijas story who are they
User 1: no you follow her
User 2: haaa
User 1: we're with the kids so mon said no so irritating these people are bro and bhabhi ribhav bhaiya and new rhythm bhabhi haan see it's true always you're doing something morning time also 
User 2: rhythm seriously? jogging
User 1: yaaa
User 2: then driving a lot
User 1: her name is rhythm burman
User 2: wow that's actually pretty cool
User 1: go drive then don't use your phone while driving
User 2: veryyy
User 1: she's hindu not christian don't get ideas
User 2: we are keeping got se names jon arya jaime jain  jijus parents want to make me fat
User 1: yes this is a good plan over my dead body if i die during childbirth also my last wish will be don't name the child jon wtf what a horrible name
User 2: fine not jon but arya
User 1: chauhan allowed hai na aaryan idm arya is a bad name
User 2: if we keep chauhan without me changing it then it will be a big problem
User 1: why
User 2: naman had to go through so much troubleb
User 1: i wanted to keep that for me lol jain is so mainstream
User 2: he had to get his surname changed ns step dad and all ks too much hassle yeah man i don't want such negativity to spread to my kids let's ser
User 1: i don't want them to be recognised as a religion mera toh anyways hoga when that happens i think my mom will change my name to rajeshwari
User 2:  she's serious about that kya why but shi
User 1: she she likes it eh you do your work man text when you're free
User 2: i'm not busy aiyo thoda chill in vacation da kitna stress lete ho taklu ban jaoge waise bhi bahut hairfall hai 
User 1: i don't want to interact with these children i just want to go home and leave them there and then come back i'm never traveling with them ever again
User 1: turning my nice relaxing weekend into working like a maid what nonsense
User 2: even i usually don't like travelling with other familys my masis and mama's are fine fun even
User 1: i just wanted to go four of us idk why these two extras are there
User 2: but dad's side, oho nothing doinh did you do any of their work tho
User 1: i have to listen to all their nonsense and my mom's the maid here dhat i don't have any hair fall just when i wash it some hair falls
User 2: aee aww,
User 1: enough hair is there on my head
User 2: is okay
User 1: pch
User 2: poor mom
User 1: i'm vv irritated i'm going you chill
User 2: why did she even say yes to get them along noo
User 1: she called them dude
User 2: don't go where you go
User 1: she wants to be aadarsh bahu what to do abhi toh i'm here only
User 2: that happened years ago 
User 1: sitting in the breakfast lounge ya even now
User 2: english breakfast?
User 1: idk why she invited ughhhh idk what
User 2: like what all is there for breakfast baby
User 1: vada waffles cheese and crackers
User 2: i don't know what all you get in orissa
User 1: juice fruits south indian full jacket potatoes omellet pastry assortment of breads etc etc corn flakes
User 2: matlab sab mix karliya bapre you didn't reply to the cheese straws
User 1: it's fine lol eat acha tha lekin waffles special order pe banaya what are you doing ? driving ? it's fine you chill da i'll ttyl
User 2: topped with? nooo i'm at home only
User 1: maple syrup chocolate sauce okay
User 2: why you getting so annoyed morning mai. breathe the fresh air
User 1: idk
User 2: why would you mix the two ew
User 1: cause it tastes good i cannot understand anything i said
User 2: when will you go for a swim
User 1: i'm waiting for vidushi to come out so that i can go and get my costume eleven ish
User 2: funn
User 1: pehle pool then beach !!! idk i'm vv irritated
User 2: thoda enjoy karo. fuck the kids. vacation time before stressy exams and 6th sem don't die plis
User 1: i'm going to go so deep hehe
User 2: me too 
User 1: i knew it  talking about sex immediately aliveates both our spirits
User 2: i knew you were inferring that only
User 1: i have noticed this
User 2: true true naughty kids we are
User 1: but true even otherwise heheheh today i will ask papa to take videos then i can send it to you
User 2: haaa
User 1: and we will have fun
User 2: send
User 1: seeing videos
User 2: and smileeeee
User 1: heheh
User 2: costume hai dikhana
User 1: no i will frown aiyo i brought my sister's old costume it's so loose
User 2: dikhatodo
User 1: arre pink pink hai
User 2: let's hope nothing pops out
User 1: bas nahi kuch nahi hua kal so not today either doesn't seem that loose tbh
User 2: lol
User 2: do you wear anything inside but
User 1: no wtf who does that
User 2: idk
User 1: i'll wear pants at the beach though last time i wore just the costume poora legs mein scratches aa gaya
User 2: from what
User 1: i have to poo and vidushi is inside from the sand na
User 2: bapree
User 1: it's damn rough na haan
User 2: today my school friends and i might meet for secret santa hehe
User 1: aww you keep in touch and all with everyone so nice
User 2: shool friends and very few high school ones baas
User 1: after school i made a decision to keep in touch with only three people
User 2: high school five
User 1: out of which two were in my building
User 2: school seven
User 1: baba
User 1: kitne saare friends hai aapke same thing i think i'll do for college make a list too much energy wastage to meet everyone i don't even care utna
User 2: what same thing
User 1: make a list of who to and who not to keep in touch with
User 2:  bapre
User 1: class toh aise hi cancel ho gaya
User 2: itna stringent mat raho why da
User 1: divya sriya upach aur aap bas cause i told you they're complex you don't pay attention to what i say or what 
User 2: yeah but like once in a while you can text na after college itna strict mat raho loose
User 1: ya if they text i'll reply  i'll miss them for one or two weeks then i'll be like eh who cares
User 2: wah
User 1: i didn't even keep in touch with ira and i spoke to her every single day in school for two years
User 2: you're dark and scary like your mom karlo text phir
User 1: no honey i am an introvert why what will happen i won't go out to meet anyone so then what's the point let her chill if i meet i'll catch up
User 2: toh meet
User 1: lol lol lol no thanks no interest
User 2: it's important to maintain kam wale contacts
User 1: why they're not kaam ka
User 2: like i have friends who have joined their dad's business and have good contacts for so and so so i keep in touch
User 1:  hahaha you do baby
User 2: smart
User 1: good i shall rely on your contacts then itna attached nahin hona jinse hona hai unke liye kuch bhi baaki time pass wohooo partyyyyy who designed the card though
User 2: timepass contacts are very good event planner only dude i cant call any manipal people
User 1: hmm whyy you were going to call na acha they'll get too drunk kya
User 2: my sister have me six people ka restriction i'm calling seven from school only zahra and all also i'm not calling  nono that's fine everyone will be too drunk 
User 1: idm that at all i think you should call ria zahra shivani rishabh
User 2: it's in mumbai da
User 1: who else stays there oh sorry
User 2: jeet arusha
User 1: kaustubh no no need
User 2: hes going to be in manipal full vacation
User 1: oh ok
User 2: plus he's from varanasi
User 1: you're not that close to jeet i think
User 2: arre no i should have called her because i'll probably chill with them next semester in clsss
User 1: you only just started talking to her give it some time before you invite for family functions
User 2: ha but like theek hai it's a cocktail party  there going to be booze flowing
User 1: call only those you're extremely close to
User 2: nothing else
User 1: no no no
User 2: true
User 1: it's a function jen
User 2: where no one will be 30
User 1: it's still a family function trust me i know your family aur kaun hai mayur rujuta jinse you make plans to meet specifically and in small groups call only these people by small i mean three or four not seven
User 2: school people i hope few cancel so i can call mayur and all if they ask why weren't they invited i'll say they don't drink 
User 1: don't call school people i'm saying
User 2: ab toh hogaya plus i chill with school people more than rujuta and all
User 1: that's not how this works acha okay then
User 2: i haven't even met mayur this vacation yet he's busy haaa i know but i have restriction that isn't very flexible
User 1: lol okk
User 2: yesterday jheals friends dance practice was at my place
User 1: karo phir
User 2: and i knew only five of them
User 2: tooooo many people she kmoes
User 1: how many people acha okay okay
User 2: twenty were toh there these are the close ones who will dance for her
User 1: lol aiyo
User 2: then thode dur ke bhi hoge
User 1: colleagues na
User 2: ha chal i'm going to have a bath
User 1: haan then okay
User 2: show your costume ha
User 1: haan pool time for me too
User 2: .
User 1: i brought my sister's na
User 2: dikhao 
User 1: ok
User 2: yay hottie
User 1: mon didn't know how to click the photo seeeee all the funnnnn
User 2:  you look like a sardar kaise bhagke gir gaye hahahaha damn nice
User 1: lol aap sab dekho abhi samandar mein nahake aur bhiiii namkin ho gayi ho beheheheh i feel silly
User 2: dekha vidushi got irritated during monopoly also  and sat on the sea bed like no one's businesses who will call her doctor 
User 1: hahahahah everyone was very irritated during monopoly it was amazing i lost so badly dude mom always plays against me
User 2: how was it amazing if you lost
User 1: idk it really was amazing
User 2: hahaha nice i have dance at 2:30 
User 1: send vudeoooo
User 2: arre i'll learn extra today then send na what you doing
User 1: monopoly
User 2: i learned too many new steps
User 1: don't text for a while sweetie which ones sorry these kids were playing on my phone
User 2: though so wait i'll send the final video in a bit now it can't walk because of your weight
User 1: lol yes i captured the tortoise my weight is very less okay shh epic weekend
User 2: fifty-four
User 1: no shh fifty-three
User 2: baki haiii go check now
User 1: over we're on our way back only one night
User 2: oh wtf in train?
User 1: no car now to the station then train
User 2: how far is it
User 1: one hour our dinner is dominoes hehe
User 2: lol i just passed aliya bhatt hahah
User 1: whennnnn whattt show pictures whattt i also want she's pretty kya in real life
User 2: she was going in her trailer vanity van whatevrr didn't see her
User 1: oh i see
User 2: what i do know is that all her meals are khichadi and whey protein
User 1: i see i'm talking about the face body is toh we've seen anyway
User 2: heheh aashi was so casual she's like haan aliya hai aaj because they have a building studio so stars keep comingn when deepika came she took a pic with everyone also
User 1: you saw deepika mmmm
User 2: no i didnt
User 1: acha wtf i wanna meet why are these people the girl with bhaiya their roka was today kya hai kitna dance babu yaad hua steps ?
User 2: hello wait i'll text in a bit
User 1: okay
User 2:  they keep coming one time dhoni also came what's roka haa we were doing veryyy welo
User 1: waaaah
User 2: but end mai i have to lift her
User 1: it's a party kind to say stop looking for other people to marry
User 2: i'm very uncomfortable in doing that
User 1: and 
User 2: her boobs are in my face she is like just don't drop me i'm like ha dw about that
User 1:  aiyo i'm also getting uncomfortable
User 2: shii  she's cousin
User 1: but i understood the lift
User 2: so dw
User 1: that's easy for you haan when i say you toh don't believe and please don't say this your sister is getting married to her bro  this don't be tough for you
User 2: cousin hai close wali
User 1: aww
User 2: aapne sab karliya aapke cousin ke saath isliyr i worry lol technically cousins and later bonded by blood too
User 1: hawww kiss bhi nahin kiya motu
User 2: it's easy only which cousin are you talking about lol
User 1: the one you're insecure about who's bro is getting married
User 2: kaun hai rr what you saying
User 1: yeh jab aapne bola toh kiske baare mein bola
User 2: i meant mahiman 
User 1: so did i
User 2: which guy were you talking about
User 1: same guy
User 2: kiss toh kiya tha na phir 
User 1: braces ke saath kiss kiss nahin hota jen
User 1: aapko kiya toh pata chala exactly hota kya hai
User 2: sakina had braces in the start lol at you
User 1: lol good for you imagine how bad you would've been without the previous practice
User 2: i chilled with that bodybuilder girl today  trueeeee
User 1: aashi ? she's a builder ?
User 2: nooo she has toh stopped gymming she has become normal ish now
User 1: acha
User 2: between you and tanisha
User 1: hey i'm not fat so rude
User 2: arre that zahras friend so where did i say
User 1: tanishas clothes fit me okay
User 2: i meant gymming chodkar she has become around you she's too anorexic
User 1: haan that is true doesn't look good haan good good
User 2: dude i'm late for aquamansuch an impromptu plan lol
User 1: runnnn i told my mom that in my house there will be no th tv  so she said what will you keep for entertainment i said i will keep air hockey table and pool table is that okay with you ? ya nvm its confirmed
User 2:  ps4 kaha hoga
User 1: haan woh laga denge
User 2: tv needed na loll
User 1: don't try to convince i won't allow ps4 also
User 2: ps4 hope will i use without tv
User 1: idk
User 2: dude these school people are brownies before the movie its too funny rn such a bad movie
User 1: i want also in todays verbal estimate i got three hundred and thirty peaceeee i think one section is significantly tougher than the other so last time ka section and this section ka milake three hundred and twenty-five quant is by far much easier breeze that is verbal i can't send your dance video asap sweetie i love how cute my butt looks nowadays jen i really want you to see my cute bums this video you can see to see my cutesy tootsy ac three tier is a task dude i know it's just overnight and i shouldn't be so hoity toity but i can't jenit pls send sod from my snapchat
User 2: send pic na i toh got tired while going to goa also lol i can't train at all haa hehehe
User 1: dude jen i didn't do for three days it's become a little flatter than before we had fun no problem what are you doing ? only problem to go to the toilet chi dirty i didn't want to go vidushi is like no you have to otherwise if you hold your pee you will fall sick
User 2: aww it's fine da sorry i'm chilling with arsuha and anushka today we ate brownies now movie i think and bowling hehe i know once i had to fucked yeah true kiya?
User 1: ooooooh which funnn your thrills are not cheap haan thrice i went okay bua has come i have to show her jewellery on my insta so don't text
User 2: spiderman
User 1: huh new movie released! ?
User 2: into the multiverse animated movie it is
User 1: achaaa
User 2: it's soo gooddd the 3d effect really makes it so much better
User 1: waaah kitna busy jen jen aap free hoge toh text karna
User 2: battery is low so i can't text
User 1: aiyo okay okay have fun! 
User 2: hekli i'm back
User 1: acha
User 2: sorry i couldn't tect how are you what did you do
User 1: no problem
User 2: .
User 1: gre bua has come so bua bought stratego for ritesh ka hbd gift so i just finished reading instructions i'll teach them how to play i reinstalled pubg we'll play at night ?
User 2: yes baby tell me when you're free
User 1:  hi jen wassup i miss you so much  hi honey where babu missed video call
User 2: aiyo i slept after that at nine only too tired good morning
User 1: aww good morning 
User 2: how are youu i'm sorry i didn't talk yesterday i'll start the two essays writings today
User 1: i'm just missing you so much i understand coochie poochie haan start
User 2: same
User 1: today is my first fully timed paper minus writing i'm so relieved now that i know it's not counted in three hundred and forty fuck it who cares liar liar bum on fire
User 2: exactly that's why i'm doing end mai hat motu so i have come to get a kurta made for myself
User 1: tum baat nahi kiye
User 2: sakinas parents are here  sorry bola toh motu
User 1: why aren't they muslim
User 2: we are in a muslim shop
User 1: you go to a muslim shop ?
User 2: dawood khan 
User 1: acha jinx
User 2: only for kurta hehe
User 1: ohhh aiyo aap kya karoge aaj busy ho ki kya hai kab free ho exact list bhejo i'll cry otherwise
User 2: hahaha i'll get back home in thirty mins i guess then i'll leave house at 7:30 for dance
User 1: you're laughing? katti jen
User 2: then meeting rujuta and all
User 1: acha okkk busy busy busy
User 2: nahi exam kitne baje
User 1: busy busy busy busy busy
User 2: nahi video call at lunch timr
User 1: after four i'm busy
User 2: this?
User 1: post lunch
User 2: gym?
User 1: after four gym and fam dinner
User 2: where you going today for dinner
User 1: club only caus it's 100 veg so gym bhi club dinner bhi club and bua is here so dinner is imp
User 2: important meaning?
User 1: haan everyone is here na one family dinner toh banta hai aap apna kaam karlo i'm going to take a shower and all
User 2: text when back
User 1: you text when back baby
User 2: okayy
User 1: yeh
User 2: was looking for a cab, saw one parked, when i checked to see if the guy will take us i noticed he was busy rolling a j 
User 1: lol mila taxi ? car kahan? why cab ?
User 2: haa
User 1: haan abhi with dad ?
User 2: dad and mom have to go to some place after this i'm going home noooo
User 1: alone you came to the store tab toh for you blast from the past ho gaya
User 2: i came with them now they left kya? no dad had to get trial also that place had only muslim looking kurtas dad got his made before only and he got his today for trial very miya bhai he was looking 
User 1: sakinas parents you saw na lol idk what that is oh aiyo why not uber
User 2: rich but very muslim i booked ola
User 1: ohh no no
User 2: then we just found a normal onr
User 1: don't buy
User 2: so cancelled it's looking nice only.
User 1: who we baby oh
User 2: i'll use mine for one day and then get it to manipal dada and me
User 1: dude my dad toh won't even wear green clothes let alone go into a muslim store ohh dada also shopping wow
User 2: i was very surprised too. i asked my mom why muslim store toh she said they are good for kurtas because these people wear kurtas for everything even he gave one to make today
User 1: aiyo
User 2: my thing had thoda embroidery
User 1: waaah
User 2: lunch khao jaldi
User 1: haan eating
User 2: i'm sitting in kali peeli first time this year i think lol driving practice karo aap
User 1: i'm not a driver no no
User 2: shut up be independent thoda kya driver driver
User 1: why
User 2: apne aap karo
User 1: hi jen where are you sweets
User 2: lunch wait
User 1: yes, the turtle is a super turtle . captions
User 2: sleep now
User 1: wake me at three hundred and thirty-nine what is
User 2: tanvis things that i'm getting next semester lol
User 1: okayyy it's called having fun uff dumb
User 1: aw
User 2: divya got three hundred and seventeen
User 1: who said
User 2: you get a tentative score at the end
User 1: acha
User 2: oe got finalized yours is rehabilitation only i did the manhattan test it was too difficult in the answer key, some questions had the difficulty as "devilish" haha i got one hundred and sixty and one hundred and fifty-four maths was so hard bapre
User 1: wth even divya is saying this
User 2: its tricky
User 1: this is so simple
User 2: what's the answer
User 1: c isn't it ?
User 2: no lol see tricky
User 1: is it d
User 2: b
User 1: why
User 2: you found the mean speed we have to find average
User 1: that's the same thing
User 2: so total distance total time which comes to twenty-five
User 1: wth
User 2: dude i confused in the questions that are like find the percentage decrease or increase. what do we keep as the denominator
User 1: from where you're going that is your denominator
User 2: matlab
User 1: so what is the percentage increase between two thousand and two and two thousand and eight sorry send a sample question i'll explain
User 2: later dance now
User 1: okk priyanka sahoo is in my oe again
User 2:  i'll ttyl i have to record my voice today i shy
User 1:  send audio track
User 2: no it's too embarrassing
User 1: aiyi but i've seen your bum
User 2: i don't like my voice on digital things
User 1: is it more embarrassing than that ? so then when will you call me you'll not call ?
User 2: aww i'll call dq not rn i have to meet rujuta and all mostly won't be able to mrrt
User 1: okkk
User 2: i'll have to bunk dance today shish
User 1: haan no problem
User 2: hello
User 1: hiii i was waiting  and you texted !! yayyyayayayay now we can talk yayy
User 2: yess sorry such a long day i had to bunk dance otherwise i wouldn't be able to meet mayur and all
User 1: aiyo
User 2: so the choreographer taught the part i'm not in
User 1: what if everyone was waiting for you
User 2: no i told her to reschedule she's damn nice so she did
User 1: oh peace
User 2: lol
User 1: yay
User 2: pung khele aap?
User 1: temperature here is dropping like no one's business 12c this weekend it's going to go to 7c choco it's getting boring chodo  i miss you and my boobs can't take the cold dude my nipples hurt cause so much cold ouch
User 2: lolll i feel happy being in mumbai now lol bapre me too hahshhs awww you're sensitive i knoe it's okay
User 1: yaaaa
User 2: two more weeks only it's finr
User 1: they're erect alllllllll the time i'm kind of sad about that
User 2: don't tease aisr
User 1: maybe
User 2: you don't wanna leave?
User 1: was i teasing ? ooops  soooo what are you doingggg
User 2: noob naughty pagal just got back home
User 2: my legs hurt but tomorrow morning jogging
User 1: aww aap sleep ke liye ready ho jao
User 2: i'll sleep in a bit
User 1: but good hurt na oh
User 2: wearing.shorts only
User 1: okayy ac at optimum temperature rajai no makeup hair nvm nvm
User 2: why don't you start ac and keep on twenty-five
User 1: your sleep is so easy cause i have a bad throat and ac will become kharab and mom can't keep fixing
User 2: itni thandi 
User 1: and i know i'll complain in summer that it's too hot
User 2: when it became kharab
User 1: so i might as well enjoy it now it's always kharab only lol my feet are ice
User 2: y'all don't need it
User 1:  summer mein need bombay stays cool like that in summer kolkata becomes vv hot forty and all it's bad
User 2: mumbai too same we made mayur drink beer he turns twenty-one today lol
User 1: what a sweetie yayy 21!!!! kahan summer all the time rain rain 
User 2: no summer hai i'm with jheal she loves big boss bapre
User 1: haan kya
User 2: too much scripted drama
User 1: kya hai big boss like what happens scripted pakka?
User 2: random people live in a house and have to do tasks to earn groceries and people fight yeah man but they say it's reality tv
User 1: why fight they can't coexist?
User 2: every season there are few famous ones drama that's why fight
User 1: why stay money nahi milega ? i should go i'll win big boss and come off
User 2: you'll crumble in the first month i feel
User 1: oh lol ok
User 2: are you going to sleep now
User 1: no are you
User 2: what will you do but
User 1: if you're sleeping then i'll also sleep are you sleeping ?
User 2: ha long day tomorrow i have to go buy blazer and go for one trial also i'll do that
User 1: acha theek hai go to sleep then challo gn bata dena kab you're free i miss you sweetie
User 2: such a nice chotu workout
User 1: okkk good morning
User 2: finally mom is shouting because i'm doing too much yp so many errands 
User 1: lol karna padega abhi toh it's only going to increase pranu is back
User 2: i know i replied to her story where she kept the kolkata geo tag i replied ew 
User 1: you're mad you come here next winter i'll show you what life is supposed to be like
User 2:  ha okay going to zara now be online ha in a while
User 1: haan jen you know i made the group for rehabilitation engg right there are only five people in that idk why
User 2:  lolll
User 2: others will join eventually
User 1: no competition direct a milega
User 2: no one wants to be embarrassed so early
User 1: you shut up
User 2: very bad blazer collection not taking i'll just wear the waistcoat i have i'm buying formal shoes now followed by sunglasses any suggestions? my mom like this one clutch she asked for price i peed my pants 50k  wtf man
User 1: aiyoo where ? in zara ? zara doesn't have itna expensive toh i think she would've seen in jimmy choo or something i love jimmy choo ka clutches but it's unreasonable ya no shit you're going very late everyone would've already bought the good stuff look at the hilfiger collection they always keep classy things that's toh typical
User 2: jimmy choo blazers don't have a season na you deleted this message for glasses? pakka? i got this my mama had a mullet growing up 
User 1: whyy what's that ? haan told you classic good dude was it that purple gradient sparkles one i loveeeeee that piece it's awesome so i was preparing for gre vocabulary right
User 2: it came free with shoes lol google it was golden
User 1: okay
User 2:  i've come for trial i'll send pic
User 1: haan send it's a fish yeh kya hai which colour is this ? you already bought it or what ?
User 2: wine like we wanted a ready made blazer only because i'll wear it for cocktail which is like unofficial otherwise everywhere we are getting it personally stitched so i guess yes, already bought lol my legs have increased in size he said to increase the width yayy
User 1: ohkayy nice looks like brown in the photo
User 2: muscless
User 1: ooooh not chickeny anymore
User 2: muscular chickeny i can't gain weight in manipal i won't fit only otherwise
User 1: aww it's okay tuesday thursday sunday excercise is fixed anyway
User 2: wah good good more cardio is needed but matlab only i do all the work?
User 1: not from what i researched
User 2: beautiful how many did you find
User 1: enough to last a month
User 1: one missionary a week but on different surfaces so it's always different i'm excited but there is a condition
User 2: what
User 1: you have to try your luck with lenses again i think you can look like rafael and that thought is just too sexy
User 2: lol mom said to save the lenses for shaddi time i'll get the lenses eventually i don't like to study or read anything with lenses vacations mai i'll wear
User 1: buyyyy try i said acha okay
User 2: hello i'm with my archnemesis rn he's so bad shi school guy i'm being so nice so it's not awkward yet lol
User 1: saurak ? really m
User 2: why still he be here wtf
User 1: lol how many arch-nemesises (lol) do you have why such animosity i jk jenn what's this guys name
User 2: divit i'm like sheldon i have a list
User 1: hmmm i see cutie so that you don't put me on the list awwwww no jk
User 2:  noob gym over or going?
User 1: over i feel i did too many words today good only if i revise i'll know the meaning
User 2: where did you reach basic three i started too hard barely knew any words kya kiya
User 1: two mins ohhh aiyo i finished common mostly and i started a new book my gre trinity is over barron's essential words for the gre i did one hundred words there and i finished common so three hundred words there four hundred words there
User 2: bapreeeee revise karlo phir accha ho jayega
User 1: haan maybe abhi toh sab hai head mein i did ten mins treadmill
User 2: abs bhiiii
User 1: ten jump squats x4
User 2: wow abs i thought you would do you sent a snap lol
User 1: hehe he said he will give next time
User 2: tomorrow don't bunk busy nahi ho na
User 1: hi jen sorry dad just came
User 2: is okay
User 1: i'll call you in five minutes
User 2: hello okayy
User 1: helllooooo i love you sweetgace face learning those words is such an arduous affair
User 1: i think some of them may even be superfluous
User 2: you are veracious
User 1: thank you there is no way to ameliorate vidushis tv serial choices
User 2: what to do baas no more
User 1: a single episode of an english telenovela is like a compendium of her entire series
User 2: ha theek
User 1: you have to find words that apposite the situation petulant
User 2: arre cutieputie
User 1: insolent boorish
User 2: i love you
User 1: i love you too sweetie  okay you wanna know i know
User 1: but it's a surprise so i'll not tell you
User 2: fine but don't forget ha
User 1: but it's to do with a sofa
User 2: try karege
User 1: and a table
User 2: we'll try our best
User 1: itna probability increase nahi karna preggers ka thoda kam karna padega twice a week
User 2: noo sad fine
User 1: you know what is actually sad preggers test
User 2: then you won't get missionary also true
User 1: okay
User 2: lol
User 1: i'll tell you all the position and we must try roleee play you can be
User 2: tell
User 1: a principal
User 2: why not naughty child
User 1: and i'll be a naughty student you want to be spanked ?
User 2: you'll be spanked
User 1: wheelbarrow with sofa google it
User 2: and what else
User 1: the lotus legs up missionary
User 2: very interesting we've tried
User 1: i knew you would like it
User 2: you don't like it
User 1: arre but we're more pro now okay stay online i have got more i just forgot the names do you mind google links ?
User 2: this toh we do while grinding send lol
User 1: i like how intimate this is
User 2: send links for all
User 1: i wanna try with the thing inside
User 2: the thing okay
User 1: yes https:goo.glimages9zupnf https:goo.glimages8tegru https:www.google.comimgres?imgurlhttps3a2f2fs3.scoopwhoop.com2fanj2fimage2f48c1a2dc-1126-479c-89ad-60995701d246.jpgimgrefurlhttps3a2f2fwww.scoopwhoop.com2fpositions-to-try-on-the-couch2fdocidqyhv0cp7riezcmtbnid00vwg7o69m9dvm3avet1w600h480hlen-insourcesh2fx2fim
User 2: there are eleven here
User 1: is that a problem ?
User 2: nope
User 1: okk i'm jk baby these three are my favourite sorry i had sent it twice
User 2: done and one where we both are standing too
User 1: i also like three and eight in the article no chi
User 2: yes first one or second
User 1: both
User 2: in both three and8
User 1: will it be a problem to get the couch inside the room anyways there are extra know you can just give explaining
User 2: we'll get the chotu one lol
User 1: that it's cause you need more space to sit cause anyway you'll smoke up there yess wait i have more
User 2: send
User 1: is your head still hurting ?
User 2: a bit
User 1: would you like a couple snaps to alleviate the pain
User 2: always
User 1: analgesic okay !
User 2: anal hehe
User 1: you know when i was surfing i found a gay sex position i wanted to try
User 2: lolll
User 1: but with the vajayjay
User 2: show
User 1: it's a doggy style but with my chest on the bed and your chest on my back
User 2: ohh we'll do dw sab kuch
User 1: okay so while i was surfing i also found out that there's an app you can install and it'll just give you a new position to try
User 2: you install
User 1: haha no it's obscene ! i shy okay to those pictures
User 2: tell me the name
User 1: kamasutra sex positions
User 2: so inconspicuous lol thank you i love you so much cutesy chal i'm sleeping head is still aching you still didn't finish awww goodnight baby don't let the bed bugs bite
User 1: wth weirdo
User 2: hehehe
User 1: heheh wow someone's happy happy realllllyyyy
User 2: you always make me happy
User 1: i love you too hon
User 2: even im surprised
User 1: hehe i tryy
User 2: natural ho ap
User 1: then it must be bad go sleep sleep i'll chiiiiillll
User 2: what you do
User 1: actually i was too cold in the washroom how to finish in so cold
User 1: i've come under my rajai did you see how erect did you and they're like that all the time
User 2: itni mehbat for her wow aww haaaa bapre hurtful i understand coldddf
User 1: means ? yess good night babu cutsie
User 2: you went to the bathroom in cold so nice 
User 1: aww is okay baby love you na
User 2: dikshitaaaa big conundrum
User 1: what happened ?
User 2: why you up so early
User 1: vidushis left her phone on in my room and got like four calls all the time nazm nazm nazm uff so i'm awake
User 2: hehe acxha so secret santa
User 1: haha ya
User 2: so basically my school group had people that i was all fine with but then in high school they took commerce and1 guy and one girl got added to that group like i'm chill with those two and like all of us have hung out enough times
User 1: hmm
User 2: but i dont know know them
User 1: lol
User 2: and i got that girls name what to get
User 1: idk get like chips or earrings or something
User 2: .....
User 1: choti
User 2: i'll tell zahra to go get  it's fine gm
User 1: haan gm
User 2: i had speed training today
User 1: aim for today five hundred words
User 2: i ran 3.5km in eighteen mins woohoo nice
User 1: what the hell that's a lot
User 2: even i'll revise my four hundred and fifty words and awa
User 1: oh haan you toh have to write paper
User 2: my min speed on treadmill was ten
User 1: jen pls help after your paper is done
User 2: and went up to fourteen ha baby write when?
User 1: no wait oh ya that's a lot almost double of what divya does so probably triple of what i do 26th honey
User 2: ha i'll help dw how far is the test center from your place
User 1: okay do you want to revise words with me for the next five days ? 1.5 hours i'll make you learn everything i'm a very good teacher  and i have great material
User 2: no
User 1: do you know if divya is going to write again ?
User 2: i like to read words in context
User 1: is she happy with 317?
User 2: no
User 1: acha
User 2: so so
User 1: kaise so so
User 2: i mean she won't write
User 1: it's not that great na acha okay
User 2: three hundred and seventeen is a so so score only na averagish
User 1: haan
User 2: plus she's also planning europe
User 1: aapka kya aim hai ? so ?
User 2: so gre wont be counted anyway
User 1: abbe pagal it's counted
User 2: 38 in maths and 25 in verbal
User 1: acha three hundred and twenty
User 2: if you go to europe then toefl and ielts ish
User 1: and ki or hey bhagwan woh sab bhi likhna padega
User 2: not sure those are damn easy just time consuming
User 1: acha theek hai i'm going to go outside ready and surprise my family 
User 2:  you had a bath?
User 1: no i have to
User 2: i have such a good breakfast today too many thinfs
User 1: i want french fries my bum hurts again
User 2: this auntie had come for some religious thing so we had to make food too many things good
User 1: all the time that sir gives only bum
User 2: no pervert 
User 1: i told him yesterday no no it's good for girlsb if the pelvis isn't strong miscarriage and all can happen i will toh die only if anything might as well
User 1: to give weight loss excercise
User 2: ha
User 1: he's like already you're so thin what weight loss you want to do
User 2: exactly
User 1: so then i told him haan thin but
User 2: tell him fat loss
User 1: abs and arms mein bahut fat hai so he said okay
User 2: is different than weight loss
User 1: my legs are fine dude they never put on fat
User 2: the thing is that you do all body weight type exercises tell him to give you weights
User 1: arre he gives na
User 2: lifting weight decreases far
User 1: arms ke liye always weights
User 2: abs bhi karo
User 1: abs mein kya weights denge woh seated row mein toh mar gaye kal but arms ab stronger ho gaya
User 2: good arre there are few
User 1: ek weight class increase kar sakte hai
User 2: wah good good
User 1: arre but abs are not strong enough for weights 
User 2: do it more often then at the end of every workout go have a bath first
User 1: haan that's what i told him to give ab se everyday abs and arms hoga haan going you're pagal basic is easier than common sab aata tha or wait maybe that's only the 1st deck but if it's this easy throughout then i'll finish basic today itself we are looking at hiring interns through a new initiative tech-set-go which opens possibilities for students who would otherwise miss the chance to present their candidature to microsoft. am sharing the details for your reference and would request you to share this with students who are eligible and interested in interning with microsoft during summer 2019.
User 2: i saw this i can't do
User 1: okay
User 2: prerequisite is that you shouldn't have participated in the intern hiring process in the last one year which i did
User 1: aiyo
User 2: i found basic three hardest
User 1: okay i'm almost there lol i'm just completing basic two
User 2: bapre good good
User 1: easy hai baby
User 2: snow map is available
User 1: yay
User 2: check snapchat da
User 1: absolutely not cocktail party you're supposed to wear a tux you absolutely cannot wear jeans
User 2: no what's wrong with you
User 1: no no no
User 2: you're talking about the after party
User 1: you'll be underdressed
User 2: that will take place in alibaug
User 1: trust me no no no even cocktail party
User 2: otherwise i'm supposed to wear blazer and jeans
User 1: aiyo don't wear jeans trousers wear
User 2: okay nevermind you don't know
User 1: you don't know
User 2: i'm telling you toh jheal only told me
User 1: what is she wearing ? dress na fit and flare
User 2: so she spoke to you jiju only first na don't know nevermind i'm wearing that you stupid only
User 1: you stupid you'll be underdressed
User 2: no da it's fine should i tie?
User 1: no with jeans who wears a tie
User 2: https:goo.glimagesjkrajf
User 1: yeh toh theek lag raha hai
User 2: exactly belt bhi accha pehnuga will look niceee mom is like decide a belt that you want for wedding so you decide
User 1: idk all this aiyo you got for your hbd na jimmy choo
User 2: belt i need for the wedding na
User 1: haan tha na tumhare pass jimmy choo? or was that just a perfume
User 2: perfume and other things. not belt
User 1: oooh aaachaaa missed video call
User 2: acha then i'll just tell to get any
User 1: kahan se decide karna hai what are the options lol
User 2: even i don't know lol. but my parents aren't saying anything related to wedding kharchas so i'll try pushing the limit lolll
User 1: aei more kharcha you do less is left for your wedding for your college fund i'm two hundred words down for the day
User 2: college is sorted only. you don't worry about wedding also lol. i did two hundred too lol now break
User 1: from where did you do babu
User 2: flashcards only i'm doing. i don't want multiple sources
User 1: why that way you can revise all the time top na theek hai jaise bhi you're comfortable as long as you get the crux of the word
User 2: exqctlt i don't want too many things messy i like to keep it simole
User 1: keep it missionary then basic three sabse easy deck hai aapka english weak hai koi baat nahi abhi toh strong hogaya
User 2: mean. fine. you did two hundred extra words today or revise
User 1: extra make that two hundred and fifty just finished basic three basic four time eating decks like i'll eat hill hulk  devour it 
User 2: one day mai itna ksroge to me bhul jaoge
User 1: i opened the advanced deck that's called hard i trust my brain it remembers things i didn't even know i knew i'm good at memory games remember
User 2: sirf mug up karte rehte ho chi
User 1: what will i do with so many words in the future jen pranu has become a party animal lol
User 2: even i knew that she always was one lol why haven't you gone out with her
User 1: because yesterday full day she was unwell tonight i'm going
User 2: the place with the hindi k? loll
User 1: ?
User 2: some club da
User 1: monkey bar
User 2: you add the monkey to their bar hehe
User 1: aiyo i'm going with vedant vatsal
User 2: praniti not coming?
User 1: ya ya
User 2: i forgot
User 1: and vidushi also nana's best friends grand sons they're younger than us one is your age the other one is one year younger
User 2: ooo kids lol jk
User 1: haan
User 2: why is she coming with kids 
User 1: arre she loves those two they're from chennai na so four years she used to chill with them only we're in for an evening of debauchery
User 2: wah who will drive and all
User 1: yo the duvet driver lol
User 2: he will stay there till so late? bapre
User 1: yo
User 2: ghar toh jane do usko
User 1: he just came back from three month vacay paid vacation
User 2: hahaha pura use karo ab toh
User 2: i'm planning to do a paper now lol
User 1: all the best baby coochie poochie pie three hundred bitches
User 2: new or revised
User 1: new  
User 2: wow nice nice take a break now else you'll explode go play pubg i'm starting the paper nowww
User 1: all the best sweetie three hundred and forty hua aur kitna baba sachi i feel like i'll explode implode actually
User 2: i didn't give any test i did separate exercises from mcgraw it's bad don't do bad quality actually
User 1: mcgraw ?
User 2: ha
User 1: okay
User 2: online
User 1: don't waste time baby
User 2: i'll do words now and sleep ha like i solved na so practicing only what you doing
User 1: talking to vedant vatsal vedant only vatsal is a little less loquacious good going to the gym
User 2: kya decide hua finally ooo nice abs don't forget ha
User 1: haa
User 2: .
User 1: haan sorry monkey bar with vatsal vedant and pranu vidushi from nine to twelve
User 2: phirrrrr
User 1: basss
User 1: phir party scenes they're all line maroing pranu 
User 2: make her hook up todayyy
User 1: hahaha with vedant vatsal ? they're four years younger than her i know age is just a number doesn't mean it can be disregarded completely
User 2: you said they are nineteen and twenty
User 1: hahaha yes they are i think wait vatsal is nineteen yes pranu is twenty-one
User 2: accha toh phir find someone there
User 1: acha three years sorry
User 2: two
User 1: arre how many times i have to tell you she's not that kind
User 2: yet
User 1: she is full bollywood romance
User 2: bapre
User 1: there's no need to adulterate her bas she's been through enough
User 2: arre she hasn't done anything since breakup bolo start toh kare
User 1: vidushi is feeling embarrassed to introduce vivek to vedant vatsal
User 2: no shit he's nerdy noob
User 1: she can date but let her find someone nice toh
User 2: she doesn't try also i feel
User 1: haan let's see what the situation is like
User 2: haa go to gym now
User 1: i'm on the treadmill
User 2: and call me before leaving hehe
User 1: did i tell you about the change in my name
User 2: for clubbing
User 1: okay mom's going to do it
User 2: you're not going to be called rajeshwari no
User 1: nooo
User 2: wtf
User 1: avyaya
User 2: huh
User 1: for me and vyapini for vidushi
User 2: wtf is wrong with your mom she gets fits kya
User 1:  nice names na
User 2: no
User 1: i like it
User 2: dikshita forever
User 1: i support this change in name i'm getting it done
User 2: avyaya?
User 1: yo
User 2: no ew
User 1: why
User 2: plis
User 1: it's a hot name
User 2: avya
User 1: i toh love it chi
User 2: is fine phie bhi
User 1: you're obsessed with got
User 2: i'll call you dikshita only why are you texting from treadmill. runnnnn don't walk
User 1: eh sir doesn't allow running bad for the bones
User 2: wah great
User 1: i told him my bone density is less
User 2: moti
User 2: how much should it be
User 1: avyaya say first
User 2: no
User 1: that and all idk
User 2: hehe don't use phone concentrate
User 1: oooh cardio today plus abs losing some major weight
User 2: not while walking your body is not burning enough energy only
User 1: cycling
User 2: that will help with the legs na mostly
User 1: dude i wish i could add you to the group
User 2: which
User 1: vedant vatsal me vidushi pranitis yashna
User 2: why lol
User 1: it's toooooo funny
User 2: why is yashna there yashna should get her name changed. not you
User 1:  arre they're damn close nani's parties nd all
User 2: kya funny hai batao
User 1:  why you no talk jennnssss
User 2: what's this
User 1: those are the rowing competition ka boats and like from the treadmill you can see people rowing in the lake and all competition bhi they have in the club your wankhede is all in one na this is exclusively for rowing
User 2: no lol like there's another club in that line which deal with rowingn why do people even enjoy that sport seems not very skillful
User 1: it's same na so much arm strength needed
User 2: no hasn't true but like skills not needed as such
User 1: aiyo it's a competition adrenaline rush
User 2: not skill da accha i'm sleeping for an hour then i have to go for recording again arghh
User 1: aww sleep sleep i'll call you before i leave three hundred and fifty
User 2: calories? yeh toh nahi hoga lol oops
User 1: words
User 2: oohhh good good do something else now not words
User 1: no five days only for words two thousand, five hundred words i have to master r four hundred two hundred words more to go to complete one thousand for the two days
User 2: wow you really don't know how to prepare in the best way chill karo itna mat karo focus on rc nevermind you won't listen to me anyway eh
User 1: heheh my rc has become very good i make a mistake like one in five and i never make a mistake in the short passages the last thing i want to do is lose marks cause i knew two words and didn't know one in the fill in the blanks cause that's what is happening lately
User 2: i suggest against it but your have a stupid brain of your own what to do you back?
User 1: hehehehe yes yes now i will poop pee shower get readyyy and then parttyyy
User 2: wah
User 1: haaaan
User 2: go get ready tell praniti that what he did was very bad psychology to indirectly guilt trip her kinda thing it's actually disgusting tell her to think thoda
User 1: jennn why do you think i hate that guy don't push her she doesn't listen
User 2: chodo an long relationship na how's it going tipsy girl
User 1: yaaa longer than us i feel a sense of competition i'm a waingwoman
User 2: wing woman? lol but they are over now
User 1: i missed these guys so much
User 2: lol
User 1: no not yet and i would never compete
User 2: bapre right did you leave
User 1: no finding a new place to go
User 2: it's past twelve don't be naught
User 1: shh
User 2: how tipsy
User 1: too tipsy
User 2: don't drink more just dance now okay? ae motu kaha gayi i sad there's a local train concert you can go there where are you da i'm worried thoda
User 1: okay stidpid ya pranu was supposed to go for that she ditched
User 2: with whom but
User 1: other class friends aww dw i'm with vedant vatsal and pranu
User 2: vidushi didn't come?
User 1: came
User 2: when will you go back lol
User 1: call you please stay awake i love you i missed you so much
User 2: cutie
User 1: see
User 2: sojao sawww
User 1: app pls ily bolo nahi toh i will cry
User 2: i love you baby  
User 1: no no no like cute things the pls pls pls i love you too
User 2: sleep now mad girl nights over
User 1: no no no
User 2: yes
User 1: you must say cutie things pls
User 2: i won't reply only now sleep
User 2: cutie pie
User 1: first day
User 2: poochie
User 1: dikshita i am looking forward to living my life with you
User 2: i'm looking forward to living my life with you 
User 1: aur kuch nahi
User 2: dala na end mai
User 1: yeh toh given ho gaya pls pls
User 2: sleep now
User 1: make my day pls
User 2: please
User 1: kuch bhi to make my day easy hai pakka
User 2: beautiful chotu bachi baby
User 1: i'm very easily
User 2: i know
User 1: impression try again pls pls pls for me just one day i'm doing zidd
User 2: i'm not replying
User 1: means it must be important
User 2: goodnight ilovrle you 
User 1: my heart is open
User 2: vidushi also wants to sleep
User 1: it's is need for some vv cheeses pls find me pls i love you say something
User 2: morning mai sab milega
User 1: i want to hear please
User 2: i'll be mad and sad if you stay awake sajao right now
User 1:  aapne nahinnn bola please
User 2: i'm not replying now goodnight 
User 1: gn there are some things you don't have to say always know that i love you and that i'm excited to spend my life with you
User 2: me too babe
User 1: so say it before i do
User 2: such a nice person
User 1: sometimes it means a difference 
User 2: you're drunk  motu call it a night some things are not meant to be said. just felt
User 2:  aww huggy bear kya kar rahe ho see the pictures tomorrow ab sleepy time
User 1: sleeping only haan staying awake as much as possibly it's impossible
User 2: hehe even she's telling you to sleep should have called when you with her. you two drunk are a nice duo
User 1: which her delhi was four degree yesterday kyaaaa i'm scared to speakb
User 2: kya hai yeh
User 1: i think if i speak
User 2: praniti
User 1: i'll find out that i can't speak
User 2: bapre
User 1: haan i will dw
User 2:  good morning .
User 1: gm video hai kal ka
User 2: pata hai
User 1: cough i got proper
User 2: i don't understand what you're saying hahahha
User 1: i'm not saying anything
User 2: too hard in the video lool
User 1: oh i said wahan fatty bao tha na so i said when you go to fatty bao you should order chamomile tea and then when you finish it they replenish it for free basic complete ho gaya sara so 350100
User 2: lol wah i'll do that and awa today
User 1: sabse easy decks hai
User 2: fine gosh
User 1: ya complete basic
User 2: motu
User 1: it's simple awa yes
User 2: what other plans today
User 1: jen i hope you get at least three hundred and twenty
User 2: aww thanks i hope too dude
User 1: yes gym gre
User 2: harshit won two hundred and sixty euros yesterday at the casino lolll
User 1: pranu has lost so much weight wah
User 2: i saw
User 1: holland she introduced herself as single yesterday so maybe there's some home hope
User 2: to whom
User 1: to the boys
User 2: she doesn't know them kya?
User 1: no
User 2: kuch kisi ne try kiya tha kya ohh
User 1: nahi aiyo haan vedant flirt toh hai vatsal is a quiet boy
User 2: he didn't try on praniti.
User 1: arre he flirts with everyone pranu se bahut baat kiya
User 2: aap boldo ki mera toh bf hai accha wala hehe dude my sister started using new thing for her hair which is not even a little oily you will love it my hair looks beaut i'll snapchat
User 1: wah haan bola unko snapchat bhi kiya hai
User 2: hehe
User 1: wohlog bolte hai
User 2: kya
User 1: why do you send us cuddling snaps with your bf i was like i didn't !!!
User 2: you might have forgotten
User 1: i didn't get it probably
User 2: dhobi ghat ka money drkhi
User 1: oooh
User 2: i'm getting scared for gre too many distractions in between shaddi secret santa what not shish
User 1: i'll help you tell how can i secret santa toh aapne bekar ka karke rakha hai ekdum no need jen pls aapka life ka baat hai
User 2: i'll do arre chill karo itna zyada serious nahi hsi
User 1: theek ha
User 2: i'll leave in an hour on that day
User 1: hai itna lightly mat lo yes
User 2: true dw i'll start awa is fine only on the spot we'll see i need one proper practice paper ets ka first verbal is same as the untimed bath  body works opens today @palladium, 21st dec @2 pm. launch offer buy1get1 entire store for first three hours! come experience america's best fragrances! tc lolll
User 1: wah yes
User 2: do you wanttt
User 1: no honey your mom gave me already lol
User 2: but new year's ka gifttt
User 1: no maado
User 2: apparently the line is too long like the had to make a semi circle i'm going to hamleyssse i'll buy her some stupid thing from there
User 1: hahaha aiyo secret santa uff i'm falling sick sneezing coughing my eyes are watering pch how will i write the exam
User 2: cold chill da take sweater and go han to the hall even i'll take lol
User 1: i feel depressed
User 2: dude today the lowest temperature predicted is 24 why babu
User 1: i'm just sad cause it's cold
User 2: enjoy na i never have cold think about ne
User 1: but i'm sad
User 2: okay i'll get a gift for you what christmas thing you want tell
User 1: you in a santa outfit
User 2: thoda rukna padeha phir aiyo
User 1: hehe
User 2: chi you are fat not me 
User 1: with moti petu and red shoes oooh i want a reindeer you have to get go go find something
User 2: okayyy
User 1: hehe
User 2: i'll send pics if i'm confused
User 1: lol lovely one hundred and fifty words
User 2: see snapchat
User 1: saw
User 2: you want wand? or puppy? no reindeer here
User 1: no no okay no problem leave leave i was jk  
User 2: arre puppy was damn nice
User 1: noooo omg elephant ! two hundred words
User 2: good one now gym time
User 1: skip
User 2: fruits khao phir even i didn't exercise today lol
User 1: i ate chips and dip
User 2: i ate pizza  we are bad healthy people lol
User 1: yess
User 2: video call at eight so i got candies as the secret santa gift
User 1: lol good one
User 2: and when i came home i directly went to mom's rook so the box was therr
User 1: hahahahhahabaha
User 2: mom saw it and the marshmallows we're chotu cute one so she ate and then she asked me they were veg na had to say yes
User 1: lol
User 2: but they had egg sad
User 1: good one
User 2: noooo
User 1: ya that's there  i understand i've done it before
User 2: i don't like to corrupt my mom
User 1: adulterate use the word
User 2: i didn't do on purpose that's a bad context baby
User 1: are you feeling guilty?
User 2: adulterate things it's her fault lol
User 1: ya leave it dw
User 2: just sucks thoda kya kar rahe ho
User 1: watching jane the virgin
User 2: how much done
User 1: of?
User 2: your show
User 1: the girl is finally not a virgin and oh their initial sex life is so relatable she can't orgasm he doesn't know what to do 
User 2: internet theek karo
User 1: bye sorry mom is here haan i understood what you said i'll stay up late today and learn all the one thousand, five hundred words left so that i can start papers tomorrow thank you so much jennnnn  you really helped you're the best 
User 2: i'm not giving you advice only
User 1: you only said
User 2: aap overwhelm karoge
User 1: do rc
User 2: i said that you revise all one thousand words you know today. then over the course of the next ten days you learn total five hundred words. since you'll be learning fewer new words everyday you'll get to do rc, and the words you don't know in that you can look up so you are getting both knowledge and practice in lesser time and lesser strain
User 1: today and tomorrow mein i'll finish it na what's the problem then i can revise like you're saying and not waste more time also i'll remember it i know my memory capacity nooo i'm good at working with a syllabus it's really irritating that there's no syllabus her here
User 2: lol mug up kar lete woh bhi do what you think is right but i suggest you follow what i said what are you finally doing but
User 1: i'm going to finish what i started i can't live with knowing i just gave it up
User 2: you're not giving up you'll be allocating your time more efficiently which will lead to a better performance this can jeopardize your performance you know
User 1: encourage always
User 2: i'm realistic and you have time. but you do seem confident about remembering all the words and then doing rc. so do everything tonight. i'll stay awake with you till late cool?
User 1: yayyy thank you sweetieeeeee aww what a cutes my pen is running out of ink ughhh whyyyyy
User 2: aww good work get new pensss you love stationery anyway
User 1: yes two hundred and fifty words
User 2: dikshita so i understood the argumentative but in the issue one do you have to take a side and write about that only or you can write about both the sides? and is it necessary to choose a side
User 1: you can but if you do you can't get more than four explain pls
User 2: so in issue you basically just pick a side and give points on why you selected that side right basically divide the prompt into conclusion, premises and assumptions conclusion is what the prompt is saying premise is the reason behind the conclusion they are explicitly stated in the prompt and assumptions are unstated reasons behind the conclusion. so you take these assumptions (which you can just come up with your own since it won't be written in the prompt at all) and write why are they bad assumptions
User 1: yes thanks for typing so much but i can't understand leave leave let me read it first call me asap
User 2: randi rona chalo i'm sleeping what are you doing
User 1: words did one hundred more so two hundred and fifty hua aaj ka
User 2: wah
User 1: jaldi jaldi i'll finish it tomorrow
User 2: good good now you'll sleep?
User 1: kal anyway i have kaya ka appointment yes now i'll sleep
User 2: hehe nice
User 1: haan
User 2: cutie poochie
User 1: itna nice nahi hai itna thandi mein kaise karaoon
User 2: mere liye toh hai na
User 1: i'm toh feeling scared kyun
User 2: no hairrrrr
User 1: hirate hoon main
User 2: sojao ab
User 1: didn't get it right nvm oooj
User 2: i love you baby
User 1: abhi toh hai
User 2: not for long
User 1: i love you too coochie poochie haan
User 1: kam ho raha hai kya ? patchy toh hua leave leave sleep lovely boy
User 2: slowly goodnight
User 1: :
User 2: gm
User 1: gm jen advanced toh ho nahi raha hai ekdum
User 2: kal raat aur nahi kiya na? my annoying cousin is here
User 1: nahi
User 2: her voice is so irritating
User 1: i'm doing but slow and steady
User 2: now it's fine
User 1: haww you find mine also like that?
User 2: ill send wait nooooo i didn't even say that lol
User 1: okay
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: lol okay
User 2: can you hear
User 1: kind of but she's far away fifty words finished advanced two i'm joining kal ka two hundred and fifty ka fifty to today ka lost so i have one thousand words in three days and one hundred today going slower than expected nevermind aaj i'll finish everything work work work work
User 2: slow and steady and no bunking gym today ha go did you get readyyyy helloooo
User 1: hiiii  kaisa chal raha hai goochi poochi
User 2: vocab i did in the morning now i'll complete the awa part
User 1: jen jen jen what a good boy okay so to whoever i spoke to all said i wish i'd learnt more words again and again
User 2: accha you learn then i can't
User 1: acha okay
User 2: i'll just practice rc from evening
User 1: good good practice gymmm one hundred and fifty words
User 2: when n
User 1: now
User 2: good what will you do today
User 1: all excercise lol
User 2: wah all karo karo
User 1: hehe finished i did seven excercise three sets
User 2: good 3only
User 1: yes and ten reps only different sir today he gave different excercise lunges toh idk why both sirs love lunges
User 2: bootyyyyy
User 1: ten lunges times three
User 2: oohh good good sweat achese hua na
User 1: ya it's winter tho
User 2: what winter i toh don't know loll
User 1:  baby aap bahut cute ho
User 2: i swear if the fan is not on also
User 1: it's off here fan omg fan on kiya toh everyone will get a cold i'm going to come to manipal with a horrible cold and cough btw we're going to have to push s e x to later in the week
User 2: it will go away da you drink tea baas
User 1: when there's no blood and no snot
User 2: exercise also
User 1: what about this
User 2: very disgusting way you're putting it in dekhege
User 1: haha
User 2: aap aa toh jao
User 1: i'm discouraging you
User 2:  motu
User 1: ok jen mera weight increase hua  do you mind motu gf
User 2: nooo
User 1: chubby motu
User 2: idm cutie sab chalega
User 1: hehe cool cool fifty-six dikhaya aaj with shoes chalega ? i was fifty-three when i left
User 2: kitna increase karoge ase aww its fine baby
User 1: idk if it's muscle mass or what oh yaaa
User 2: leg muscles are heavy na
User 1: it's the bootyyyyy oh thank god
User 2: this also don't take itna tension
User 1: haan plus mom puts ghee in everything its tasty poop pooppooo pochkie pachkie pchie two hundred words
User 2: good now have dinner
User 1: yess kya hai ?
User 2: last twelve yesterday of memes
User 1: i wish it never happened the day memes were incubated was the doomsday for humankibd
User 2: what's life them
User 1: suddenly it became okay to execrate people not only okay even funny i'm an antimemeisr antimemeist and now it's history is being celebrates what rubbish chi waste of time
User 2: 9gag is a company that literally survives on memes and it has almost 50m followers
User 1: what a travesty
User 2: so you only tell me
User 1: mad people who think it's okay to demean someone else
User 2: why do you think memes only demean
User 1: cause that's all they do
User 2: memes are famous because they are relatable
User 1: they make you feel bad
User 2: only very few are demeaning
User 1: there's a meme that says why are you looking at memes you should be studying then that one kids adults legends whatever is all about putting down those who choose to do the kids wala thing i've studied it long and hard every meme is a direct insult to someone or the other it just angers me so much and this meme language gosh someone just kill me why is bad english okay ? and then there are memes about grammar so ironical such a waste of time
User 2: relatable this even i don't like that's why famous that's fine. not offending it's funny da which one what about the spongebob memes that became famous this year that relatable to legit everyone in the entire world including you you can't get offended for such choti things
User 1: who is the meme to tell me what i should do in which someone is saying something and immediately is corrected with stuff like you're something important no idea why should i look at relatable shit at all it's my life right i already know it waste of time chi
User 2: no one is telling you to do anything baby it's to know that you're not alone there is an entire group of people who do same stupid stuff as you motu dyde netflix bird box
User 1: what rubbish
User 2: it's so good
User 1: it's a coping mechanism ooooj okay what is it ! post apocalypse
User 2: yes i haven't completed it's a movie only
User 1: okay nice  miss you i couldn't sleep cause i keep coughing
User 2: aww gm
User 2: hi
User 1: helo
User 2: party is from 7:30 till 3
User 1: we're going shopping today obviously that means it's not starting before nine decathlon and quest going to buy indian clothes profusely moscow, st petersburg and the golden ring are calling
User 2: what's that wrong use oooo nice nice buy me something yay
User 1: okay decathlon and quest
User 2: is it a shop or what lol
User 1: it's a sports good shop very very cheap what
User 2: for youuu hehe it's actually damn nice
User 1: is the mall
User 2: hellio
User 1: what baby
User 2: your gifttttt
User 1: omg that's such a big parcel for meeeee yayyyayayayyay heheh
User 2: it's very small inside hahaha sorry to burst your bubble what all did you get
User 1: nothing at all abhi just saw vidushi ka hospital how depressing
User 2: acchese she could have stayed in chennai or mumbai stupid she is
User 1: no i didn't like it she loves it
User 2: she stayed because of mohatashim na i'm gonna for a haircut now so late shish
User 1: an entire day devoted to shopping and i haven't bought a thing am i too choosy or are the circumstances bad partyyy have fun baby i'm going for zero hehe shah rukh khan
User 2: this ew ewwww reviews were so bad and such a bad actor salman this guy and all soo bad shi i'll never
User 1: heheh mom's mad about srk she's saying
User 2: tell to go for the movie?
User 1: just cause srk is going through a bad phase doesn't mean i'll stop going for his film we have to support him it seems
User 2: i don't think we are rich enough to do so
User 2: i love the memes where it says
User 1: by going for him movie
User 2: srk 1992-2018 ew
User 2: i look nice after haircut and threading
User 1: you always look nice baby
User 2: i'm going to bring the rotorua mud to manipal no one uses it at home anymire it does wonders
User 1: okayyy
User 2: you in the movie?
User 1: yes
User 2: hello i'm at the party getting boree apparently parents know i'm going to drink i scared i'm bired
User 1: hisaab se drink
User 2: my favorite cousins aren't here and friends also aren't
User 1: they are not coming kya where is here? missed video call how is it going  drunk yet is it fun yet what's happening need updated
User 2: he'll ki
User 1: heeellloooooo order lime water you need to become sober to go home
User 2: it eitrermgnllyll1 i'll twj3 email now l
User 1: awwwwleeee it's okay mad leave your phone baby it's fine order nimbu pani
User 2: min tuckref bye fucked my cousins are soberr in fifkedy baaee
User 1: hi baby so sorry how was it
User 2: fuck i don't know how i got back jheal will scream today
User 1: why you didn't have less family ke saath who drinks so much all this she will say all the best sweetie
User 2: everyone was too drunk
User 1: arre wah some crazy party jheal drank that much kya i highly doubt you don't drink when you're wearing jewellery rule 1
User 2: aashi was like i'm not going to drink and two hours later she was ordering what not at the bar she did
User 1: hahahahha waaaaahhh
User 2: people were making me chug can't help it
User 1: lol apka hangover kaisa hai arre toh aap toh life of the party ban gaye
User 2: bad
User 1: hahah nimbu pani have
User 2: no
User 1: kya hua baby jheal kya boli
User 2: still sleeping lol i'm sleeping again
User 1: ya haha wah koi uthaya bhi nahi
User 2: mom just left they knew we were gonna come by three
User 1: hahahha aaplog ka parttyyyyy uffo ekdum exciting ban gaya  kuch nahi bolegi mujhe laga khali aap drunk hue haan tab it's fine
User 2: such a nice sratch i got noooo i drank too many new things lol
User 1: sratch? hahaha party toh aisa hi hota hai abhi koi kuch puchega toh bolna you knew na i was going to drink now if everyone held me and literally asked me to chugb i can't really help it my capacity is not of an elephant simply blaming me for no reason what do you expect if you're throwing a cocktail it is obviously going to get out of hand aise bolna bas and you're off the hook but no need to scream aaram se you have to say just put forward your point you are defending yourself so everything she says you have to refute that's it
User 2: these two are my friends since 4th my mains here
User 1: who came then yesterday ?
User 2: matlab? dude the pill worked for jheal she woke up without a hangover
User 1: cocktail mein jisko bulaya?
User 2: school
User 1: ya cause she didn't drink anything dumbi
User 2: i still have a bad one she mixed a lotttt i had the pill very late so didn't work
User 1: but then also she didn't have much
User 2: she did trust me
User 1: arre no man when you're wearing clothes like that you don't drink uff you're mad
User 2: people were making her chug dude i'm telling na
User 1: loll ya but she didn't chug
User 2: i saw her and the number of shots she took in groups bapre
User 1: okay then she ate a good lunch wah okay maybe
User 2: prolly i should have eaten more food i crave dosa
User 1: you should come to chennai or even kolkata
User 2: i'll go outside my lane that dosa wala owns a nice bike and all
User 1: ya the dosa walas the good ones here own bmws
User 2: okay that's extra you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message me and jiju having a moment there's a video also i deleted it didn't want to see
User 1: who's drunk you or your jiju? lol so cute i told you na you look like a waiter helping the drunk guy  aww no baby you're toh ekdum sweetest
User 2: ha fine be mean
User 1: awww
User 2: i just vomited oops
User 1: aiyoooo
User 2: dude i drank so many new thing content i'm
User 1: like what?
User 2: two new vodka and whiskey and rose wine come pubg
User 1: okayy put something else i can play only till two i have to go out at three let's not waste time
User 2: let it get downloaded i have some work for five mins
User 1: okay 70 come haan it's done come asap
User 2: coming
User 1: what ? are we playing or not
User 2: coming comee
User 1: yaaaa
User 2: commeeeee
User 1: cominggg challo i gtg
User 2: haa what work now
User 1: shower hair wash shopping indian wear and jeans
User 2: why so much indian
User 1: cause next semester is going to be hottt
User 2: i can't eat anything only
User 1: vomitting ?
User 2: no i feel uneasy
User 1: aiyo take a nap it'll help sri lanka is sure for me march end
User 2: woowwww njceee how many days kitne tan hojaoge
User 1: hahaha maybe it's a seven days trip and mom is getting a doctor's certificate so i'll be fine in case i miss exams or assignment buying indian wear
User 2: wahh bapre never thought either of us will sit for re sessionals lol nicer send picslol
User 1: not resessional sessional i'm not missing i'm missing the assignment after second sessional maybe no fast fast i have to try cause we're buying copiously okay bye
User 2: dikshita
User 1: jen sup
User 2: rishab wants info about the german course i'll tell him to text you
User 1: okay
User 2: you done with shopping?
User 1: i bought quite a lot of things but ab still left with tights ka business so will do that abhi we stopped for a snack aiyo too many things are you actually sending the complaintt
User 2: what you eat no man i give up i lost i'll just forget it nw forge it now is this fine this is to certify that mr. jenit jain, a student of manipal institute of technology, has successfully completed a summer internship as a backend developer from may two thousand and eighteen - july 2018. jenit mainly worked on developing models for the detection and classification of various crops and diseases by deploying several machine learning algorithms. he was also a part of the development team responsible for the integration of the models with the webpage.
User 1: mushroom risotto yes peaceful
User 2: thank god kaha ho
User 1: mall i've been shopping for five hours my feet are sore and the mall lady is like shops are closing
User 2: already?  dad was asking questions about last night who did you come with what time and all i didn't know anythign i tried my best jheal also couldn't interject 
User 1: lollllll aapko daat pada haan 9:30
User 2: is this fine
User 1: yes it's nice what did you do how come i thought he sent bad review
User 2: it's photoshopped shh
User 1: ooooj nice nice do you want to see my shopping ?
User 2: yesss
User 1: okay i'll show you when i reach home i bought two pairs of jeans white and black then some ten kurtas their respective tights one pair of chappals
User 2: why white da
User 1: looks so good pristine elegant
User 2: hehe send send
User 1: okay hey jen jen i'll show you everything tomorrow and tomorrow can you wake me at eight pls
User 2: haaa why but what you do now
User 1: ritesh is here he's feeling a bit low after his trip so we're watching lion king
User 2:  why man this is nice only
User 1: yupss idk not our trip
User 2: bird box dekhi na
User 1: he went with his school no
User 2: oh arre
User 1: i think you should study go study
User 2: i did all vocab today because of the hangover i couldn't i'm scared ya for the exam
User 1: it's fine just revise everything as much as you can
User 2: yes full day tomorrow call at night
User 1: haan you'll say yay dikshita i'm so excited to write the paper
User 2: why
User 1: so that the more excited you are the more marks you get
User 2: my mood is fucked today i'll tell you at nightb
User 1: okay let me know
User 2: hello free?
User 1: yes text but
User 2: okayy sorry hii
User 1: hi not that free sweets ritesh is here na
User 2: accha so i'll start venting
User 1: haan tell honey long day
User 2: so i woke up with a bad hangover and then wasn't eating food because i felt uneasy so obviously everyone noticed because food i eat properly then i tried vocab and it wasn't happening so i sleot when i woke up my colleague asked me for my email and then sent me that shit certificate and then i confronted the main guy and he was still being a dick and vidit texted that guy and fucked it up even more then i felt very defeated because if i did report him and if he complained to the college, which he would have, there would be an enquiry and then my address would also be under the radar so next semester would be fuckrd maybe even masters ka fuck up so i gave up i feel too defeated so then i reported his company on angelist because i was feeling vengeful and self destructing then regretted it so i emailed angelist to retract my report but still haven't received a reply then i got the photoshop thing done which is fine then rishab se i was talking and he is too obsessed with arusha thing so it irritated me
User 1: aiyo
User 2: so then i told him that i know that he hasn't corrected himself, remember when he spoke for me to somiya, about the comment thing. i told him to tell her i wasn't kidding which he said he did but i know he didn't so i forced him to text her
User 1: you can't expect that baby auto aiyo
User 2: and then she's like don't talk about jenit to me (which i honestly don't care about) so rishab started saying you need to stop making me your middle man my image is getting ruined so i said that it's your fault
User 1: okay
User 2: and you're correcting your mistake so he said yeah fine. whatever then i finished vocab then dinner was bad af
User 1: why
User 2: it was too jain. stuff my dadi eats
User 1: acha okay okay
User 2: i wanted to have dosa but didn't get time only
User 1: what you did after that
User 2: my mood was internally ruined i wanted to talk to you but you were shopping so i just tried procrastinate
User 1: aiyo
User 2: then dad started asking questions that i couldn't answer because blackout the defeated feeling is still there then my school people called so i was like haan i'll go and smoke and forget today so i went and it was actually relaxing then while coming back, my friend fucked up driving she was supposed to wait for vehicles to pass before taking the right turn but instead she speeded to surpass so then two people on the bike fell it was intense actually 20-30 people gathered and all but since she was a girl and there were many guys around here nothing happen happened she fucking didn't even admit her fault or say sorry even once very unlike here that gave me anxiety then after that i just came hime i just want to talk to my favorite girl now tell ritesh to go away if you can na it's fine if he doesnt text is also fine
User 1: lol
User 2: i love you baby
User 1: he slept baby i love you too i just think you're feeling little down but from what you've told me you already solved all your problems i think it's just that you got tired doing it mom also slept here
User 2: i'm still scared about the report i gave
User 1: ritesh her favourite right
User 2: why is he sleeping in your house and like can't you go to the room
User 1: why
User 2: what if i can't retract it
User 1: it's not like he'll do anything na
User 2: that guy will want vengence na
User 1: which room baby no no
User 2: if he gets any problem then he'll do
User 1: he has got bigger problem tbh
User 2: he's a fucking jmmature cuntn where you sleep
User 1: i'm in that room only today extra people are there
User 2: aiyo
User 1: it's christmas eve right
User 2: so
User 1: his parents have gone out i actually like the sleep company mom is also here
User 2: oh
User 1: hehe
User 2: accha it's fine baby
User 1: haan they'll remove the review dw your photoshopped thing is ready next time you have to be supersmart not stupid or whimsical or petty don't let anyone fuck with any educational thing of yours cause that's priority no matter who it is else it will be stupid
User 2: exactly
User 1: yes
User 2: not yet but ha
User 1: koi baat nahi
User 2: that guy gave a fake lettrr
User 1: ek certificate kam kuch nahi hoga
User 2: logo and all is cropped main hai but na it's fine
User 1: no no
User 2: it'll happen.
User 1: gpa main hai doosra internship karna aal aap what's done is done ab you can't go back na vidit isn't sounding smart to me anymore
User 2: he does extra sometimes
User 1: unnecessarily provoking people
User 2: even i got pissed that he texted him what he did today wait i'll show you
User 1: when you want something from someone else
User 2: it was petty
User 1: you can't be like fuck you give it to me he has to stay out of it words are very hardy harsh
User 2: that guy got pissed because intially vidit only irritated him fuck it now
User 1: idk why you'll take it so lightly ya i remember coming to the somiya thing he started his message with an insult this is why i say don't insult this
User 2: tell
User 1: ismeinnn i would've done it differently but aap itna kyun
User 2: matlab
User 1: negative ban rahe ho
User 2: today was just a down fall.
User 1: i never would've posted the comment in the first place ya
User 2: plus i don't like people lying
User 1: i kind of got that okay
User 2: this was just a taunt
User 1: but abbbb
User 2: now it's fine
User 1: ya so was vidits opening message look where that went nothing good ever comes out of it just stay away from it in the future
User 2: somiya doesnt have any power 
User 1: fullstop
User 2: fine haa samjha
User 1: theek hai
User 2: see this is why i wanted to talk to you
User 1: but after you type it
User 2: aur koi accha nahi
User 1: haan pata hai if you do stuff review has to be external as inn after you comment it and her not replying and all makes her come off as the bigger person and since you and i are same and my ego is like twenty times yours this is just not acceptable at all
User 2: for sure but i knew she wasn't gonna reply but ha
User 1: then you shouldn't have typed it
User 2: why can't i be you i'll start yoga from tomorrow again
User 1: aap histrionic ho leave that sit shit thoda kuch karne se pehle think about the consequences not only for you but truly selflessly think about other people also aap rishab ko mediator ki tarah treat nahi kar sakte that is very won't wrong
User 2: i didn't man
User 1: no let me finish he's already gone through it he's helped you through it once he has done his job of being a good friend ab aapka koi right nahi banta ki aap usko apna dirty work karao
User 2: he was rectifying his mistake
User 1: kya mistake and who are you to tell him that he made a mistake
User 2: he was talking for me and saying wrong things talking when i didn't even ask him to
User 1: that makes him a mediator
User 2: not a mediator
User 1: okay okay did you ever think why he did it think about it and tell me
User 2: okay i'm done
User 1: why do you think he did it
User 2: goodnight
User 1: jen i'm just trying to explain to you
User 2: tomorrow will be fresher nope
User 1: i'm not fighting sweetie
User 2: i know da i'm not mad at you
User 1: kya hua
User 2: a person can take only so much in a day so goodnight i'm not listening to anyone anymore
User 1: you think i'm giving you bull shit
User 2: for tonight no whatever you said makes perfect sense
User 1: i'm just trying to help you thods to clear your head
User 2: i know baby and i'm grateful
User 1: aiyo
User 2: but bas
User 1: i'm failing as a friend
User 2: nope
User 1: challo ab kal
User 2: you are the only thing constant and perfect iski baat nahi hogi
User 1: thoda maine socha aapko help karenge
User 2: you helped i just can't sit through anything again today
User 1: conversation chodke mat jao
User 2: i'm saturated i love you baby so much
User 1: i love you too sweet
User 2: but i'm going to sleep it off goodnight
User 1: okay aapka choice 
User 1: okay meme alert
User 2: you hate memes and get offended so
User 1: the memes never have anything that offends me i am an anti memeist cause it promotes offence as a whole sup
User 2: someone slept extra merry christmas ho ho ho
User 1: hahahah good morning
User 2: why did you want to wake up early but
User 1: to help mon with breakfast but then yesterday everyone went party so it was slow
User 2: slow? what time food you sleep at finally
User 1: immediately after talking to you
User 2: aww
User 1: like everyone is sleeping in today so few people came for breakfast
User 2: toh phir there hai
User 1: mom made waffles
User 2: yumm good good
User 1: haan
User 2: have
User 1: savoury waffles i ate
User 2: i don't like
User 1: hahah
User 2: what all she put
User 1: you'll like my mom ka if i tell you you'll not like the sound of it but ok butter honey cheese salt pepper
User 2: you were right lol dude
User 1: ha i have to clean my room tell
User 2: harshit scored a german
User 1: so many clothes we bought na wah v nice
User 2: picsss
User 1: no vidushi is taking some and bua is taking some so i won't be getting all so nvm 
User 2: hahahha why be like i got na you go get yours
User 1: what no no aiyo so many things you still have to learn bombay doesn't teach you generosity or what you have to be avuncular
User 2: arre generosity ke baad if you're sad then it isn't called being generous void hogaya phir lol
User 1: lol no then it's called sacrifice  lene do i'll find something else for me i'll buy that then i'll steal all vidushi ka clothes and take it away lols
User 2: you're stealing her bras anyways lol hopefully haa
User 1: no no she will kill me
User 2: but didn't you like yesterday's clothes
User 1: she wears all the time i did
User 2: she don't need them
User 1: but they need it more than me
User 2: tell her my bf gets proper action so he deserves jt
User 1: bua not so much vidushi needs def
User 2: why vidushi
User 1: so does she lol
User 2: kidhar 
User 1: she has to wear
User 2: what happened with the doc hospital ha
User 1: indian everyday in the hospital new proper stuff
User 2: huh
User 1: hostel but she's going to break up with him idk why she is wasting time or being abused but eh let her do what she wants it's disgusting sex is disgusting ew i don't want to do only anymore continence is key
User 2: wut wut
User 1: chi dirty no sex policy till i'm twenty-five peace ?
User 2: right ... right ....
User 1: i'm not kidding
User 2: okay
User 1: but okay
User 2: chal i'm doing maths ttyl
User 1: lol go go bye yo how's it going
User 2: already finished twenty questions five more to go because this book has the old pattern
User 1: ya get it
User 2: two wrong out of twenty-five one stupid mistake and 1thank god i got wrong because now i know how to do
User 1: good boy do vocab
User 2: haaaa su karech
User 1: vocabulary
User 2: me tio i finished vocab once now sleep
User 1: okk
User 2: then secret santa
User 1: time waste
User 2: then qualitative true i told them one hour max
User 1: okk
User 2: one more person has exam why did you hang up  where are you
User 1: aiyo sorry ritesh hid my phone cause he wanted me to play monodeal home
User 2: what a dumb kid hi i can't sleep
User 1: hiiiii
User 2: too much noise i'll do verbal now
User 1: why noise
User 2: what you do from upstairs ya
User 1: study why
User 2: i think some renovation is going on i saw your face
User 1: o i c
User 2: i happy now
User 1: hehe good i like to make you happy now go to study
User 2: haaaa
User 1: tomorrow you have exam
User 2: i'll text when i leave house
User 1: okk this is so sad
User 2: why not those states? plus how many times will your name come even i want
User 1: lols too funny
User 2: they people are delaying too much ya annoying no one got gift only so they are out rn to buy shi i'll go have dosa hehe and then nachos for dinner
User 1: haaaaan
User 2: yayyy
User 1: okauuu come out with mom dad kaki bua ritesh
User 2: whereee
User 1: puchka
User 2: hehe that famous guy?
User 1: yums yas
User 2: ap bahut busy ho you didn't talk to me only today kal exam ka stress itna build hogaya koi relieve karne ke liye hi nahi shi goodnight now i have to wake up at five
User 1: hi jen all the best for your paper buddy i'm so sorry i couldn't talk today buas purse went missing at around three it had her aadhar card and all so then we had to go for cctv surveillance ka cameras and see ki where it went so abhi for the past two hours toh i was doing that only before that we had gone for puchka sorry after that to get her mind off the entire thing and she's come to buy jewellery so it also had big bucks haan and there ritesh almost got run over by a car cause he was running and crossing the road aiyo it was so scary i saw him running then i saw the car coming and just in the nick of time the driver put the brake and then he quickly came this side and the guy in the car drove away and dad screamed at him i also got scared i was like leave him leave him he's already so much in trauma sorry baby
User 2: where did she forget it stupid kids stupid
User 1: she left it behind the tv like behind i don't even know how aiyo no
User 2: old people okay goodnight baby i was sad you didn't talk
User 1: i'm sad too all the best sweetie do well tomorrow
User 2: toh text karna tha motu
User 1: heheh i was busy darlingggg
User 2: no selfish 
User 1: kya selfish ismein
User 2: no goodnight
User 1: eh good night bye all the besg
User 2: good luck snap
User 1: oho someone getting good luck aaj good luck kiss se kaam chala lo i'm pakka getting fever you should see me coughing i don't have the guts to open my kapda  good luck kiss  happy snap waiting for you i clicked quickly while changing into nightdress hehe
User 2: uske pehle ka snap itna cute tha but aww such a lovely girl
User 1: hejhe all the best cutie pie do very very very very well get full marks lovely sweetieeee have you left?    i was writing an english paper in my dreams essay topic was about superstition too funny too funny apka paper eight o clock ka tha kta
User 2: hello dude the tests are very adaptive veryy first verbal section toh i got fucjed
User 1: how was it kitna omg kitna i'm so excited jenit !!!! how much ya they'll ask you again and again what you don't know
User 2: second was one so easy that i had to double check answers and third was my level one hundred and sixty-eight one hundred and fifty-two
User 1: okay
User 2: maths is way tougher than we think you can send application also to four unis
User 1: yaaaay good good immediately ? i didn't understand
User 2: i sent to maryland berkely ecole poly technique and waterloo yes just sending marks matlab
User 1: acha i see any college ?
User 2: that accept gre
User 1: acha okay and the list will be there ?
User 2: europe mai only germany and france were here all countries and colleges
User 1: kaise okay so four colleges i must shortlist okay
User 2: actually it sucked that divya didn't tell ne shish
User 1: maybe uska nahi tha maybe it's just a survey jaisa
User 2: everyone gets no you're actually sending
User 1: jen ecole polytechnic europe mein hai kya ?
User 2: and if you don't send then it's chargable to send from home france ecole means school in french
User 1: ohh correct ei you checked properly kya sweetie eth zurich nahi tha ? acha maths kyun hard aaya i'm not getting you hard as in ? kya part hard laga?
User 2: told na only two countries from europe questions are twisted i took proper thirty-five mins instead in twenty mins the graph questions are similar
User 1: acha okay
User 2: geometry ones only actually are tricky
User 1: pls if you can send examples of what you found tough like that
User 2: i remember just one sorry babu
User 1: acha bolo acha
User 2: small circle is tangential to the rectangle
User 1: okay
User 2: and has radius two width of the rectangle is half of the length of the rectangle
User 1: okay
User 2: nothing wasn't scale
User 1: four eight
User 2: what's the area of the larger circle
User 1: cannot be determined d noooooo wait
User 2: you had to write value
User 1: 62.8
User 2: like in terms of pi
User 1: 20pi nahi kya ?
User 2: this was at the end so i did jaimatadi
User 1: ya i'm right 100
User 2: ha this only good good
User 1: haan peace
User 2: i was too drained by the time last verbal came sleep properly and go
User 1: haan no problem i've been recovering my sleep for long now peace
User 2: you don't have to tell me baby
User 2: i hope when the actual marks come they increase by one or 2. three hundred and twenty seems bland
User 1: haha three hundred and twenty-two great hoga ivy takes three hundred and twenty-five toh three hundred and twenty mein you will get ecole polytechnic and all peace jen
User 2: all that is fine
User 1: you'll write again ?
User 2: but i'm actually skeptical about us
User 1: kyun
User 2: that's why i won't write
User 1: kya won't write
User 2: they don't give indians work visa only ya my aunt is there is like over a decade and didn't get citizenship also very fucked up let's hope trump goes in two thousand and twenty
User 1: haan jaega new guy with brains inviting immigrants anyways so much space is there what will they do
User 2: inviting toh never.
User 1: with so much space
User 2: lenient at best build houses like cal you want to see mumbai locals in peek time? peak
User 1: aiyo omg why are you traveling by train
User 2: actually nvm it's been worse
User 1: call an uber
User 2: i can't get my car itna far i won't reach for three hours so much traffic
User 1: oh god sucks to be you i dreamt about you last night
User 2: verbal na bapre lol
User 1: kya verbal oh ya i had two dreams i remember both
User 2: twll
User 1: first one mein i was writing english exam i ran out of time i took extra time and i was writing writing but then i had to write very fast
User 1: cause immediately after that the entire school was going to go on a trip and all the buses were waiting for me and i said no i will not go until i finish the paper so then they just waited for me and let me finish it second dream was scandalous we were doing it everywhere well i guess ab kaam chalana padega cause real life mein nahi karenge
User 2: and you didn't wanna do till twenty-five noooo wtf fine. dikshita you should really watch world war two in color on netflix it's so good dude hitler was too good commander wise
User 1: oooh jao karaoo okay i will see it in manipal
User 2: after sex
User 1: no lol you're obsessed jen jen sup
User 2: with you for sjre hello ww2
User 1: i'm watching green lantern i did a verbal part of the paper one hundred and fifty-five
User 2: india was so unaffected lol because it's so far away from japan and german gooddd ew
User 1: uff no
User 2: even ryan reynolds regrets it have you seen deadpool 2?
User 1: it's good i'm going to say yes cause i don't want to see it lol video call in ten?
User 2: pagal accha youtube the post credit scene of deadpool two it's too good best i've seen in any marvel i'm sleepy woke up early at night we'll
User 1: aiyo sleep sleep utho na jennnn bored i am  hehe no jk sleep love you sweetie i'm falling sickkkk throat ache is there head is paining cough sneeze i'm feeling cold cold ughhhs at night i cannot cause ritesh will be there
User 2: hello sorry i just woke up what are you doing where are his parents gosh
User 1: lol nilesh is also coming holidays they stay here okay tailor came for alterations
User 2: over hogaya text me when fre
User 1: kaunsa over hua haan
User 2: accha vacations? bapre
User 1: nahi hai time
User 2: aapke paas pata hai did you tell your mom mera score
User 1: no she didn't ask
User 2: you told my exam was today? 8.73 bataya three hundred and twenty bhi batao
User 1:  bua sitting here i can't
User 2: aww my residual tooth fell lol
User 1: hi baby ya i'm free for a little while wassup missed video call
User 2: dinner hua?
User 1: haan
User 2: kitna jhagda
User 1: sorry dad came
User 2: what is vidushi saying
User 1: wait she's calling
User 2: .
User 1: missed video call wait
User 2: very nice family
User 1: hahaha why i thought you didn't like them
User 2: they can keep up a conversation it's important
User 1: i agree hehe what a sweetie bahut loud conversations hota hsi vociferous achaaaa cocktail ka send a video of what your sister was wearing my sister wants to see dress and set and all pistaa green is yours na
User 2: ha
User 1: haan wow why she wore flats how tall is your sister ? five 7?
User 2: idk but if she wear decent heels then she's taller than jiju loll so not allowed
User 1: lollllll lol sad good you're real tall become 6ft then everyone is happy
User 2: 1cm short chalega
User 1: really just 1cm https:inkmesilly.comproduct-categoryhuawei-nexus-6ppage16 get phone covers only five hundred for three baat toh karlo sweetie
User 2: hello i just woke up no alarms from today
User 1: arre wah aap toh mere baad uthe late late nice kaya for me today
User 2: yayyy go go my jiju is telling my sister to convince me to give it again to increase verbal score
User 1: upper body only cause one o clock i have to get ready for lunch with pranu aacu and all and bikini bottom hehe clean as a wee baby
User 2: i thought y'all were going clubbing at night ooo  naughty i'll go have a bath now bapre so late i feel like scandalous teen
User 1: lol it's normal welcome to normal life
User 2: at my place it's not allowed lol but like rn it's finr because jheal gets vacation for two weeks in december end so rn we both are allowed otherwise someone or the other comes in the room to wake us up dad came in the morning but he just shut the curtains and left lol http:www.msinus.comcontentgre-universities-486
User 1:  wah party only legs and back i left for tomorrow abhi face she's doing then bikini then chuttiiii
User 2: you're going to be so late babe its already one thousand, two hundred and forty-five
User 1: arre why 1:40 i have to leave
User 2: ohh lol where are yalll going
User 1: she changed the reservation to 2:30 peace aaram se i'll get ready now but i'm not allowed to put water papaya
User 2: put perfume and go otherwise you'll stink hehe im looking at colleges jiju is saying people go to europe if you dont get in the us wtf hes like give gre again and try to increase your verbal but na rarely colleges need above one hundred and fifty-five
User 1: i showered only nooo wth
User 2: half the colleges are saying they dont count gre but its just a plus point exactly so many good one in eeurope tooo
User 1: ecole is in europe only ei your jiju is biast
User 2: accha dikshita what is the better degree many places there is master of science and many places there is also master of engineering  not true people who fuck up are trolled like will smith with the youtube rewind video
User 1: hmm okay what does this have this probably
User 2: this only not this who all are at lunchhhh
User 1: lol okay suhani aatreyi pranu and me i'll tell all gossip after the lunch is over jen reply
User 2: tell
User 1: not over yet but wait i will do catharsis
User 2: excited i had practice i forgot i still haven't reached lol
User 1: huh go go fasttt
User 2: five mins more when will you leave
User 1: just paid the bill
User 2: haa
User 1: kahan aap sab changed lol
User 2: what i'm at practice but acting done also i think lol ha done supp
User 1: heheh i went to aacus house to drop her she has a golden retriever i didn't know she had so cute he is 4years old he was humping my leg 
User 2: ew
User 1:  he's big
User 2: like proper humping?
User 1: like he's very very strong ya he wouldn't let go 
User 2:  gossip toh batao aap text kark
User 1: heheh sablog itna change like pranu ka change was okay cause i saw her often so i had time to get used to her change suhani ka no change like that she's still same aacu ka kafee stark difference dikhai de raha hai she's still very nice but like some things is why i feel that children shouldn't go abroad before maybe masters she went in 11th matlab they only party and hook up and hook up as in if i group is there and they're having sheeshah you go and hookup with everyone in the group just to get free sheeshah yeh toh aatreyi ka hai pranu ka theek hai work hard party harder aatreyi ka bahut difference dikha
User 2: everyone ?
User 1: yeah
User 2: only one guy from the group na
User 1: dear learner, no all
User 2: sabke saath thodina
User 1: yaaaaaaaa
User 2: so if five guys are chilling and two of them have girls with them, then she'll go hook up with the other 3?
User 1: i feel i didn't take full advantage noooo all she made out with all of them
User 2: sameeee that's just extra effort give her a for stupidity
User 1: she was vv drunk
User 2: toh theek hai na my friends are happy that such girls exist hahahaha
User 1: okay whatever i found it funny
User 2: aapne kaunsi kaunsi stories batai
User 1: kuch nahi hai mere pass meri life bahut usoolon wali hai kya bataoon main
User 2: normal funny stories
User 1: mujhe 9.46 mila .04 milta toh medal milta ? lolls
User 2: no
User 1: jaise kya ?
User 2: party pooper
User 1: arre i don't get this
User 2: period sex and what not
User 1: i loved it chi i don't feel comfortable talking about it
User 2: motu
User 1: pranu asked my why my skin was so soft hehe
User 2: girls hi toh the gooddd
User 1: then she's like jenit toh chodega hi nahi tumhe
User 2: let her touch you how much ever she wants to  duh
User 1: i was feeling uncomfortable i was like what are you doing lol
User 2:  making out with divya toh you were excited
User 1: i was excited that you were excited  maddo
User 2: ha toh i'm excited for you and pranu also do it
User 1: hehe no i was shy and she's not like that hookups are a complete no no for her that she is very particular about
User 2: with guys i bet she hasn't said anything about girls if you never try you'll never knowwwww
User 1: abbe you're mad you don't say all this in front of her she will majorly judge you
User 2: theek hai i can't tell her you i can
User 1:  no i also can't
User 2: apko thoda open kar raha hu
User 1: cause i know it's foolish chi chi
User 2: dimaag se open pagal aur kuch open nahi karna hai
User 1: hehe i think we're cute i think we can be responsible don't you ?
User 2: we are responsible dw baby
User 1: okay okay i don't know actually
User 2: why what are you exactly thinking tell
User 1: like what if something bad happens the what will we do sab waste ho jayega and it's so easy to go wrong you know as in what if the condom breaks or something similar or we do againb without condom or we do with it and then also and i don't want pills
User 2: i hate that when you have free time you think about all this bullshit. can't you be thankful for everything we have sab time kitna negativr shi go study gre keep your mind occupied otherwise you always keep thinking about some negative thing or other marks nahi ayega yeh nahi hoga pagal jaise shi
User 1: nahi socha maine aapne socha chi
User 2: kab
User 1: dant diya katti
User 2: han toh khali khali negative nahi honeka you are more negative than me
User 1: no i'm sad
User 2: because i'm negative only for the things that are possible
User 1: dant diya 
User 2: toh positive thought rakho phir nahi daatuga
User 1:  maine mummy ko bola aapko three hundred and twenty mila mummy boli ki she likes you kyunki phir maine bola ki aapko bina padhe mila
User 2: i need to keep her more pleased in this relationship than you
User 1: toh she said matlab inherent smartness hai
User 2: motu good it didn't backfire thank god
User 1: aur aapne daata aur baat bhi nahi karte
User 2: sorry da par aap happy little head raho not pessimistic
User 1: aapne daata mein kaise happy
User 2: ab hu na mein
User 1: nahi thi
User 2: coochie
User 1: main pessimistic
User 2: ho aap
User 1: no kab thi
User 2: . after this what are you doing
User 1: studying jao concerned hoon toh bhi nahi bataoongi
User 2: faltu ka concern maat rakho exam is also coming
User 1: no correct aww baby coochie poochie
User 2: my family is addicted to big boss every freaking season even the worker watches every single day
User 1:  too good it's like a tradition
User 2: your place too? come pubg with me
User 1: no our place it's bbt or friends or two and a half men in a while mom has an exhibition tomorrow just helping her arrange ssup aaj ritesh nahi hai aapko baat nahi karna ?
User 2: what exhibition i was playing sorry hiii
User 1: hiii
User 2: such nice pictures awww
User 1: for travelicious
User 2: whose the boy
User 1: nilesh can you guess which one i am
User 2: yeah obviously you still look the sameeee
User 1: hehehe ya even the bad eyebrow hehe
User 2: chalega sab theek hi hai
User 1: hehe
User 2: such a nice smile you had aww
User 1: hehe you can see my rabbit teeth hehe talk to me say hiiii i love you babydollll
User 2: even i was such a rabbit dude thank god braces must retainers started moving shish
User 1: hehe
User 2: tomorrow i'll go for one more trial
User 1: why don't you wear it then
User 2: i'll send picssss uncomfy now
User 1: awewewwwwwww arre it'll get comfortable that's the whole point na sweetie
User 2: arre
User 1: ai
User 2: everyone's home
User 1: potu acha k k
User 2: i'll call in a bit
User 1: haan theek hai  tab tak i gre
User 2: how come no kids at your place what gre
User 1: i don't know i don't care sentence equivalence
User 2: do and text then i'll call
User 1: haan theek che haaaaaan text na then kuch toh bolo sab topics pe baat kar liya kya humne
User 2: arre i thought you were doing gre more shall come
User 1: hehehe
User 2: dude i have seen guardians of the galaxy only once
User 1: vidushi aaaaj bol rahi tho
User 2: watching it again makes so much more sense kyaaa bolo
User 1: correct. haan she said vivek took me to eat maggi then vivek took me for chai vivek took me here vivek took me there i said you know where else he took you ? for granted
User 1: so funny na 
User 2: but still your sister will break up na eventually so like let him have his fun
User 1: haaan him taking full advantage uffo so irritating ughh
User 2: your sister also doesn't like sex kya 
User 1: idk i didn't ask 
User 2: don't sing
User 1: okk sorry
User 2: i'm trying to talk
User 1: i have trimmed you wanna see ?
User 2: i know hehe yesss show me everything
User 1: hehe omg it's legal ya amazing
User 2: dude did you see the lollipops hahaha he's thoroughly enjoying even i want ya what is this
User 1: ya lol i finished so well so wet so easy lol
User 2: hehehe when will your periods start
User 1: 30th  2nd ko nahi hoga  kahan gayee aap
User 2: we'll wait baby dw chalega
User 1: ya huggies
User 2: but bad timing
User 1: for us
User 2: what to do i like hehe
User 1: yes yaaaay
User 2: can ddoess cuddlesss
User 1: and kissies and cuddles yay
User 2: i'm too excited to meet you
User 1: hehe i shy
User 2: hehe true
User 1: but equally excited
User 2: we'll go to places cutie pie awww
User 1: hehe i very very shy
User 2: i'm going to go for midnight munchies and then sleep it's me dw you sleep now
User 1: hehe no i'm still shy
User 1: i did naughty things in the washroom
User 2: i didn't mind at all
User 1: did you like it i twirked aiyo i've become so naughty  hehe i shy  
User 2:  good only haaaa loveee
User 1: hehe
User 2: kaha seekhe
User 1: i've actually become thin kya got the posture right to move my butt
User 2: haaa so much
User 1: have to put one leg up haan kya wow good good then it's easy and i shall be spanked for it hehehehr
User 2: maybe so hot it was i was like wah without asking i'm getting so much
User 1: ya so don't ask
User 2: bahut naughty hogaye
User 1: when i'm in the mood you'll get good stuff
User 2: hehehehe
User 1: de dw
User 2: i shall keep you in good mood so the time
User 1: aise poochte hai toh acha thodi lagta hai chi tum toh sweetie ho toh it works that toh you do anyway babydoll
User 2: i try hehe
User 2: chalo sleep now baby even i sleep i love you cutie pieee goodnight 
User 1: aww baby sleepy good night love you too
User 2: good morning sometimes you just can't sleep
User 1: hmm gm
User 2: i'll get that wine color thing today it's fully ready
User 1: get get awwww what a sweets
User 2: pool party ke liye which color shirt
User 1: aiyo pastel colour lena i guess that's your pool party ka theme i think i'm not remembering
User 2: see the invitation and tell sky blue ?
User 1: resend baby ya something like that green aap already buy kiye
User 2: ha then i'll let this only
User 1: light pink is pastel
User 2: what i bought
User 1: teal is a great colour
User 2: ha i'll ask for this
User 1: see this looks pretty resend the invite i can't find it for some reason arre not this one the other one the one with the dress codes
User 2: even i don't have that it was scrapped i think teal i'll take it's fine
User 1: then we will have matching clothes hehe
User 2: which color
User 1: teal
User 2: i'll get it to manipal teal shades they have here are not nice
User 1: acha abhi ? blue take
User 2: tell some other pastel
User 1: alone you went ? mint periwinkle lavender you already have a green go for a different colour instead of green or blue try lavendar coral lele it's a nice colour
User 2: you're just google ing now mom dad dada
User 1: kind of i'm trying to help you
User 1: arre then ask your mon
User 2: aww
User 1: she's the expert this i knew take this and you're the artist
User 2: ha fine i'll tell here only to decide
User 1: and you're asking me for colours no no no show me also pls i like to see all this
User 2: plain or printed for pool party! ? plain only na
User 1: plain you bought na already why two two same same
User 2: many shirts i'm getting pool party
User 1: acha
User 2: that was for something else
User 1: show the print depends on that
User 2: they were too tawdry i'll send plain ones
User 1: then plaim
User 2: you deleted this message this i decided
User 1: haan nice my bhabhis kids i'm their bua
User 2: huh
User 1: hehe so cute look at the boy his name is aarav
User 2: didn't get the pic
User 1: nice name na why
User 2: it's so common
User 1: oh it didn't get delivered wait wait
User 2: not nice anymore
User 1: but it's nice
User 2: even my mama's kid's name is aarav lol
User 1: oooh
User 2: actually cute kids pretty rare they are
User 1: hehe yes they're white no
User 2: they are good looking kids normally indian kids of their age are pretty ugly veryyy i see you stalking my profiles, i hope you have learned your lesson, i am ready to give you an updated certificate if you write an apology email. this is what the main guy send me
User 1: do it and finish it off please i apologise for causing so much trouble. thanking you jenit gain jain
User 2: i'm planning. should i tell him that i'm sorry for everything i've said about the company only?
User 1: yes no need to tell anything to vidit you just send a short apology and finish it off
User 2: yeah khali khali he'll hype it again
User 1: lovely yay you got a certificate
User 2: wait
User 1: acha can you help me draft mine also
User 2: nothing till i get it
User 1: okk go go try
User 2: internship letter?
User 1: ya i'm not getting the time to do it only
User 2: let me get mine, i'll edit it for you and then send ut
User 1: haan great
User 2: he's like send me text to put i'll send the same thing 
User 1: okk
User 2: vidit is so irritating giving me a hard time for losing maine bhi suna diya
User 1: not at all sometimes it's fine to lose when both ways you're only losing kabhi kabhi you should be switzerland har jan ko batane ki zaroorat nahi hai usne kya chutiyap kiya correctly i used na keepingupwiththelingo
User 2: haaa wah smart
User 1: thanks
User 2: but how is this valid
User 1: idk hehe i didn't think you would catch it
User 2: hehe i see everything you should say don't be mussolini
User 1: hehe okay
User 2: dance practice today i think i'll have to learn one complete dance let's see ripp pani puri dinner hehehhe
User 1: wow everyday some abberant dinner you do daal roti eat
User 2: we never have daal roti dinner ever unless religious day
User 1: haan i'm seeing that your dinner is more like a nadhta nashta that we have at 5:30 type and then our dinner is separate at nine
User 2: nine dinner at my place is toh too late i'm already hungry
User 1: hahah
User 2: you have roti for most dinners?
User 1: all going to vedant vatsal ka ghar to chill
User 2: haha why suddenly
User 1: nahi plan was from day before yesterday
User 2: normally toh ghar see bahar nahi nikalte
User 1: now only i remembered to tell you
User 2: ohh
User 1: correct
User 2: bade log
User 1: i had gone to farmers market mom ka stall tha travelicious ka
User 2: how was itt what did you do there
User 1: goooood they got good response ate
User 2: it was just advertising na but ?
User 1: haan pamphlets and all tha and people were interested kal aur log aenge one more place she is going to do bengal rowing club remember where i sent you the boats ka photo my gym there the crowd is a little more rich so they will get good response from there here toh mom was like kitni thandi hai
User 2: oo haha
User 1: she wasn't being able to work cause of the cold
User 2: it's fine da hogaya accha good only
User 1: haan tomorrow also it's there
User 2: which trips is she advertising for
User 1: belgian waffle and chai break and all was there i ate sri lanka cambodia russia vietnam
User 2: cambodia kab hai
User 1: see ritesh ka picture i forgot
User 2: saw pic nice stall
User 1: haan haa tv tha for displaying the videos
User 2: ill tell my mom to join your moms company hehe
User 1: hahah
User 2: even she likes taking care of kids
User 1: she can make the merchandise
User 2: might as well earn money through it lol
User 1: and organise the food
User 2: why cant she take care of the kids huh
User 1: cause i think she'll be used to organising food na it's not just kids sweetie kids ladies and seniors
User 2: i knowww
User 1: haan that's a platitude
User 2: she'll arrange jain food lol everyone will kill here
User 1: haan vahi chahiye no no
User 2: why jain wth eew
User 1: haan aur nahi toh kya
User 2: why but
User 1: you think old people will eat pyaaz garlic
User 2: yaaa
User 1: kids toh anything
User 2: all her tours are jain kya
User 1: mom arranged shrimp also for one non veg girl
User 2: wah nice my mom wouldn't approve but lol
User 1: no all her tours are vegetarian jain food also she can do if you specify like she did for the seniors
User 2: i hope no one does
User 1: she carried so much tea dude e
User 2: shi
User 1: morning evening night
User 2: tea toh obvious hai
User 1: tea tea
User 2: girnar packets?
User 1: why are you using whatsapp web kya hai laptop mein hmm masala tea haaaaan dabba
User 2: girnar tea is actually nice first year mai even i got i was doing thoda coursera i think ill get one more certificate hehe
User 1: hehe wah gre gre gre i did one hundred questions more today almost two hundred
User 2: aapka toh 325 pakka
User 1: actually bhagwan ki marzi
User 2: wahh
User 1: maine kiya mera kaam
User 2: sab milega
User 1: haaan bas yehi chahiye basss
User 2: if you get ivy league then will you go to eth only?
User 1: if i get eth i will go to eth ivy i will say fuck you bitch watch me goooo byeee heheh that'll be funny
User 2: wth mad kya why eth but
User 1: it's amaze for biomedical and it's albert einstein ka alma mater interesting na biomedical not america you're so sweet
User 2: huh huh hehe thanks haven't played that game is it long
User 1: yes hookah also
User 2: arre wah how come no one is at their place? spray perfume and go back home
User 1: no one separate flat
User 2: arre wah do they know what all goes on lol who all stay
User 1: no just an extra flat no one khali lol no
User 2: wah my practice was supposed to start at nine hundred and thirty still hasn't t bapre
User 1: jen i chugged beer first time and
User 2: tipsy? mere saath toh kuch nahi karte
User 1: hahahah aap meko leke nahi jaate bap i did too much hookah
User 2: i get it at home  mat karo you'll feel weird mixingn
User 1: hehehheeh i don't like alc i did already baby
User 2: how you feeling hahaha
User 1: hehe
User 2: you're feeling this such a cute chotu belt
User 1: kya hai yeh
User 2: belt jheal's
User 1: oooh plain plain hai kate spade ka toh purse lena chahiye hookah is nice that's my new vice i will take you to do hookah hehe
User 2: noo
User 1: why
User 2: i can't breathe after hookah don't like jt
User 1: huh
User 2: start mai i like the flavor
User 1: it's so clean
User 2: but i get overwhelmed it's as bad as cigs fyi
User 1: oops
User 2: make pot then i'll be interested
User 1: no chi
User 2: lol
User 1: hate hate hate kabhi nahi kya pasand hai idk
User 2: you don't know how to channel that high na because you just get weird lol
User 1: no i don't get high only get edibles then something at least
User 2: i toh sometimes study high. the speed at which i read is mind blowing i know you do i can sense it when you talk to me you aren't really sure of what to say next
User 1: dependant ho aap acting
User 2: chup you act?
User 1: idk actually
User 2: you don't loll i know baby i smart you high loll
User 1: lols
User 2: jiju calling my dad dad is pretty weird
User 1: lolsss
User 2: out of nowhere yeh kya baat hui
User 1: suddenly bulaya tell him your dad has only one son you don't get sons you only give away daughters
User 2: no like i'm sure it's going on since a while haina manipal i came and dad got a replacement shish
User 1: shish not done
User 2: haina when did you come back
User 1: i'm not back
User 2: how come you're allowed till so late vidushi is there kya how you feeling loll
User 1: fine yaaaa why not
User 2: past one for just tp is late only na ?
User 1: lol we played stock exchange it's sooooo good i'll definitely order it i'll teach you stock market or like play with vidit cause he knows two hours how much i smoked baba i enjoyed it next time if i wanna party
User 2: aap reply hi nahi karte dont
User 1: i'll definitely go for hookah till it's time to get drunk no just me
User 2: hookah is not nice
User 1: and three more boys haan
User 2: who will drop you back
User 1: once in like four months the driver
User 2: vedant vatsal and?
User 1: some dhruv
User 2: he's still there bapre
User 1: he's still in school
User 2: spoiling kids
User 1: hahaha
User 2: when. will you leave but
User 1: they're already spoilt dude leaving in the car
User 2: lol
User 1: left the pizza going back to get it
User 2: thank good
User 1: haan
User 2: can't waste pizza
User 1: yaa
User 2: kidhar see order kiya
User 1: and we're going to play pubg now ghar se
User 2: who
User 1: homeonline aisa kuch vedant vatsal
User 2: when i tell pubg toh you don't play bap
User 1: hahaha
User 2: katti
User 1: arre i only fight with you when we play pubg
User 2: but at least together
User 1: heheh see
User 2: nahi toh aap mahi ke saath hi khelte ho
User 1: pubg ka nam lete hi aapse toh jhagra hi hota hai i got new players now i'll introduce you the older one is going to sydney so you can tell him about your fergburger
User 2: ya you're not allowed to play with old ones who but
User 1: eh whatever these two boys
User 2: don't whatever me
User 1: hehe as in
User 2: who is sydney
User 1: eh whatever to so what type as in vedant is going to go to sydney
User 2: oh
User 1: i told him you love australia he's like bring him and come for pre wedding honeymoon i said sure then he loves australia so much
User 2: new zealand 
User 1: i'll leave him there with you aiyo the continent na
User 2: no just new zealand australia i barely remember
User 1: acha paas mein hai you can go and come off achaaa
User 2: you play with everyone except me bap
User 1: hahah arre i play with you only some games nahi ? guess which one i wrote i got all votes for it
User 2: last one loll
User 1: hahah how do you know
User 2: who all were playing
User 1: vedant vatsal yashna
User 2: bapre everyone is so obsessed with her boobs
User 1: hahaha they're hugeeeeee
User 2: more than yours also lol
User 1: yaaaaaaaa hugeeeeeeeee
User 2: apka perfect hai
User 1: she must be thirty-six e or something haan size and perkins's
User 2: uska kitna sag hota hoga
User 1: perkiness balanced haan
User 2: beautiful
User 1: gravity is a bitch
User 2: not for you
User 1: especially in winter it's sad you can't see them
User 2: pointy all the time hehe i like
User 1: no no the skin becomes firm so they don't sag much at all like manipal mein jitna uska half sag
User 2: aww then i should go to yashna na kid she is man so many instagram stories i toh get annoyed commerce na
User 1: lol ya i reachex home
User 2: eat pizza
User 1: hehe i froze it for later
User 2: eat frozen pizza damn tasty
User 1: chi no bad cheese
User 2: mad you are reply bhi nahi kiye
User 1: to what baby jo aap bolo
User 2: vacation mai toh bf ko bhul hi jate ho
User 1: haww i went on amazon and saw all the games hehe i'm going to get them all and then i'm going to make you pay play yaaaay
User 2: if you get so many toh i'll play what were you doing till four balpre
User 1: hehe yes i couldn't sleep
User 2: you slept very less now also how come cold kya?
User 1: ya i can't breathe i shouldn't have washed my hair last night dude stupid stupid total this month i would've washed like five times lol winter na
User 2: when did you even have a bath last night hookah told you it's not nice
User 1: no cause my nose is blocked before leaving i had night happens at five here na my dream was damn funny dude too funny you were there and anuvrat was there lol so i'll tell you you were angry with me actually cause lots of people were proposing to me lol
User 1: one small boy from 12th grade proposed with a song and all in a life lift then one big boy actually someone i know he said tumko patane ke liye main mastervhef ban gaya i was like oh and i ran away and then anuvrat toldme what are you doing jenit got angry and went somewhere i was like kahannnn i didn't even do anything he's like basement bar mein gayaa hoga it was a resort actually where all this was happening then i came there and mom dad were there with the kids
User 2: who are these small and big boys
User 1: i was like idk who dude
User 2: .
User 1: arre haan so remember i used to do these dance shows na usmein one randommmmm boy when i was in class three i thought he danced damn well and then he went to some college to study idk where and all bas too funny and then full dream i was like jenit kahan hai jenit kahan hai then i started crying and then also you didn't come
User 2: dream over then?
User 1: haan over sad na tragedy hua dream mein
User 2: it's okay acxha tell me your study plan for the dau
User 1: nahi aae aap i will finish my 5lb practice book do some papers aisa i sat up so then my nose cleared thank god
User 2: haha healthy and ready for paper woohooo i can feel you 325 hahah georgia tech actually we'll go funn you go to harvard hrhe
User 1: hahaha
User 2: my jiju went through the entire cmu campus dude
User 1: jen i'm toh thinking and feeling cold
User 2: he's like it's perfect. wear two jackets and go
User 1: you have to go to carnegie mellon or ecole polytechnic aren't those the best
User 2: ha i'll see da not best but top
User 1: georgia tech is a sasta college
User 2: france wala?
User 1: like easy to get and all
User 1: it's america ka manipal
User 2: it's in the top so finally by me nooo sasta doesn't mattrr
User 1: abroad jaenge toh abraod ka iit jaenge
User 2: best college for mumbai is better than manipal
User 1: ab i'm smart 12th mein i didn't know how to study
User 2: and one year fees is their entire course fee se zyada aww
User 1: arre not like that sasta mat sapne dikhao milega toh firse nahi dena padega
User 2: exactlt dw
User 1: self confidence bana rahega
User 2: cutie pie
User 1: nahi toh i can't give again and again this is vv important for me otherwise i won't get marks ever
User 2: relax
User 1: like what happened in eleven thirteen twelve  challo i'll go shower study etc etc tty at 4ish i have my kaya that time getting good one hour for vocab flashcards tomorrow one paper i will write and awa awa ko importance nahi diya maine it's fine
User 2: mooo
User 1: it's not included anyway
User 2: exactlt
User 1: acha what happened baby
User 2: text beech mai whenever free lunchhhh go have a bath
User 1: haaaaan please note yayy it's valid for us peace thank god getting the rest of my treatment now thanda is it baba
User 2: for full 2019? very cold?
User 1: no four sessions complete yes coursera
User 2: huh what are you saying
User 1: arre they have to use ice
User 2: say properly
User 1: i told you na coursera renewed for us full two thousand and nineteen hair removal treatment four sessions done today two more to go
User 2: what's four sessions and what if someone completes their first course now?
User 1: total six ka paid hai six sessions mein it's mostly done for a particular person if it's not who knows for a particular person if more than six sessions are needed they can pay 2k and get one more session
User 2: what's one session?
User 1: full laser
User 2: oh i thought you were talking about coursera lolll
User 1: ya i got that i had to take coffee in the middle of the appointment cause it's too cold heheh
User 2: you had to make?
User 1: no
User 2: loll traffic police caught me
User 1: whyyy
User 2: because u turn light want green
User 1: okk
User 2: but it was safe to take u turn because zero cars i was like bro wtf i put one hundred rs because i didn't have less than that he left in less than one sec of giving lol
User 1: lol kaun hai yeh
User 2: my maths teacher always some how gets into the coolest events since a very long time he has met actually 20-30 celebs
User 1: huh yeh teacher hai yeh toh friend type lagta hai
User 2: inka shaddi bhi ho gaya he's the only reason i'm so good at maths hehe https:www.facebook.com586154774846294posts1823418734453219 you want to pubg?
User 1: i'm studying i will see this later sorry baby sitting with mon dad
User 2: okay okay let me know if you're free later or studying 
User 1: yes babu
User 2: how's it goingggg
User 1: two sections done two to go i think i'm doing well let's see how close was the original paper to the practice test i did well i think i hope ten mins break
User 2: which practice test are you doing
User 1: one is it easier than two or something
User 2: i haven't done one actually it's a bit harder than two especially maths
User 1: oh i see
User 2: maths none of the ets papers are tough enough
User 1: acha okay ya i think so
User 2: depends on adaptive testing too
User 1: actually they give you stuff you don't know na that's why haan exactly
User 2: cutie pie chalo break over
User 1: haan stay pls sleeping ? so jao baby
User 2: till when
User 1: lovely boy no no sleep sleep abhi mera time lagega
User 2: paper ke bad what?
User 1: practice questions i'll finish that fat book before my paper
User 2: don't be stupid
User 1: from my side 120 effort
User 2: go easy
User 1: i'm already done with half of it
User 2: for over stress two said before
User 1: we go hard or we go home chal okay bye babu love you good night sleep well 
User 2: don't try to complete the book
User 1: we will see
User 2: and let me know the marks
User 1: i will do how much ever i can deff
User 2: i'll be disappointed if you do
User 1: lols kyun kya affect hua
User 2: you know everything. doesn't make sense over straining.
User 1: i didn't know they'll give such a shitty calculator
User 2: your working hard part is over
User 1: it's easier for me to do it manually
User 2: now confidence baas
User 1: mera confidence kab aata hai aapko pata hai ?
User 2: true
User 1: 3-4 revisions bad kya revise karoon syllabus hi nahi hai
User 2: dekhlo phir aap itne obdurate ho to
User 1:  haan just in this matter
User 1: it's a tried and tested foolproof plan
User 2: goodnight chalo 
User 1: chal baby
User 2: no
User 1: ten mins done 
User 1: gggoooooooood god is great i don't think i'll have enough time to do all but i'll definitely do the sections i'm not so confident about rates wala tomorrow weak topics the remaining sentence equivalence and text completion practice sets paper then aaaram se awa and vocab peace full day gn
User 2: wah
User 1: aiyo jen i got such a bad cold i couldn't breathe entire night i dreamt again about you hehe nice it was i got my period also in my dream we went to a aladdin themed hotel hehe and there was a moat type around the entrance not deep just couple of inches the rule was that the guy has to lift the girl and bring her in so that her feet don't get wet and you actually did it! and then inside toh everything was aladin even the waiters were dressed arabic hehe shop and all damn nice
User 2: aiyo nice i just woke up khikhi no verbal today bahut hogaya aap saturday hogaye ho do the maths ones hookah ganda hota hai pagal take steam na from the steamer
User 1: hehe
User 2: kaha hai motu
User 1: pooping i'll drink something hot
User 2: ase very cold?
User 1: i think it's cause of the treatment ya ya very
User 2: aww
User 1: it's gone to 9 what is sun i'm not a winter person what will i do in switzerland jen practice test mein how much did you get like same the tha ki different tell na
User 2: dikshita relax. aapka ganda bhi jayega toh adaptive hai. so let's hope you get only hard questions. and incase you don't get hard questions don't be sad. we've never had a test like this so i can't say for sure kaise marks dete hai so don't be sad if you get easy questions also just focus sleep well be confident and calmn and not stressrd
User 1: answer my question
User 2: i got three hundred and seventeen
User 1: reallllllyyyyyy party party partyyyyyyyyyy
User 2: you need to relax
User 1: party party partyyyyy
User 2: this is what i'm telling you
User 1: d i s c o o o o o
User 2: itna overconfidence
User 1: good no i'll study now even more
User 2: did you give practice test one or two
User 1: tomorrow i will write one so well
User 2: lol i was talking about two i didn't write one
User 1: i will get everything correct acha okay
User 2: good
User 1: i will write two tonight tonight is the night where everything changes like the weather
User 2: i feel what you should do today is revise only vocab as much as possible and practice test two baad
User 1: i agree but i'm not confident with three maths ka questions
User 2: dikshita you need to understand you have done everything. overdoing is also a thing
User 1: probability rates
User 2: so just do this today
User 1: and standard deviations
User 2: yeah all this chotu is fine
User 1: it'll take only one hour nooo i will prepare 300 yess
User 2: but don't do verbal practice
User 1: okay my poop is done huh why
User 2: im telling you you will oversaturate yourself. you know how you're chill and all before exam of easy paper and you'll solve doubts and procrastinate and all do that today do vocab, paper, probability, rates, and standard deviation baas
User 1: yaa bas what else am i doing vocab i will do again tomorrow not today
User 2: itna time kaha hoga
User 1: haan one pm chill
User 2: sccha i have to select belt i'll send pics
User 1: ok the blue ck or the black ck the matt ax
User 2: the plaque belt?
User 1: yaaa damn smart
User 2: chup pagal dudee bandersnatch netflix after your exam have to
User 1: jenit i'm stuck sick 100 cold cough
User 2: you make decisions in the movie and the movie change ms accordingly and has different endings drink soup
User 1: fever cold back hurts head hurts
User 2: and take it very easy today
User 1: how will i write
User 2: only maths that's only today aiyo
User 1: i won't be able to do anything
User 2: so cold no babu relax i told you to take it easy don't over stress now
User 1: i'm doing like five out of twenty-five sums in took medicine
User 2: it's fine babu tell mummy to make masala chai
User 1: i had green tea
User 2: ginger body ke liye wonders karta hai
User 1: and khichdi
User 2: and then take medicine and sleep
User 1: she doesn't give tea to anyone in the house
User 2: exam ke pehle drug chalega
User 1: not allowed hai
User 2: girnar banado
User 1: haan i took cetzine period also came
User 2: sleep for a while na aww
User 1: how much my back is hurting
User 2: bapre it's okay baby just sleep
User 1: acha we have to write ielts also this semester
User 2: dw about tomorrow why this sem
User 1: toh then when abhi aapka gre mind mein hai likhke finish it why to simply leave for later i got diarrhoea also i think if it gets worse how will i come to mpal
User 2: re try matlab? three hundred and twenty is enough for college i want baby
User 1: means ? no no not gre ielts honey yaaa def three hundred and twenty is a great score
User 2: what's this for
User 1: ielts toefl also we have to write na
User 2: yess yess toefl also i know
User 1: like you remember all the preparation
User 2: ha we'll doo dw
User 1: so before it leaks out of your bain
User 2: oh like thay haa
User 1: brain
User 2: true
User 1: we should write it
User 2: long weekend we can go to mangalore and give
User 1: haan fir we will have minimelts and come back home hehe
User 2:  done and then post exam sex hehehe
User 1: haha if i'm not dead
User 2: babu you should rest now. don't be defeated. strategic planning to win the war
User 1: in the next few days
User 2: don't try to win battles
User 1: no i will win everything
User 2: you know who literally tried to do this? i'm not even lying
User 1: hitler
User 2: adolf hitler hehe
User 1: i'm hitler ka remake i was hitler
User 2: maroge
User 1: in my past life sabko maar doongi muslims especially hehehhe
User 2: wah moti
User 1: i'm pooing my back hurts what to do
User 2: not be hitler rest thoda sleep if you can't then talk to me you dad wears thoda baggy pants lol where are they going
User 1: he has patla legs that runs in the family you know pranus nemesis' parents 25th anniversary
User 2:  mere bhi thin legs he sar
User 1: ha i know
User 2: parabola is given a circle intersects the parabola (now shown in the fig) quantity a: number of points at which the circle intersects with the parabola quantity b: two second question two mutually exclusive events, a occurs with prob 0.6 and b with prob 0.8 quantity a: either a occurs or b occurs or both occur quantity b: 0.92
User 1: first one is c right
User 2: parabola?
User 1: ya
User 2: and second?
User 1: also c ? tell huh ?
User 2: dc
User 1: kyun acha haan shit sorry correct but okk got it it can be four also that's why ok ok
User 2: or one
User 1: no lol can't be it's nice bring it okay but that's a tangent point like not intersecting or is it same
User 2: this only this one size small i'll get dad's new one lol
User 1: lol ok
User 2: how you feeling chotu papu
User 1: ok kind of
User 2: thank god good goos have early dinner and sleep by ten difficult for you but karo
User 1: haan i will i ate i'll do the remaining paper now
User 2: kitna kiya?
User 1: jitna hua
User 2: paper ka 
User 1: oh nahi kiya paper 9pm start karoongi
User 2: arre phir sleep? bapree so jana please jaldo
User 1: mon said no so i'm going to sleep tomorrow i'll wake up and do mom is also sleeping here
User 2: no you won't maine bola mom ki baat sun leti hu meri nahi sad what time sleeping
User 1: bas in half an hour or do so  so then i'll do tomorrow morning around eight i'll get up
User 2: what aiyo my friends are like we'll change the plan and then leave early so you can join and all i was like bapre it's fine don't computer compromise so sweet
User 1: what for ?
User 2: nye
User 1: aww
User 2: woke up?
User 1: yes three hundred and twenty-two in my defence there was too much sound and i couldn't concentrate
User 2: pagal dw i told you not to take the test but okay
User 1: you're sweet
User 2: you left na?
User 1: and smart but mom said do no it's close like that 1pm na
User 2: oh
User 1: 11:30 we have to go
User 2: one thousand, two hundred and thirty na apply for cmu mit you deleted this message caltech ucb or ucla or university of texas austin all the best 
User 1: no acha okay i will yayy
User 2: cmu is so good it's there in mean girls also i think some chick flick
User 1: achaa okay i will see
User 2: which ones did you select
User 1: nothing yet
User 2: toh then do what i said only doesn't make sense to me to about that now
User 1: okayy byeeee
User 2: byeeee
User 1: jen
User 2: hello
User 1: i got three hundred and nineteen hehe lol
User 2: aiyo it's fine only congratulations
User 1: thanks i guess
User 2: don't think now party time hai
User 1: lol no
User 2: essay kaise the
User 1: i have fever essay was fun
User 2: what will you do at twelve arre wah essays are never fun 
User 1: ya essays were good i couldn't use too many words but my points are seeing strong
User 2: this is the only thing that matters how are you feeling bapre fever mai three hundred and nineteen too good only you know what's the break u p
User 1: one hundred and sixty-five one more point and i would've been happy
User 2: that's perfect break up mera extreme tha
User 1: abhi na idhar ka na udhar ka jaisa hai
User 2: true true itna mat socho abhi not really acche hi hai .
User 1: i will sleep
User 2: before 12
User 1: i don't know i'm sad but it's fine score changes little kya
User 2: one point possible exactly which unis you applied
User 1: when they give the final score round off type lol why were there six sections
User 2: one is experimental na basically it's just waste uska not considered only
User 1: haaa so useless i got so tired
User 2: i told you na very draining veryyy
User 1: eth zurich
User 2: zurich kaha tha
User 1: georgia tech cmu switzerland mein paglu
User 2: switzerland was there in the list? dafuq i didn't see
User 1: yes lol which college you get
User 2: uth or something is nice in swiss for me eh nvm
User 1: in 319? i want one mark more i will kill everyone uff
User 2: sweety cmu tak it's very possible georgia tech and all toh pakka
User 1: i will write again i want everything like this
User 2: aaramse milega not needed write other two time nahi hai itna
User 1: acha ok ya correct we have to write two more
User 2: when will you reach home
User 1: in five minutes
User 2: aww phir call me whenever you can
User 1: ok ok
User 2: i want to see little sick child's face
User 1: i'm eating chips papa bought
User 2: you deserve them cutie
User 1: mom came to drop dad came to pickup
User 2: everyone knows you so well is dad happy with marks
User 1: yes he said you need this much only
User 2: exactly
User 1: 317- three hundred and twenty-five is considered a good score he saw on the internet so he's happy
User 2: you are sick and you got this much. you give yourself less credit
User 1: yaa he said i'll ask the counselor
User 2: haa
User 1: we're hiring a guy who's damn good with application
User 2: too early i feel
User 1: so he will put mine together no no abhi se start hota hai one year hona chahiye we're a little late
User 2: go to a proper institution na which does this. what some guy lol okay
User 1: this guy is awesome institution does the same thing again and again the guy does it wrll he got dad ka koi friend ka daughter into a college
User 2: accha
User 1: mom toh was damn sure
User 2: which but
User 1: yehi hoga i donno
User 2: what
User 1: jen how you got three hundred and twenty without studying ? i didn't get i toh studied
User 2: you werent in your best form na baby nahi mahi toh three hundred and twenty-five at least
User 1: kya motu you're actually inherently smart i think ya so i should give again
User 2: no i'll explain why you'd rather spend time improving on 80 of your application than improving 20
User 1: i'll not be able to write it again i feel it's too cumbersome irritating what your jiju said for one hundred and fifty-four verbal
User 2: english over. no vocab. i from village
User 1: lol
User 2: i know for a fact it's very good
User 1: i agree abhi i'm not a writer
User 2: hum to chote log
User 1: engineers don't need so much english haan vahi
User 2: hehe pagal drink hot hot tea and sleep then
User 1: i forgot your score tell once one hundred and sixty-eight tha one hundred and fifty-two
User 2: hw yes
User 1: i'll not tell anyone three hundred and nineteen i'll tell three hundred and twenty only irritating one mark always this happens even 12th 94.6 is ninety-five and even abhi 9.46 chi irritating
User 2:  it's fine
User 1: you have to wait for official score
User 2: just tell one hundred and sixty-six and one hundred and fifty-four this also
User 1: cause that will tell the percentile ohhhhh all this numbers don't matter ohhhhh psycb
User 2: what
User 1: arre mom is telling viduahi that i didn't crack the paper so annoying
User 2: aiyo for my three hundred and twenty she said good you're sick it's fine
User 1:  correct
User 2: that's why i'm scared of your mom
User 1: lol wanna call
User 2: sorry dad came
User 1: haan acha i'm ordering my games
User 2: even he started laughing when i said i canned plan to meet jiju
User 1: they'll get delivered to your place
User 2: he thought i was gonna go with him and jheal but not invited rip okayyy which onds
User 1: aww why sit at home go out for dinner with mon dad do you talk to your parents you only fight with them na
User 2: not really not anymore
User 1: aiyo indifference
User 2: no
User 1: from where will the experience come hmm
User 2: it's just that nothing to talk about
User 1: from me
User 2: they need to be updated about everything important and need to be given resoect and need to be proud of their kids i do all hence i'm a good kid
User 1: i toh know you're a good baby
User 2: lol
User 1: acha my games from me dw stock market codenames mikado sucks sticks  monodeal
User 2: is it lifting sticks without moving anything
User 1: mikado sticks yes
User 2: why da
User 1: it's fun
User 2: we have love it
User 1: really i don't have
User 2: payal
User 1: hehe we'll play
User 2: extra ho
User 1: we'll do strip sticks
User 2: yayyyy
User 1: yes okay ordering it should come by 4th you have kya monodeal then i won't buy
User 2: my mom wants to keep it here
User 1: okk
User 2: so might as well get
User 1: then i'll buy ok
User 2: farmhouse arghhg i sad actually it's fine eh what to do
User 1: you didn't want to go
User 2: mast thandi hota only because of three hour car ride i can take the trainnn
User 1: i ordered hehehe you absolutely cannot miss the flight
User 2: and my school people are the most down to earth people. like even manipal ones thoda paisa paisa is there na
User 1: just cause i said don't go loll
User 2: true
User 1: pagal motu
User 2: no lol you don't control moi fu
User 1: bas this is the ultimate truth
User 2: aww
User 1: no i know you
User 2: no it's the three hour car ride baby
User 1: ya that also i know
User 2: mom made kachori first day and last day everytime hehe
User 1: eatt haan enjoy ghar ka comfort also only few hours left for both of us
User 2: i spent so good spending so much money todah last time for a while :'( food i got two bags bharke and mom is like that's all you got
User 1: arre wahhh hhahaha
User 2: lol kitna fat banaoge
User 1: i bought gamessss
User 2: haaa heheh
User 1: gegegegegeg we will play everyday it's very good for cognitive reasoning
User 2: with each other woohoo
User 1: noooo
User 2: acchw
User 1: with the gamesss yes we will become smarter
User 2: we are too smart already i want to get an iq test done ya mast 145
User 1: ya me too one hundred and seventy i got predicted score
User 2: where too high
User 1: lolz i think so too pubg ?
User 2: aao
User 1: nahi sorry i gtg i will send you happy new year snap ?
User 2: movie?
User 1: we can chill at thirteen thirteen
User 2: aww yayyy
User 1: 12
User 2: haa
User 1: i'll also be free and you will also be free haan
User 2: if you're feeling good enough for movie you should go with praniti just not drink
User 1: not in the mood to go tbh
User 2: aiyo
User 1: listen to this song kamariya mitron it's damnnnjn niceee
User 2: link
User 1: youtube baby
User 2: no you send
User 1: https:youtu.bei0m90t04uw
User 2: jiju is home so bored guess whose watching game of thrones woohoooo s01e01 start a new year with an old start very bad manners dikshita praniti tumhare le fight karke pass lai and confirmed your pass without you even paying which happens no where and you're still not going kitna toh milte ho pranu se very bad you should go for a while. don't drink or do anythingn just go
User 1: you're mad jenit i am so angry with you
User 2: why
User 1: congratulations you are starting the new year with a bad start
User 2: arre pranu did so much for you and you're not even going you are starting badlu
User 1: i already told her yesterday not to do i can't help it if she can't take a no plus i told you in confidence
User 2: but she fought and got
User 1: it's not your job to judge my decision i'm not well to go party it's too tiring
User 2: you didn't tell be about the pass and all
User 1: i told you in discretion
User 2: she did
User 1: what did you tell her i don't like to party
User 2: i was like to take you also and go forcefully and then she told me everything
User 1: don't i deserve to spend new year's doing what i like
User 2: you toh don't tell me only
User 1: i hate it
User 2: aww
User 1: do you know the price of the pass 4k
User 2: but best frienddd new years hota hi hai can't help it
User 1: haan for i'm on antibiotics i won't drink i won't do sheeshah i'll go for an hour max and then do what leave the money leave it it's fine 4k but what then i'll go and fall even more sick it was not your job to interfere i'm not going you tell her that if she comes she will fall more sick
User 2: i didn't fine
User 1: okay now undo what you did
User 2: didn't do anything but okay shout more
User 1: so irritating full day i worked slowly slowly telling her i won't come now you've gone and told her to force me mazak hai kya kal i'll meet pagal
User 2: i was supposed to convince you not her chill i told her she's not coming breathe
User 1: bas did you tell her i'm at a movie ? if you haven't then there's no need at all i cannot dress up and go and i can't go without dressing up so bas plus winter and all badmaash ho aap jaldi maan gaye is basr
User 2: no her clothes werent winter at all  i don't how she survives without sweater dude pointy allll the time lolll
User 1: chi dirty all the time only this cause she's american now toooooooo good this movie you have to watch i will go with you it's bollywood at its best
User 2: what's the story i got beer at home hehe
User 1: it's good bas you have to we will go with sriya divya naughty how ? i told mom tiny lie
User 2: what
User 1: to ingratiate you to her
User 2: mom dad slept now
User 1: kind of
User 2: lolll
User 1: waahs
User 2: what lie
User 1: wanna know
User 2: haaa
User 1: so vidushi was saying how vivek was doing nautanki and not buying the movie ticket cause it was six hundred and fifty per person i said you bought two sets of tickets saying that we will go in whichever slot i was free for fantastic beasts and where to find them
User 2: okay you deleted this message lol it's fine i mean technically one ticket could have been wasted if you didn't come so only one ticket ka lie you said
User 1: no no no you didn't understand i told her you bought two timings ka two tickets
User 2: i got it  it's fine
User 1: so that we would go whichever time i was free hehe
User 2: it's fine da paisa dikhana padta hai but if you potray me extra show ofd mom won't like it so easy
User 1: bas
User 2: what did she say
User 1: first time i ever said i'm very conniving shrewd deceitful smart in short she was explaining to vidushi only if you value yourself you will know
User 2: huh mera kya bold bole
User 1: kuch nahi
User 2: probably judged me shit
User 1: no da you will get like this too jaisa type she was smiling da
User 2: what does it mean
User 1: huh after i said the lie she said to vidushi that if only she respects herself she will get a boy like you
User 2: what does it meam
User 1: pagal
User 2: ohhh wah tarif i liks
User 1: haaaaaaaaaaan happppyyyyy newwww yearrrrrrrrrr !!!!! 
User 2: not yet
User 1: happy new yearrrrrr  yayyyy
User 2: to you too honey
User 1: yayyy
User 2: what you do
User 1: star screen awards
User 2: chii bapre play games with your family instead
User 1: hahaha no no dad wants to watch aap call nahi kiye?
User 2: you were watching no
User 1: i'm pooing now hehe
User 2:  happy snap bhi nahi bheja
User 1: aww
User 2: why did you hang up
User 1: i want to text some sexy stuff we should try table on 2nd easier to clean and easier to fuck just put the towel there easier to spank also too hot to handle we can clean up the mess later i'll be too occupied with fucking you to notice the blood
User 2: yes
User 1: i won't look down
User 2: first agleast create the ness
User 1: i hope there's a towel
User 2: yes baby there is
User 1: yes then table it is yayyysyyayayay
User 2: aww cutsy putsy baby girl
User 1: yayyayyayaay happy new year sweetie
User 2: 21st birthday coming woohoo this too 
User 1: yaaa have to do something
User 2: what plans
User 1: hashtag i guess
User 2: aiyo what else can be done true true
User 1: give me ten minutes to finish sweetie
User 2: you said you can't masturbate lol
User 1: i want to finish i think i can without touching
User 2: what's happening
User 1: nothing
User 2: aww just sleep packing tomorrow
User 1: yaaaa so sad i was really turned on okay so we need a minimum of ten minutes of just nipple stimulation then sex is good
User 2: roger
User 1: yo challo gn
User 2: goodnight my love
User 1: lovely love gn hey jen i finished hehe so well hehehe
User 2: only top?
User 1: happy new year for me too yeah
User 2: hehe good naughty
User 1: over all the padding hehehe good one good one
User 2: wahhh
User 1: i'm still thinking what will the best position for tomorrow maybe we should do table some other time
User 2: i'm open to all the options
User 1: of course sweetie
User 2: chal goodnight
User 1: goodnight !! i'll do some research chi this is so ghisa pita everyone has matte def like this is the stable thing like basic not good
User 2: you basic
User 1: flight kab hai ?
User 2: 2pm
User 1: left na?
User 2: i'll reach in five my dada toh asked me at nine if i left too early my family flight we never ever miss lol i'm hereee mom cried today also lol twenty days ke liye pagal she is aww no she's sweet
User 1: hehe you don't even talk to them then also so much love baby boy that's why it's okay i'll take care of you come come
User 2: that's why unconditional love na both sides so while going to the airport, mom calmly asks me, while unpacking your suitcase i had found a match box, do you know anything about it
User 1:  why did you have a matchbox ?
User 2: we don't use matchboxes might have been a trick question
User 1: smart mon
User 2: can't be sure dude she waited till the end of vacation
User 1: have a safe flight sweetie don't text okay mom has the phone don't reply also have a safe flight sweetie you can reply now
User 2: hello new one? from inside the bathroom?
User 1: no yes no for the cupboards
User 2: nice nice
User 1: you have to be more opinionated sure you liked ?
User 2: i don't care about handles you are only going to select all these things badme which flower which napkins and all lol
User 1: no opinion aiyoo
User 2: yasa i have one
User 1: landed ?
User 2: i think you're pretty hehe haaaa in the cab so many manipal people i was too shy to ask for xarpool hehe
User 1: hehe landed ?
User 2: arre pagal hai kya . at mangalore only na i'll reach in fifteen lol
User 1:  how's it ghar kaisa hai tomorrow night i will be there with you my coochie
User 2: hehe i just reached hiii what you do
User 1: i'm going to have my favourite food mushroom quinoa rissotto yummmsssmsmsmms tomorrow will you go to the campus ? see my tt and send na pls
User 2: i don't like quinoa no if i get then i'll send
User 1: omg yummy
User 2: dude i must send you pictures from my friends 31st trip they are so photogenic i feel sad for not going
User 1: which office your sister works in ?
User 2: pwc
User 1: okk wow nice you missed the cold cold raajai and all they needed jennn you slept or what you're drunk kya lols
User 2: hello i'm high hehe i'm eating dinner beautiful sandwich
User 1: eattt cutie
User 2: my head is aching
User 1: missed video call sleeping ? sleepy baby you play pubg but you won't reply ? how was it who and all were there i'm assuming someone was playing from your phone lol kya kiyaaa kuch toh batao hi jen i'm leaving kolkata hehe as in i'm in the car to go to the airport you go shower lots of waiting today late sleeping today sweet sleep sleep
User 2: hello ha sorry i slept after dinner just woke up what a sleep but my back aches dikshita thoda problem happened i asked arav about you staying here he said that they got into trouble during vacation they have the wrong cards and priyanka also stayed over so the manager is already pissed i don't think you can stay over
User 1: okay
User 2: i'm sorry baby
User 1: potu it's fine don't wanna get you into trouble
User 2: i'll try to see how pissed the manager is
User 1: lol okk
User 2: he had the library card also but you come to pragati at least after keeping your bags o must get my cuddles
User 1: no go
User 2: why daaaaa
User 1: means i have to set up my room and all today or tonight also i can do at least come to campus when i reach ?
User 2: what time you reaching
User 1: seven have to buy things also
User 2: ha okay. so at seven i'll come to the campus
User 1: haan okk
User 2: you keep your luggage and come
User 1: we will buy all the things
User 2: then we both go buy things
User 1: haan i will do that
User 2: then you come to pragati
User 1: for divya also i have to only buy haan okk auto
User 2: then we come and cuddle
User 1: aiyo  i left my favourite pen in kolkata it's fine we will buy that also
User 2: aww donr
User 1: haan campus stores na ?
User 2: navami se only we'll buy na. everything you get there
User 1: no books you don't get
User 2: both places we'll go
User 1: haan okkk yayy good today only cuddles you will get
User 2: i want this only you'll be so tired i'll press your legs
User 1: hehe what a sweetie
User 2: where's the halt
User 1: we can play monodeal with your friends mumbai t1
User 2: sab karege  t1 is like a small village
User 1: arre leave i know indigo only na corporate ticket what to do
User 2: dudeee yesterday at the airport j had free time na so i was looking that ties to buy with the wine color suit
User 1: haan found ? kya hai yeh dono acha nahi hai idk anything about ties though eh
User 2: tumhara mu acxha nahi hai haat
User 1: hehe hahah
User 2: motu
User 1: acha acha acha hai i've become
User 2: accha the driver will come to drop you na
User 1: lots of dikshita to cuddle
User 2: khi khi
User 1: no
User 2: airport only then?
User 1: yeah i'm hoping i find two three peeps via bombay so
User 2: accha should i pre book a car for you?
User 1: no i don't have anyone to come with i'll see over there what is to be done fb page kaunsi hai jismein ppl post flight and all ka
User 2: ha if you find someone you can take them also na it's a swift desire
User 1: price?
User 2: student council one thousand, three hundred airport is one thousand, five hundred lol i've traveled with this guy a lot so it's fine and i might have to make you take a small detour to get my bag from udupi
User 1: huh again you left your luggage
User 2: no parents sent the food bag picche se heye
User 1: tell them to bluedarttt to manipal okay book it i'll find someone to bring but then if it's just me then it's one thousand, three hundred for just me
User 2: i saw so many people at the airport dw you will too i was too shy hehe
User 1: ya but then they'll already have booked cabs
User 2: no everyone takes airport inky dw
User 1: okay then book off i'll do some jugaad
User 2: alright arre all these professional ones are too expensive. they take thousands to send. mom was charged 3.5 once this buswala charged two hundred lol
User 1: acha okk
User 2: wait i'll ask them to deliver to manipal i feel too rich when the term just starts hehe
User 1: acha jen my flight got delayed
User 2: loll
User 1: i'll be in mpal by eight
User 2: we'll buy fast then see what happens
User 1: what ?
User 2: if we can cuddle or not and if the day guard is not there then directly come here
User 1: no you tell me now what the plan is
User 2: i really can't dude
User 1: from where do i have to take your bag
User 2: this forget for now
User 1: then leave it i'll come over some other time aiyo
User 2: noo
User 1: then you collect it now na haan to stay over some other time i'll come def to meet you dw no sexual
User 2: no
User 1: sexuals
User 2: when you are in the cab from mangalore i'll tell you the plan
User 1: ehhh
User 2: till that time relax
User 1: okay
User 2: compromise karna padta hai moti
User 1: you booked it ?
User 2: what time will you land in mangalore
User 1: 6:30
User 2: okay i'll book now
User 1: i'll find two three idiots to come with me
User 2: hehe booked
User 1: acha cools thanks sweetheart send address from where to collect pls sarthak is coming with me found a bakra i'll have to drop him at pragati only lol so i'll have to come there first
User 2: perfect oh dude he can take the car in perfect let's hope it works out
User 1: haan okk flight flying it's hot kya in manipal? if i can get in pls keep ac on 18c
User 2: not really ofcourse mlady your wish is my command
User 1: lolll jennn i got my tt
User 2: hello
User 1: tuesday friday full days
User 2: send
User 1: you send yours
User 2: didn't get ya
User 1: i'll make printout for you also sec a
User 2: obviously last sem was too good how's mumbai hehe
User 1: bekar
User 2: same time table woohoo
User 1: yayyy d1 you are?
User 2: yess
User 1: party
User 2: aao toh where you i got the suitcase ha
User 1: which suitcase baby i'm in mumbai i met friends rishabh and sarthak do you want anything from mumbai airport?
User 2: parcel from udupi what can you get hmmm get theobroma if you want
User 1: nahi hai yahan theobroma
User 2: oh t1 what is there
User 1: nothing ccd and books and all
User 2: cc'd se get the pastry na not chocolate fantasy the truffle one
User 1: nahi hai left the airport
User 2: and went where
User 1: bus to the plane saturday we're going for simmba
User 2: oh
User 1: ya
User 2: no
User 1: yes bas final decision
User 2: you fly na
User 1: you have to come you come for simmba divya will also be there fasttt my plane is going to fly jen jen jen office firse ? blue mein banaoon? green ki green yellow apna pes and oe batao landed got the car leaving the airport sarthak will not get off at pp so i will go to the block only i'll keep my things and come you come to pick me ?
User 2: when you tell me i'll come to pick you up then
User 1: okay reaching in ten
User 2: i come to kc in 10? i left ha
User 1: aiyoooi wait i'm coming there come in the car ! throw your phone anyway you don't use you and i have same eefm teacher
User 2: perfect so you make notes for that subject yayy
User 1: lol okk
User 2: you met everyone?
User 1: sriya i met divya isn't here yet
User 2: aiyo itna late when will she cone
User 1: idk
User 2: you sleep where are you
User 1: hi honey things to buy: for you ? list banaya? water bottles i'm doing a liquid diet eyeconic eyes
User 2: not now i have ordered lunch uske bad
User 1: aiyo
User 2: where are you
User 1: you're eating ?
User 2: hasn't come yet
User 1: i'm in navmi
User 2: oh i'm coming
User 1: come na ten minutes lagega haan come jen how much did i spend at navmi two thousand, one hundred na
User 2: yess bring up the part where nethraas said i would have done the same thing as agrim just subtly
User 1: okk no i'm toh not even going to discuss my feels just generally that she completely mixed what you said and what i said my problem was still the betrayal part anddd that wait
User 2: see if you aren't going to clear your side out properly then you're just being a dick so you either go and sort properly. or you text her saying that you appreciate the offer. there's no enmity between us but i don't wanna sort it out something along those lines if you do half half things now and if theres problem in the future then everyone will blame usyou then we'll be bad guys
User 1: let me reach the block
User 2: so think properly
User 1: this will never happen when i'm talking
User 2: you see then
User 1: you chill
User 2: don't make me say told you so
User 1: okk
User 2: harshit did it with a hooker lolll
User 1: he reached ?
User 2: just now
User 1: okk missed video call what's your oe sweetie also please tell me your pe2 is ai and your pe3 is ml right ?
User 2: yes
User 1: oe?
User 2: linear algebra
User 1: cool does harshit want ?
User 2: yes but later he'll know the back subjects so spoke to nethraa?
User 1: no they've gone out instructions to print :
User 2: yes ma'am
User 1: i spoke it's all fine now for me you don't bother
User 2: what all you spoke about and how is it gonna be now lol
User 1: idk let's see dude i had a dream usmein you had sex with bombay wali riya like just you too and i was trying to not be pissed about it but we were still dating what a weird dream good morning toh boldo baby
User 2: good morning papu lab just do over strict teacher but she's smart so it's good lolll aww thanks  what you dooo
User 1: ohhhhh you had labbbb i forgot good good i'm gng for a shower i put oil on my hair last night
User 2: how's the experience
User 1: i hope it comes off
User 2: also i got four i aws
User 1: lol oh waaaaah aap toh bahut smart ho
User 2: it's fine only
User 1: haan it's good printout nikala? abhi kara lo
User 2: going to do that only baby
User 1: apna wala shop se haan
User 2: go have a bath
User 1: shower time for dicks diks lol okay bye
User 2: hehehhe byeee
User 1: today juice pls cafeteria
User 2: yess
User 1: my hair looks good i think where are you ?
User 2: home only what time is your lecture at
User 1: two what about you ?
User 2: ha same just ordered lunch
User 1: haan
User 2: rajma chawal at home
User 1: cook nahi aaya
User 2: chi
User 1: time table kaisa lag raha hai ? print nahi kiya toh wait i've to make some changes
User 2: i printed the rows are narrow
User 1: yaa that's what i wanted to change get it reprinted i'll send the changed things to you
User 2: so it's smaller than last sem moti
User 1: mail kar diya maine kara lena print
User 2: ha
User 1: haan
User 2: what time do your classes get done by
User 1: no class only ma'am didn't come i'm going back to the block so class over for me aapka kya plan rahega aap batana
User 2: loo i'll go home
User 1: haan you're in class ?
User 2: study for a bit and then party mostly yess
User 1: okk enjoy baby lemme know if the games come i'll come and collect it today itself say hi to your frnds then go i really want my games okk
User 2: lolll ha baby if they come i'll text asap
User 1: i feel my kurta got totally wasted
User 2: going home now
User 1: only one class such a pretty kurta
User 2: true
User 1: okk
User 2: wear it in some full day very nice
User 1: haan
User 2: earrinhs too
User 1: that's what i'll do haan correct i'm feeling a bit sleepy actually so i will go to sleep you keep the games if they come i'll collect it some other time or something
User 2: utkar start finding something to study don't waste time aise
User 1: jen i finalised sri lanka do you wanna come ? 30th march to 6th april
User 2: hello nooo mad kya already i'm bunking ten days not possible only kya kar rahe ho
User 1: acha ookkk i'd gone for dinner to fc2 with everyone dhruv sanjit sriya sahil and all divya
User 2: how was it
User 1: nethraa saurak parth agrim it was fine i spoke to ppl and all chantal parth has sanskrit he simply joined my group for the lolz
User 2: who all shi don't get used to all of them only the good ones
User 1: nahi it was fine like that aap busy the i was thinking to go do hookah suddenly i remembered today we'll go na tomorrow ?
User 2: sddict shi dont no we aren't going very bad
User 1: how can someone get addicted in one time arre bas aise hi
User 2: you're stupid that's how it starts
User 1: haan aapko toh pata hai
User 2: ae motu i won't get condom
User 1: why
User 2: hehe
User 1: you don't want to do naughty? what happened jen
User 2: want to
User 1: you got scared kya don't worry baby
User 2: no da chill
User 1: it doesn't look like that normally you didn't like to do naughty with me anymore?
User 2: i do like it tomorrow pagal
User 1: huh you're lying to me liar liar
User 2: why you be rude
User 1: i'm bad at sex or what you don't like to do me anymore fine you get it then
User 2: kitne hurt ksrte ho meko shi
User 1: haw kya hurt kiya motu
User 2: by saying
User 1: ijk you know that get the condoms we'll try the table stuff tomorrow
User 2: interesting doneee
User 1: yes
User 2: i'm just going to sleep lol
User 1: aiyo don't bunk classes get up good morning
User 2: good morning oops hello
User 1: quickly get ready gm
User 2: left left dikshitaaa i forgot to tell you only
User 1: what tell tell
User 2: we have this beans candy thing at home it's like that harry potter wali candy which had all random flavors and all same color candy can be either good or bad
User 1: omg so cool i want hi jen my games will come today yayyayayay codenames and stock exchange
User 2: okay i'll be ready mlady
User 1: i'll come by three
User 2: done with class or no okay
User 1: yes i'm pooping
User 2: your new roommate came?
User 1: by three not at three ya she's put her stuff and all
User 2: okay
User 1: she didn't change the desk position or the bed guess she's okay with it i'll get her to play codenames with us at night let's see what she is so i met saurak yesterday na he's like she's into experimenting with roommates
User 2:  what does that mean
User 1: you knowwww
User 2: make out?
User 1: and all that stuff like allll the stuff
User 2: loll
User 1: hehe
User 2: threesome woohoo
User 1: you'll get to watch maximum arre i had an idea you want to do threesome na we'll go to amsterdam and pay a hooker hogaya threesome
User 2: but with a college person too it will be fun omg i'm excited
User 1: ya it will but no one will agree i'll come now kya you bought or not condoms
User 2: i'll order them from adarsh only
User 1: thin i want
User 2: your new roommate let's see what she does with you
User 1: if she agrees then greatttttttt you're okay with it kya lol
User 2: with you idm hehehehe
User 1: huh you're okay with me kissing her when you're not there ?
User 2: no like i want to see also na lol
User 1: hahah yaa
User 2: plus why will you want to kiss her if i'm not there
User 1: ya exactly what if she wants to kiss me haa you don't think that can happen i'll tell her
User 2: it can
User 1: you can do it in front of my bf
User 2: haaa
User 1: then he won't feel insecure
User 2: ha
User 1: i'll stay with her full sem kya 
User 2: why not
User 1: maybe i can convince her lols let's see how the next fifteen days go
User 2: i'm so horny hehe
User 1: don't masturbate don't
User 2: won't lol
User 1: i will come by two
User 2: okay hehe
User 1: you order the condoms
User 2: yes
User 1: let me take out my sex bras when you come to sign me in get your card i'm leaving abhi i'll walk to give my cycle for repair then i'll come to you okay ?
User 2: okayy
User 1: i will need your help with the cycle it's become kharav
User 2: do one thing dont come only
User 1: don't be meannnn to me
User 2: have fun bye don't text me
User 1: you're being mean to me cause you're angry at other people for being mean to me it's not making sense to me at all i was there for onlyy half an hour i said hi took brownie and came back neverrrr sleep when you're fighting it's very bad
User 2: ye wasn't it fifteen mins befote i'm not sleeping
User 1: what ? okk i'm at dinner don't sleep
User 2: you said you were there only for fifteen mins now you're saying half an hour i know how much time because i was waiting only
User 1: how much time i don't know i left when i thought it won't be rude but why you being mean
User 2: fine
User 1: you can explain pyaar se also so rude jen
User 2: because you're not supposed to go to such places where you've been mistreated so much
User 1: hug also you didn't do arre i went so little time i ate brownie said hi came back
User 2: okay
User 1: now also you're prevaricating
User 2: okay
User 1: hi jen you shouldn't sleep on a fight baby i worry then
User 2: k i'm going to do facial today with the mud do you want to join
User 1: yes what time sweetie
User 2: 3ish
User 1: movie at 1:15 so after that ?
User 2: who are you going with
User 1: divya idk if my roomie is coming you should come and talk to her dude she's nice like that aajao aap bhi pls
User 2: you get to know her first
User 1: plsplsplspslplspls
User 2: i don't want to simmba
User 1: pleeeeeeeeeeaaaasssseeeeeee i will entertain you
User 2: plus punishment for yesterday
User 1: pakka promise
User 2: no
User 1: we will make fun of everything
User 2: no
User 1: we will have fuuuuunnn jenit plssssss i love you na cutie bootie
User 2: i arranged my laptop and so today now i will study
User 1: plaaaaaaaa
User 2: and do tp
User 1: please we will enjoyyyyyy
User 2: no no no.
User 1: come naaaaa ple ase
User 2: you have fun
User 1: how will i without you
User 2: don't irritate now
User 1:  
User 2: go have something for breakfast
User 1:  plssss
User 2: no
User 1: only divya and me aajao chodo divya doesn't want you to come
User 2: cool what you doing
User 1: getting ready to eat food then movie at 1:15 aajao na mazaa aega kitna i'm saying then also you're doing like this
User 2: you and divya enjoy
User 1: arre come naaaaaa
User 2: i really don't want to see it
User 1: and i really want you to see it
User 2: it's okay i'll be waiting for you to come back
User 1: aiyo you ask everyone today for codenames lol we played till two last night you know so good it was
User 2: it was good actually i'll asl
User 1: okk it's amazing this movie you're pagal
User 2: how many times will you see it mad
User 1: it's that good too entertaining see it when it comes online
User 2: nooo when will you be done by
User 1: one hour more  miss you
User 2: come where are you
User 1: not over yet last scene hehe
User 2: okk
User 1: getting eyebrows and coming
User 2: okk
User 1: hi jen jen get card and come down pls
User 2: how was your dsyyy
User 1: awesome hehe all days should be like this so peaceful let's go out na thursday just us two hehe drink lab or we'll call divvss
User 2: okay done
User 1:  can you give me a wake up call at 10:30 am i feel i won't get up
User 2: you're awake na you replied on instagram so
User 1: haan babu i showered and pooped for forty minutes you shower also are you shaving ?
User 2: should i? idk i'm not applying mud now so might not i have only two lectures lol
User 1: not necessary you look nice both ways cutie shave once a week that's enough for you i think when to when
User 2: one to three what about you?
User 1: one to 4:30
User 2: after that come
User 1: i can't find my babylips i'm too sad i can't find even one red orange everything 
User 2: where have they gone lol dabeli guy is there ha go have
User 1: idk i think it got lost
User 2: did you dabeliii
User 1: yesssss
User 2: how happy do you feelll kiske saath hi
User 1: alone no i can't find my lipbalm
User 2: ehyyy
User 1: my look is incomplete
User 2: it's okay baby get new i saw anjali lol
User 1: no i wanted old :(
User 2: relax i'll get new one if you want dw be happy plus today you'll apply face mud sara course hogaa clear
User 1:  i'm very sad babylips you remember mera red wala orange wala pink wala peach wala kuch nahi mila eefm i have
User 2: till 5:30?
User 1: noo over
User 2: come
User 1: i'm pooping babu
User 2: do that here
User 1: i'm doing it how will i pause and replay my poop jen pls jen you have to take the hard copy from me sweetie don't forget okay
User 2: you took naa?
User 1: you have to bring the receipt to the workshop yes i have it
User 2: thankyouuuu have funj
User 1: hi jen i'm back aiyo my phone has started giving me dhoka it didn't open for two hours 40 se it went to zero immediately hi jen pls bring my codenames to class tomorrow i have my elective free so i'll play hehe pls bring naa
User 2: aiyo you'll break it how was treat
User 1: hiiii good i had fun we were cracking pjd pjs break what ?
User 2: not on purpose everyone is lame fold cards or something
User 1: no no i'll keep it better than i keep my life i'm falling in love with my hair it's too awesome nazar na lag jae i think gym is helping
User 2: it's the oilll
User 1: my face looks thinner yes it is 100
User 2: lol jokes
User 1: tomorrow gym kya jokes chup acha okay why you awake so late your mom sent me a friend request on fb but i didn't have fb on my phone today i went online so then i accepted
User 2: wokr up to drink water slept damn early bapre
User 1: haan ok na ? acha okay sleep sleep gn i have 8am aiyo
User 2: same what were you even doing
User 1: i was chatting with the girls till two upachs sister is getting married this may to an anglo indian christian damn cool so we spoke then bitched about nethraa and stuff like that then i popped pooped then i was looking at lip lab stuff
User 2: british indian christian?
User 1: no idk what it is
User 2: ooh more makeup hehe
User 1: but he's a christian damn interesting i do need a hot pink my pink is damn flourescent
User 2: get get
User 1: anyways dark colours won't suit
User 2: why not try at least or nvm you know better chal goodnight papu
User 1:  gn baby
User 1: lip lab stuff is 5k for one lipstick 
User 2: oohh
User 1: heh e she likes my pic
User 2: bapre i told you shouldn't have added
User 1: lols
User 2: where is you repllyyyy accha chalo i'm leaving
User 1: aiyo you were waiting?? i thought you had only till 11:30 ? you said na ?
User 2: no i toh had four lecture's what were you doing da
User 1: i walked back with class peeps
User 2: motu phone toh check accha lunch is not made at home do you want to meet early i'll have some food
User 1:  haan sure
User 2: when where
User 1: i'm coming home na today so what happened? we can just chill then itna dhoop mein kyun ?
User 2: i want to eat lunch that's whh we'll go to cafeteria
User 1: haan i'm very excited to start coursera hehe no sexuals for you today
User 2: i'll read game of thrones
User 1: haan okk
User 2: prolific say day
User 1: i'll do my course okay what time ? 1:30 cafeteria m
User 2: okay done
User 1: hi jen i already got done so you text me when you get done loves
User 2: they aren't leaving only ya
User 1: okk i'm going for hi tea you give me a call
User 2: you didn't call are you fine
User 1: jen i'm fine my reval is not happening
User 2: lol thank god why
User 1: idk
User 2: wtf
User 1: check na on your lap one hundred and sixty million, nine hundred and six thousand, three hundred and twenty-four
User 2: won't make a difference
User 1: dikshita@1 pls check acha check if you're being able to send your paper for reval drama you did na ? divya is also not being able to do something gadbad
User 2: what
User 1: hi bb qt pi
User 2: i love youuu
User 1: i love you too sweetie my love for you grows daily  my roommate is drunk
User 2: hehe make out sesh
User 1:  talk to me
User 2: i'm watching bbt with bois
User 1: acha ok ok watch baby
User 2: what's
User 1: cutie pi drunk girls drunk things drunk hostel days
User 2: who all
User 1: just anjali and shristhi now shristhi left anjali is here
User 2: make outtt
User 1: shut uppp aap kisiko batana mat mein badmaash hu yeh humara secret hai pinky promise
User 2: haaannn
User 2: sleep early
User 1: babukoochi i miss you i can't sleep without you i sad
User 2: awww me too you deleted this message you deleted this message dw
User 2: sleeepppp
User 1: . who to huggy who to buggy
User 2: anjaliii
User 1: no i had fun today i want to stay 
User 2: fuvking pragati people
User 1: hmm so cool nd sorry honey woh accidentally call hus and mere phone mein call cut nahi hota
User 2: lolll noobb what's this
User 1: it's a really cool chat chart  which classifies all emotion as a mixture of two or more of the eight fundamental ones
User 2: don't understand
User 1: read it jen http:21facts.netinteresting-facts-about-ariesamp
User 2: wake up baby
User 1: https:youtu.be2xkt9m5nqnc https:youtu.beqqolsoqkcxe ha
User 2: i like this fat guy hehe hes funny ill see accha today evening gym ha
User 1: aiyo today i'm washing my hair i plan my gym time according to my hair wash schedule poora ulta don't do i'll tell you gym dates vahi rahega sunday tuesday saturday it's too less kya i might have to include one more day without hair wash okkkk ummm friday tuesday friday saturday sunday today is wednesday today is not a gym day
User 2: i will doooooo nooooo thats why i spent my morning working and not running i fat again
User 1: cause you lazy baby aww my body hurts so much when will i become thin
User 2: you already are cutie pie wah congratulations i can't make it to the first lecture i have to poop a lot
User 1: no go for it no
User 2: i'm still popping
User 1: nooo pause
User 2: too late 2pm lecture
User 1: aiyo waste
User 2: true i'll leave now only for two
User 1: hmm run aapna aieste ka kiya?
User 2: ha i left early ha reply hi nahi karte
User 1: hi i was cracking pjs
User 2: i have mtech people in my oe competition rippp
User 1: what is red but smells like blue paint ? omg all the best sweetie
User 2: vagina
User 1: no ew red paint missed video call
User 2: hello
User 1: hi cutes
User 2: what you do
User 1: talk to divs
User 2: tomorrow drink labs
User 1: haan okk yo jen tomorrow froth on top with divvs
User 2: why there i don't wanna alcohol ask her this
User 1: okk missed video call she said no just us two idm either way just wanted to spend time hehe
User 2: i asked her if she'll come if we go to froth on the top let's see gm first lecture wasn't there
User 1: okk
User 2: thank god you didn't come i'm locked out lol
User 1: awww where is harshit?
User 2: arav is in class harshit isn't asnwering vidit is sleeping
User 1: aiyooo go upstairs oh god
User 2: five hundred and four also no one is answering
User 1: five hundred and five go sarthak is there
User 2: his door is also open
User 1: haan go there ring the bell
User 2: i would have gone but he was alone manu isn't there or sleeping so nvm
User 1: arre so go introduce yourself and tell problem
User 2: i shy jeet came so
User 1: acha okk good then heat mein itna go sit in ac why don't you have a key ?
User 2: finally
User 1: lovely hehe i love you sweetie
User 2: original jokes toh banao
User 1: hehe kala kala joke ?
User 2: joke not a comprehension
User 1: aww
User 2: i leave?
User 1: you're ready ?
User 2: yes
User 1: wait till 7:45 sweetie i thought you will do late again
User 2: moti when should i leave
User 1: seven hundred and forty-five
User 2: i pick you'll up from kc?
User 1: no
User 2: hello
User 1: hi sweetie whatsup darling coochicoopie
User 2: listen movie tomorrow uri?
User 1: sure book it who else ? ask divvs
User 2: the bois mostly you ask
User 1: acha okk
User 2: i'll get tomorrow only hello i have 1st lecture and 3rd you?
User 1: 2nd 3rd maybe 4th i'm not sleeping my roommate is sleeping i couldn't say so much hehe i'm doing jane the virgin then i'll do coursera till two
User 2: lol
User 1: haan
User 2: aww good good
User 1: to close nothing is left omg let's go on some other day or some other theatre
User 2: phir aaj nahi hoga next show is ten before that is 4:30
User 1: acha then sometime else
User 2: so seminar?
User 1: boring it is ughh
User 2: arav went for it last year and said yes nice
User 1: we also went naaa
User 2: nooooo
User 1: acha okk we will go then what time ?
User 2: 5:45 we'll go
User 1: haan
User 2: where are you
User 1: claaaas
User 2: too many courses and so many seem like a waste lol
User 1: hehe it's fun like what?
User 2: my head is aching so badly
User 1: aiyooo whyy you didn't sleep? massage you want ?
User 2: i'm trying to sleep kabka massage idm. but you chill what are you watching
User 1: aiyoo i'm doing coursera 25 myocardial infarction
User 2: good play at high speed
User 1: it's too tough dude i can't get it right even after making notes finally i passed i had to write it thrice how you feel bacha missed video call your books are available at cs hi jenny gully boy you will enjoy seetie sweetie
User 2: hello sorry baby bad day i just woke up
User 1: haan i understood
User 2: think i'll sleep again
User 1: it's about rapping
User 2: but dinner
User 1: haan sleep sleep
User 2: i know i liked the trailer what did you do baby
User 1: haha i did coursera
User 2: aww dinner properly you had or no
User 1: tomorrow paper seeing pray for me there was chinese it was bekar i ate dahi
User 2: aiyo accompany it with finding m something don't do like this
User 1: kya ?
User 2: dahi with something else too it's not enough
User 1: haan rice dahi chawal jaisa i miss you so much cutie i'll give you head massage after tomorrow's excercise session or before i have paper seeing tomorrow at one so i'll come home after that ? we'll do coursera and sleep and massage and excercise 
User 2: yes done done sort also am i supposed to wish somiya seeing that she's still on my bench
User 1: huh what bench you're not supposed to wish anything nvm leave our it forget about it
User 2: good thank god
User 1: put it out of your head
User 2: dw it's not in my head i didn't want to also hence this hehe
User 1: what bench ?
User 2: good morning
User 1: i'm so sleepy aiyo
User 2: 2nd awww cutie i woke up at six loll
User 1: good good showered?
User 2: doing facial now lol
User 1: i have paper seeing todayyy waah
User 2: ik
User 1: very nice ?
User 2: arav has his at two not yet
User 1: then go shower why are you doing facial ufff misplaced priorities
User 2: i have to beauty up till sisters wedding
User 1: if you don't shower don't come for class
User 2: rude rude
User 1: oooooh jen i'm going to go party today
User 2: even i have to party but you'll come home na
User 1: haan
User 2: who all are going with you
User 1: for paper seeing ? or for party ? alone i'm going
User 2: i know lol this
User 1: class peeps pragya richa ritika adhya sohini and boys mein the usual
User 2: shi
User 1: rishabh jayant rudraksh pranjal kshitij shashank etc etc
User 2: how come new people
User 1: nahi they were always there today i'm drinking techquila zeeshan heavy dress for a puja dude sounds like this puja was a partyyyyy jen i had to poop before my paper seeing
User 2: theek hai na how was ut lol yeah i feel my family is light jewelery and heavy clothes send to munny
User 1: haan i can't send na i told you i'll show her when i meet her full wedding ka together it's not now it's at two i'll do coursera
User 2: why
User 1: till then then
User 2: you're in the room?
User 1: no but anjali forgot her keys so i'll have to go i think
User 2: where were you then babu
User 1: acha nvm i'm not going to go to the room i'm in department library coursera
User 2: leave now
User 1: 2pm paper seeing in dept library
User 2: you're there only right?
User 1: ya chandrika checked dsp riippppp
User 2: why
User 1: she's damn strict like that
User 2: aiyo how much time will you take
User 1: savitha ma'am came my mcbsd paper she's like too good your paper was i was like i got a ma'am she said haan i know too good she said again and went off chandrika will not give aiyooooo waste of money
User 2: wow that's actually cool. smart ladki loll when will you come ac is already on waiting for you hehe cone cuddle
User 1: haha i will take time she's not here yet
User 2: aww okay call when i have to come sign in
User 1: haan okk omg she's here forty i got 40 forty-four coming to a cry i will pls give me some marks i wrote they asked internals and gpa and all
User 2: give give
User 1: can you call for some pasta for me from
User 2: i'm sleeping
User 1: basil mix sauce no veggies extra olives veh veg huh ? what happened? i'm coming in like fifteen minutes don't sleep now
User 2: yes the phone is on loud so call
User 1: okk
User 2: keep texting bill was 12k bapre
User 1: haw sorry i didn't take out my phone cause
User 2: what
User 1: is this eot?
User 2: how drunk are you yes
User 1: jehe jehe jen ily
User 2: how much you drank
User 1: ib kamakaze vodka all 60ml shots so tipsy good tipsy but not drunk
User 2: you said you won't drink lol
User 1: loveeeeeelllllyyyyy correct
User 2: wait for me to come i'll video call
User 1: where ? okkkkk i'm waiting now
User 2: i love you
User 1: oliveira you tl listen to this song asappp
User 2: hello i love you too read your snapchat youre real hehe
User 1:  i'm real i reconciled with sanidhya he wants to talk to you to clear things do you want to talk to him ? i'm going to make life a little simpler for you i want to eat smores on my hbf
User 2: done no it's fine you know what's right so do what you want i'm with you
User 1:  he apologized i was like no don't talk to him he might insult like that so then pragya was like you should learn to hold your own i was like ya i'm learning that slowly it's fine it's icey over
User 2: what does this mean
User 1: like i should have apologized
User 2: true do might as well stay away and be positive
User 1: if i thought i was right
User 2: you shouldn't have apologized to anyone what right
User 1: that i was wrong ebay
User 2: be elaborate
User 1: what
User 2: idk what you're saying gm where are you
User 1: gm sleeping i was now i'm awake i'll eat food and come i have to do a lot of coursera today hi jennnn i had a dream about yoy in that you came to kolkata and my full family had gone to brc for lunch and you came separately with your friends and i told you what to order pizza with basil and oranges then you came and met my full family hehe but you didn't meet mom idk why everyone else you met nani and all they were pissed that they didn't get to look for my beau lel
User 2: lollll nice december mai wedding ke liye ill comr
User 1: hahaha no baby it's not my side ka wedding
User 2: hat shi motu baap when will you come
User 1: aajao jaldise
User 2: why don't you to exit text
User 1: hi hehe
User 2: mad person
User 1: missed video call sorryyyy i love you 
User 2: i'm so happy you came during sex hehe
User 1: shhh secret i'm happy too finally we did it man it's mostly in the mind i've noticed and contrastingly i wasn't in my mind at all today what funnn
User 2: what do you mean
User 1: like i wasn't like aaj toh karenge i hadn't hyped it i do that na this bra that underwear
User 2: yes yes true
User 1: so then yaa
User 2: great aww
User 1: took the edge off ya hehe
User 2: i'm sleeping baby are you playing games
User 1: no no everyone is sleeping i guess this weekend
User 2: go to sleep today
User 1: missed video call haan hehe
User 2: https:www.facebook.com74133697733posts10156312342257734 jogging done hehe finally wowww damn nice advertising where is the cooler
User 1: in the hospital jen that is such a teasy video we have to wait till april 14?!! challo at least these three ppl are alone alive
User 2: listen what accha booked a show today at 7:15 uri
User 1: okk
User 2: whattt tell
User 1: at least they're alive
User 2: who three people babu
User 1: jon arya sansa not coming in the break have work
User 2: where you going poochie hgghxhuxjc kaha ho
User 1: class have to help with facilitation speech of retiring prof
User 2: huh why you
User 1: and find out how much these people owe me for party cause my english is decent
User 2: who let's girls pay stupid shit boys
User 1: poor people
User 2: lol truly aree meet me na
User 1: acha ok come fast new gate
User 2: comingfg you have really freaky people in your class
User 1: lol my class is over 5:30 you give me a call love you sweetie
User 2: who clicked haa
User 1: chandrabhan aoooo
User 2: doneee
User 1: aao old gate ke bahar i am
User 2: attendance she is taking so after that i'll come
User 1: okk
User 2: babu watch brooklyn nine nine you will love itttt
User 1: haan i liked it let me finish work things first tho cant baby call me in an hour
User 2: what you doing
User 1: lab manuel
User 2: i'll do tomorrow morning
User 1: okk
User 2: hello is you awake
User 1: hi baby
User 2: harshit drank for nine hours
User 1: i'm thinking to stay with anjali she's nice plus i'm scared to sleep alone what to do you tell omg why
User 2: you will get single room?
User 1: ya i'll get but i can cancel then someone else will get
User 2: naman is depressed
User 1: why what's his back story btw
User 2: everyone is ignoring him damn depressing
User 1: his parents are divorced?
User 2: interesting
User 1: tell na what to do
User 2: stay
User 1: tell tell what to tell divya i know she will judge if i tell i changed my mind i'll tell her mom said no kya ?
User 2: why will she do all thay no need
User 1: okk good then i'll just surprise everyone wednesday morning i'll shift the furniture
User 2: where aren't you straight staying
User 1: haan but i've made it into a single room type system na one study desk and all so i'll fix that stuff make it proper again plus i can't redecorate everything the wall and all so much mehnat stickers this that no need
User 2: tell divy that sort
User 1: haaan
User 2: sojao early
User 1: brooklyn ninety-nine
User 2: okay nevermind sleep lste
User 1: lollllll just one episode
User 2: naughty
User 1: ya i'm done sleeping gn
User 2: how was foc
User 1: what
User 2: episode
User 1: good he's too funny dude he slept in the office
User 2: true true
User 1: cause too early
User 2: haha sleep goodnight
User 1: good night sweetie 
User 2: i'm so late
User 1: you bunked oe?
User 2: no come such a fun lecture group activity
User 1: wahh
User 2: tp i had presentation also lol
User 1: what presentation?
User 2: comeee class over?
User 1: attendance i reached the block no i didn't jk campus reached
User 2: i thought you would forget again
User 1: ate food also
User 2: i miss you honey
User 1: awww i miss you too sweetie i'm cleaning my room 
User 2: cute arranging?
User 1: haan arranging and all also tomorrow so important for the cleaning lady to come it's fully dirty so much dust and all na that's why the full floor has become dirty but now at least all the arrangements are done tomorrow i'll put the new bedcover and put the fairy lights and then we're done! yayy
User 2: today then it will be complete good only fast moving hehe good morning
User 1: gmm
User 2: so early wah
User 1: ya my sleep opened
User 2: aww it's okay have a bath and eat something
User 1: i'm on a diet af
User 2: diet is healthy and not no food wala diet i'm your mom listen to me dikshita i want to be prolific today
User 1: sure
User 2: what will you do today
User 1: lab obs book  coursera
User 2: at pp or block?
User 1: block baby
User 2: dikshita i have to write a letter to the hod regarding the have so tell what should i write
User 1: ? have? leave acha just say na i'm going to go for my sister's wedding if any assignments happen
User 2: frame the entire thing ba
User 1: pls allow me to rewrite them ohkay respected sir, i'm in class baba
User 2: lol done already lol asha.nayak@manipal.edu tell me if you get free
User 1: no no meet me at 5:30 pls
User 2: okayy hod didn't sign she told me to tell my dad to email sore bapre
User 1: okk you have class only till 4:30 aiyo ok ok tomorrow we will meet them then so much work from the project i have to learn arduino in two weeks and do a project on that
User 2: till 5:30 babu i'll meey
User 1: yayy okk
User 2: i'm too tired
User 1: same
User 2: wanna bunk?? we'll chill in campus
User 1: no lol jen jen aapne kitne ppl bole the ? brownies ka
User 2: ten total including you divyw
User 1: what about the rest of the girls ?
User 2: ask if they will have
User 1: okk tell only yours baby four hundred and five ka kitna ?
User 2: eight my head is aching so badly and these guys are making me drink
User 1: huh drinking in the middle of the week ?
User 2: kaustubh came out of nowhere and got old monk
User 1: lol ok ok
User 2: we finished that and got more
User 1: headache why?
User 2: i had since last lecture very tired
User 1: aiyoo okk sleep off baby excuse yourself and go
User 2: no scene what you doing food coursera?
User 1: today dinner in the fc for some reason so i've come here i did one week i'll go do more now
User 2: gooddd why what's there
User 1: i have to buy cotton
User 2: make up ke like?
User 1: no earring ke liye dono
User 2: huhh
User 1: haan i'll show
User 2: i got hurt in my leg hehe
User 1: huh how ?
User 2: kaustubh and i were wrestling hehehe
User 1: lollll how's it going ?
User 2: it's over i'm fine lol just drank beer at the end
User 1: talk to me
User 2: we're deciding where to party after grad
User 1: ibizzaaaa
User 2: that will be last
User 1: okk
User 2: we'll start with auschwitz
User 1: where ?
User 2: poland germany netherland belgium france spaim
User 1: ohhhhhh nice nice go go scotland
User 2: baas not happening
User 1: whytt scotland is like you can have the original scotch it's so tasty like they have flavours and all i had two damn creamy scotches i thought you all would enjoy alcohol
User 2: we are focused on ww2 and pot  luxembourg
User 1: same conversation all the time lol
User 2: chup
User 1: aww it's fine
User 2: dafuq what you dooo
User 1: what coursera teaches an introduction to internet of things and embedded system
User 2: why that
User 1: it's a specialisation after the introduction it's got two courses for arduino and two more for raspberry pi and then a capstone
User 2: wah
User 1: hopefully i'll be able to understand everything
User 2: learn fast fast
User 1: but i have only two weeks so i'm a little tightly wound jen i'm feeling a little sad something happened you will say i told you so but i sad i was walking with divya
User 2: tell me baby
User 1: and kshitij shashank were walking from academic block side they saw me coming and i sort of figured that kshitij told shashank to not talk to me or something i didn't understand why i didn't do anything why like this mean ?
User 2: let him ignore what you get irritated for no reason let the poor go
User 1: i'm not irritated i'm sad
User 2: don't be all stupid people wanna fuck their friendships up because they are too immature it is not your fault stop taking bt jheals 25th birthday today i forgot oop
User 1: today as in ? now .
User 2: yes seventeen
User 1: ooooh wish wish i'll also wish who keeps extra class at eight dude i toh don't want to go only uff but today cool stuff i'll learn you know my csd pe na that's a matlab assisted course laptop mein i have to do damn cool
User 2: you're taking your laptop! ? wah
User 1: haan
User 2: first you would have woken up before me
User 1: she scheduled 8-9 today and then cancelled it
User 2: lolllll i was supposed to go for this wedding 
User 1: who are these ppl come to the new gate babu old gate only https:www.coursera.orgaccountaccomplishmentscertificaterr6gr67avesp https:www.coursera.orgaccountaccomplishmentsrecordsrr6gr67avesp
User 2: ohhh niceee i'm sad
User 1: whyyy
User 2: my dad had to email na to the hod. it was such a big task for them it too some thirty minutes of instructions over the phone
User 1: aiyooo
User 2: to send one email they can't understand basic dad is fine he knows other things but mom she has so much talent she's just wasting away
User 1: arre no she's doing it
User 2: and won't do anything about it
User 1: just not taking money
User 2: no she's not doing shit and it's damn sad
User 1: she's not doing designing?
User 2: i muted then and started crying
User 1: huh as in ?
User 2: nothing seriously muted the call
User 1: you cried ? why aiyo you should've asked your dad for his password
User 2: because my mom is just wasting her life i asked he doesn't know that also
User 1: acha aiyo jen 
User 2: leave it now i'll complete my work
User 1: i don't think you should let her do what makes her happy
User 2: doing nothing depresses her now jheal also won't be there
User 1: maybe then she'll start properly let her do at her own pace
User 2: hmmm okay what you doing
User 1: eating i'm so hungry idk why
User 2: hi tea mom ????
User 1: woohoo niceee sorry baby i didn't see how are you feeling now ? would you feel better if i came over ?
User 2: i'm fine it's okay prolific started writing lab but rn pubg hehe
User 1: haha ok babu call me  registered for ge healthcare woohoo exciting it's in bangalore
User 2: internship?
User 1: yaa
User 2: in summer you'll be in bangalore?
User 1: am i getting the internship lol
User 2: oh registered in the sense there's a test?
User 1: yaa companies still coming na not for you you're not eligible eee ice and one more dept merch mech
User 2: niceee when is it
User 1: dono
User 2: good good let's hope you can go to russia
User 1: haaannn  even vietnam i want to go saddd
User 2: bapre three trips i'm so j lol go go photos i'll let get
User 1: tum bhi aajao vietnam i said na it'll be fun i'll give you authentic vietnamese food
User 2: when
User 1: for my bro surat one
User 2: shaddi bapreeee so extraa let's hope aapka nahi banaye
User 1: haan no shit lol i won't allow this nonsense who sends like this i would've sent my cv if anyone asked and a photo cause i'm hot like that look at this complexion wheattish it seems wheattish  dark everyone knows that
User 2: what
User 1: this
User 2: not a bad color but aiyoo
User 1: lol bhaiya is 5' six she's too tall for him
User 2: five four is fine na
User 1: lol no heels forever for her
User 2: jheallll truly
User 1: lol that's damn sad dude
User 2: but it's fine if the girl is tall ya so what
User 1: abhi in her new clothes she bought heels kya dude heels are the ultimate
User 2: doubt it
User 1: i have seventeen pairs of footwear out of which ten are heels  three inches yatyyyy
User 2: to hide your ugly nails
User 1: i love shoes my entire countenance is to hide my ugly nails
User 2: mom won't accept that for sure
User 1: i shall change them
User 2: fine only
User 1: this one is nikita khawar jhawar this is aakanksha jhawar
User 2: aiyo i select dikshita only hehe
User 1: lol okk
User 2: i completed two subjects till now tomorrow two more
User 1: guess who
User 2: arre meri ugly ladki wahh
User 1: the other one is pranu we're dancing on crazy kiya re lol
User 2: you're so lucky that unibrow is not there anymore
User 1: lol ya i know
User 2: and longer hair it's already one thousand, two hundred and forty-five bapre i was watching sex education hehe nice series
User 1: haha okk
User 2: hello how was lab
User 1: goooood hi jen good morning baby how was your lab sweetie ? can we chill today
User 2: why
User 1: gym cause we're healthy ppl
User 2: yesss yass
User 1: some wedding yaaaay i'm so tired okay good night sweetie call me @1:45
User 2: i have class at one baby
User 1: ohh okk reached almost kind of there's a guy crying at kc over a girl hehe
User 2:  what was happening
User 1: he was sitting and crying outside the 4th block i think https:www.coursera.orgaccountaccomplishmentscertificate4yzxgnnj5ybb https:www.coursera.orgaccountaccomplishmentscertificatembpj4rxszsd3 i think you will be able to finish this specialisation in a day
User 2: to only that college
User 1: yes but it's duke duke is awesome
User 2: yeah kya?
User 1: ysa
User 2: even in biomed?
User 1: it's an ivy league
User 2: oh wtf accha good onlyn
User 1: haan do it off i'll also learn
User 2: what
User 1: the course it's c programming lol you anyway know it just write the answers and get the specialisation
User 2: send name
User 1: introduction to programming in c i won't go for the blood donation tomorrow i want to sleep in challo gn i'll try donating on 26th jan instead
User 2: https:www.scoopwhoop.comandaz-apna-apna-remake?refsocialtypefbb0 very sleepy you were that ten min made you very fresh
User 1: hi sup hehe i don't want to see this now which one
User 2: cuddle 
User 1: hehe hi baby
User 2: damn scam
User 1: coochi
User 2: hiii i'm in the workshop
User 1: how'd the workshop
User 2: he's teaching basic python you should have come
User 1: oh shit shit mofo
User 2: siddharth is also here loll
User 1: are yaar
User 2: we are legit doing nothing fucking these first years asked us can we group five ka we need noooo
User 1: why
User 2: just write the aim of the reasearch it's too long get
User 1: no he said write full what you learn learnt  i'm like okay
User 2: learned what is
User 1: nothing  jen did you ever read my paper ? read it i worked hard on it
User 2: which one is this
User 1: iit bombay wala
User 2: how much did you writr
User 1: ive written the entire thing
User 2: lies
User 1: im not lying wtf full one month what you think i did dumbo does this count as a paper presentation?
User 2: you were writing this in january. ? wtf why didn't you tell me
User 1: huh nooooo mad or what this is my mumbai wala project lolllll kaisa laga babydoll?
User 2: i'll see it badme babu i'm still here naa
User 1: okk acha okk pranjal is coming to sri lanka with his sister
User 2: wtf what the actual fuck it's not cool
User 1: crush on me  business for mommy's lol what can i do mom said send it to all your friends i did he wants to come then i can't say no na it's mom's work
User 2: whatever man bs bye
User 1: ok
User 2: go have fun your ghati shit fucks
User 1: ok what are you even pissed at ? i asked you you said no this that i didn't do anything wrong i know it and you can't make me feel bad for no reason
User 2: i'm missing rn i'm not pissed at you i'm just pissed at your friends such creeps it's not cool
User 1: what to do
User 2: tbh change friends but you don't wanna do that also
User 1: jen i marketed so well i made business for my mom
User 2: so what to do indeed more like your tits made business
User 1: i was happy about that okay now you're just being ghati think before you talk nonsense that's extremely rude
User 2: so you're telling me that if you just gave the trip plan and said that you weren't going that he would still go great ha i want to talk to this pranjal tbh needs some fixing
User 1: you can talk to him after my course is complete i need his notes
User 2: you make enough notes and i have never seen you ask him for notes more than once or twice
User 1: jen don't make my college life difficult i don't want you to interfere that's it talk to divya she just got done with the interview
User 2: please don't come to pp today thanks
User 1: ok you're being extremely unreasonable and you're removing someone else's anger on me and that's just very mean of you
User 2: fine sorry for this not really thoda your fault too
User 1: what did i do that you're angry about ?
User 2: you're always too naive
User 1: buddy
User 2: real and comex i know
User 1: i don't give a shit if he likes me or not
User 2: i know. that's why i'm not even mad at you. it's just that i don't want such chut predators around my baby
User 1: all i know is that mom has got only seven kids for the trip and she needs more people to recruit it's a new company my job is to help her
User 2: seeing that you have no problem with whats happening baffles me. true and hurts too
User 1: i don't care why he joined as long as he gives my mom business
User 2: ok someone is doing so much for you when you didn't even ask for it what's itching me you tell me na you think he would have gone if you hadn't told him that you're going too but yeah i truly truly wanna talk to him what are you evening typing
User 1: 1. i'm used to it real and complex babydoll
User 2: five is wrong. period. nine mostly will happen
User 1: see this is why you're stupid
User 2: ten no eleven doesn't make sense twelve toh nahi
User 1: you don't believe me
User 2: i'm talking to pranjak for sure
User 1: you don't trust me you don't trust me kya you think i'm going to run off with pranjal?
User 2: like i said that i'm pissed at him not you so this doesn't make senee
User 1: what are you even worried about ?
User 2: i won't be sad because if you select such a guy then you're the shit one not worried i'm just annoyed by your friends
User 1: then what do you want to say to him
User 2: you'll see good speech i have prolly might commit sucide
User 1: aiyooo
User 2: lol
User 1: you can tell him after he goes to sri lanka don't jeopardize my plan you're stupid i'm telling you you'll regret it nine will not happen i swear to god if you do it i'll be very sad for a very long time cause no one will talk to me and i will blame it on you and it'll all go down very fast learn that's why you don't know me only dumbo
User 2: there is not person that knows you better than me except your family maybr bitch i know when you want to poop
User 1: oh gosh fine i'm very smart jen my cgpa is more than yours
User 2: say what you have to make yourself feel better
User 1: you have to do as i say
User 2: don't know everyday
User 1: awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww  what are you doing ?
User 2: workshop
User 1: break over ?
User 2: at two
User 1: okk missed video call
User 2: such a cute girl i love you tooo poochie fish face hehe tell what to write
User 1: okay telling hold on on your wedding day we will be witness how you like my poem hehe put it off its niceee
User 2: itna bada is fine na? this will be in all the rooms
User 1: yup nice
User 2: like it?
User 1: yaa i like danish cookies bring for me one box pls hehe
User 2: ha baby aur kuch ho toh batadena brownies bhi launga dw
User 1: hehe i'm going to make a list of things i want dad to send to me lol i'll put danish cookies in that
User 2: when
User 1: little later and after eight i love after eight yumm
User 2: what is biscuit?
User 1: haw you haven't eaten after eight
User 2: yeah let my food get over first
User 1: is a mint chocolate amazing one
User 2: i can list a things you haven't heard about that ive eaten oooo thandaaa chalo done excited
User 1: yum it is thin also yum yum yum it's my new favourite thing to eat omg i want more now i'm going to ask mom dad to send
User 2: okay then finish your things in the ten days then i'll get
User 1: lol okk done i'm trying to remember all the things i need
User 2: food should be spaced out so it lasts
User 1: correct
User 2: aap nahi aye baap
User 1: kahan
User 2: pp
User 1: kal pakka
User 2: abs kiya?
User 1: nooo
User 2: dinner will start do now else too late
User 1: oopsie
User 2: i saw full civil war bapte mad i am hehe sorry hello
User 1: hehe we were playing stock exchange toooo much fun i ended at 40lakh starting at six lakh sriya won though i'm pooping lot of poop for some reason maybe because i ate both lunch and dinner oh i know it's cause there was ghee if ghee is there means i can digest done if ghee is not there in the food i won't eat it
User 2: i really don't understand your relationship with food messy hai gm leaving for the workshop harshit said he'll come in the second half mad boy do you want to do lunch instead so that we can chill at home in the evening
User 1: no dinner i had a dream about you lol you were so pervert in that my good god all the time only sex things
User 2: what did i do
User 1: you were such a perv you were my bf only okay mom's trip was going and all and we were running horribly late we took the bus and reached the airport but the flight had left so we booked flights for the next day then idk how but the airport had full movie theatre and swimming pool and all mom told everyone that we will watch a movie here and chill till the flight so i went to buy tickets and eat popcorn and then you came you were like ooooh flight miss ho gaya now that means you have to come to stay at my place and you have to sleep with me ooooooh i was like no i'm with family stop talking nonsense then we went to the swimming pool over there this one girl her name is vedika was assuming swimming you knew her from before we were sitting outside and she was swimming she was wearing very less clothes obviously so then when she was going to the washroom you stopped get her and then you were like how's it going and you were checking her out and all and then she was like how come you don't come to our parties anymore so you looked at me and then looked back at her and then she wrote a few codes on the napkin and said drop by sometime then she looked at me and said unless you've gone soft and i was like what a bitch and i took the napkin and threw it into the dustbin she had given you a swinger party address perv
User 2: why shout at me man your insecurities are molding themselves
User 1: haw my dreams have zero connection to my real like life zero what did everyone say about your post
User 2: psychology says otherwise dw baby im all yours kik
User 1: psychology isn't even a science fake nonsense pls
User 2: awww accha fine good inposted the piccc
User 1: i saw also we're calling for good food not going out it's not my hair wash day tomorrow is my hair wash day also pranjal isn't coming to sri lanka
User 2: chalega idm going out why now
User 1: idk lol
User 2: telllll
User 1: idk man what to tell
User 2: argh fine there will be a complete now competition  i'm already late
User 1: run!!!!
User 2: no auto only
User 1: aiyo late baby
User 2: nvm it will start after a bit or maybe last hour
User 1: hi i should probably wash my hair today itself i smell badd  also i'm sleeping so after you're done give me a call i'll wake up and come turant then we will go exercise and i will shower i have one more module to go but i'm not going to be able to do that now hair wash and all tomorrow not today https:www.coursera.orgaccountaccomplishmentscertificateyljzpdlunur5
User 2: again you forgot
User 1: crashing out tough to walk it was a sleepy high
User 2: hehehe you fine na? sleep off
User 1: haan threptin
User 2: why you awake da from calcutta?
User 1: i miss youuuu
User 2: aww baby i miss you too only ten days
User 1: brooklyn ninety-nine
User 2: fulllll of pictures mad only
User 1: okkk yes and you will bring back food
User 2: i had more brownie still nothing is happening
User 1: this you don't have to get
User 2: i know your dad is sending
User 1: haan i love you honey hopefully i will be up by the time your flight is going to leave have a safe journey sweetie
User 2: thank you you will be up or you'll miss the device half lol second magician: ughhggggh i just came leaving now babu take the remaining two boxes and mat and the laundry bag has your t-shirts no one got high lol
User 1: omg bride as in sansa ?
User 2: in the books ramsay marries jeyne poole who pretends to be arya stark jeyne is that girl who used to hangout with sansa in season one
User 1: oh so he marries both sansa and arya ?
User 2: nooo arya only he thinks it's arya but she's in bravos
User 1: what does theon think ? that it's arya ?
User 2: he knows it's not makes it a bit better i guess
User 1: oh god thank god shit jen i already miss you 
User 2: aww you could have come to mangalore today lol accha we ate two boxes rest two you take to for the girls
User 1: lolllllll okk okay cool
User 2: i'll give you eight hundred once i'm back
User 1: lol okay i'm just going to accept it caus i'm really poor
User 2: 900 duh how much you have left for the month that's not extra lol
User 1: nothing
User 2:  accha chal i'll tell the boys to get you money asap i forgot my charger ya
User 1: no please don't it's fine
User 2: nothing nothing?
User 1: no no 4kb
User 2: huh tell my usa wali masi got everything everyone ordered except my belt :)))
User 1: wth
User 2: first question my sister asked was who wrote that caption i'm like dikshita
User 1: lol then?
User 2: she laughed and said i told jinkesh that only
User 1: hahaha she liked it kya? or too cheesy ?
User 2: it's wedding hogahina su karech baby checkerssss
User 1: awwww what a cutieee
User 2: i'm going for the sherwani now damn nice it isss dude in the invitation jijus fam is giving out has jinkesh weds jheal and in my jheals weds jinkeshji 
User 1: haan obviously baby ohh no you won't get all this special treatment lol we're equals af
User 2: jenitji ya arrange marriage
User 1: i didn't understand jenitji you won't get lol
User 2: urghh i'll send pics now wait
User 1: you want to be called jenitji kya ? go send the ghar ka pics lots of things decor and all will be there
User 2: lollll house is a very big mess rn marriage is not in mumbai na so i don't think there will be decor nothing is there yet atleast it's trashed with cardboard boxes and dressed and bags and belts and what not also all the dresses ka final fit baki hao they purposely kept it loose incase the person becomes fat but yeah mention that
User 1: it's looking nice good good what are the white things? this one is great!
User 2: it's cloth. after getting the size proper, then they put the actual good looking wala material outside. i'll start getting the final things day after
User 1: ooooooh you will look like a leprechaun a cute one i like it i'm just kidding
User 2: idk i like it to much work is there and decor starts tomorrow
User 1: arre i like it da ooooh decor sounds funnn when are you leaving for alibaug
User 2: battery isnlow charger is in manipal rip
User 1: okkk
User 2: 28th only dad and i will go by ferry rest will speedboat
User 1: wahhh very nice cause of the luggages ?
User 2: no the guests
User 1: ohkkayy
User 2: oh nooo it's the pre wedding videooo
User 1: arre send more omg wow send the full video old why this short like this
User 2: it's 450mb done
User 1: amaaaqaaaaxinnneerreeedgggg too good loved it 
User 2: the sound is so bad
User 1: why can't you send one video it's on the laptop na send it
User 2: .
User 1: ruined my exp arre you send na acha won't go kya okk bring the pendrive then hehe
User 2: i'll upload on google drive?
User 1: haan do that
User 2: cool
User 1: hehe toooooooo good
User 2: honestly yeah it was too good
User 1: yyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
User 2: i feel happy i'm glad people lokenit i loved it dude baas uploading only hehe
User 1: yaaaaaaaaaaaa it's sooooo good jen i love it
User 2: accha there's a mobile version too i'll send
User 1: wah send acha jen i have one question from pranu answer carefully
User 2: no man you havent done it toh you havent in alllll my guy friends only three have done it few haven't even touched girls and why anuvrat again weren't theybdonen dudeee dad borrowed his friend's bike for two days lolll because of the construction going on it takes thirty mins just to get out of my area babu you have to keep sending me eefm notes i don't wanna fall behindn i'll start studying from today
User 1: okk but i don't have class only when i have i'll send no problem
User 2: yesterday and today?
User 1: yesterday i had i'll send that no problem
User 2: why aren't you studyinggg naughty miss meeee
User 1: yaaaa no 10:30 to 11:30 cancelled
User 2: tell now how much money you have keft babu i spoke to her acchese last night i give up on her sunti hi nahi pagal ladki
User 1: yaaaa
User 2: but your complex and real thing should give her some clarification
User 1: what have i been telling you for so long
User 2: .
User 1: enough but i have to buy books so
User 2: aiyo don't lie to me arre they owe you why shouldn't they pay 
User 1: i have 4k
User 2: today is exercise day. go to pp and take mat
User 1: i have to buy books 2k
User 2: fine but if you need tell
User 1: haaaaan
User 2: i'll send from here to harshit and then he'll give to you so you feel less shy 
User 1: nooo i don't need it da i will take when you're back send more things i want to see that's cause you scrub like a mad person no shh what will you do with this in manipal
User 2: be comfortable?
User 1: lol okay isn't it a wallet don't you have a very cool wallet which connects to your phone ?
User 2: ruined it in goa remember? now it's just a man purse
User 1: kya hai yeh ? aww it's sparklyyyy that video is so good i've seen it four times
User 2: apple watch ikrrrr girls ko dikhaya?
User 1: yess huh so many? okay nevermind i want to see everything i'll forward whatever i think is proper to forward 
User 2: video isn't? karoooooo your danish cookies lol what was that group
User 1: i did they don't want so much they want to see the main stuff only i want to see evwrything so you keep sending i love it yaaaa i forwarded this and all they don't want to see i want to see so you keep sending
User 2: matlab? haan that i know video par : eh they are first decorating outside the house
User 1: which class do you have your oe in ? linear algebra na ?
User 2: ha why
User 1: tell first ?
User 2: two hundred and three
User 1: is there a white girl in your oe from mtech
User 2: foreigner? don't think so
User 1: omg you look like jayesh saraf
User 2: arre man the pimple has become very big lips one it's dry should i pop it where are you when i need you codenames  with the underprivileged dude you should make them sign a certificate everyone you chill with them activities with underprivileged for swacch bharat 
User 1: hahahahah that's funny yes you should what's this for tho ? cute lol small kid came send videooooo full house ka missed video call awwww cute cousins so many people in the house lots to do kya ?
User 2: workers are doing decor we are waiting for dancer kids are practicing now more cousins
User 1: ooooohhh
User 2: they guy whose name is fucked up his name is dhun pronounced as oo
User 1: dhoom?
User 2: dhoon spelled dhun
User 1: lol that's actually fucked it
User 2: you never tell me when you have plans with your class people i spoke so much about you with zahra today one small part was about your beautiful friends also she lost it when i showed their pics 
User 1: great thanks for gossiping with a weirdo i would've never done that i didn't like your friends before either but at least i've spoken to them fucking judging people from their looks so mean jen you are the one who keeps losing perspective i was missing you a lot okay
User 2: the only reason i chill with such a shit bag is because i knew her before she became one so i know there's good inside where did i say i don't want to talk to them you only want to keep me away from them me too
User 1: not at all pls go ahead
User 2: what perspective
User 1: provided you know how to talk to them real and complex jen
User 2: no guarantees on what i might say
User 1: do you want me to not have friends ? i don't understand all the cool kids in my class are me should i not talk to all at all
User 2: i never said. it's just i don't like them
User 1: let me remind you how miserable i was when no one was talking to me at all for an entire 3rd semester i didn't say anything for 4:30 hours continuously everytime i went for class guess what they are jenit justtt classmates
User 2: you do realize even i don't talk to anyone now in my class right after the somiya thing even rishab and i aren't chill. you don't see me complaining
User 1: wowwww that was your own undoing i told you not to be mean to rishabh soniya toh what do i even say
User 2: so you're blaming me for this
User 1: what do you do in class the?
User 2: i wasnt we are chill
User 1: no of course not
User 2: we just don't talk we talk if we meet or something
User 1: i'm saying it's nicer to have someone to talk to than to not talk to anyone at all surprise surprise jen i don't care if they're poor or look weird it's not a character trait
User 2: i study. i text you. divya i've started talking to but we talk about studies only
User 1: i don't want to be the person in the corner who doesn't talk to anyone i've already done that and i was miserable you cannot oppress your opinion on me i won't have it that is it there's just friends from work type classmates "time pass" i know they're not super cool but they will neverrrr stab me in the back
User 2: never tried. that's why it's called opinion
User 1: i enjoy the competition more than anything else then stop repeating it i'm sorry i didn't have charge on my phone but i am not sorry about anything else and dare you everrrr bitch about me to someone else jen if you have a problem you have to talk to me i never even tell pranu if we're having a problem it's definitely not okay for you to tell some random psycho
User 2: i didn't bitch about you. just your friends i have bitched to you too
User 1: i know bombay people
User 2: so i didn't do anything wrong either
User 1: fucking narcissistic judgemental shallow that's what she is
User 2: you don't share stuff with your friends so eh i told all my friends about somiya thing
User 1: ya jen cause soniya isn't your gf
User 2: and they are impressed by your nature.
User 1: ya cause i didn't have a problem with it
User 2: everyone asked me separately that is your gf coming to the wedding
User 1: i don't want you to meddle in my college stuff
User 2: duh
User 1: how are you okay with it you're okay with being friends with me her
User 2: idk how to respond to thus
User 1: but you have a problem with me being friends with people who are none of these things
User 2: she's not like that with me. and i know how to pull her strings to bring her in her aukad
User 1: you shouldn't have to do that and by that i know you mean insulting
User 2: your friends are so inexperienced with social things that it makes me uncomfortable when they are around you no i don't insult i just bring up things from the past that show her true character and then she's like ya na man sorry na whatever
User 1: so am iiiiu i'm from a girl's schooollll and i'm horribly introverted okay good then
User 2: dude it's been 2.5 years. you've changed. they are still like bhai ladki se kaise baat karte hai and not because they are introvert just remember that every second you're with them i'm feeling uncomfortable. now go i won't meddle with your college and you probably don't want me around your friends because all im gonna do is just show them their true character. except like your showstopper ones they are chill
User 1: the day you stop doing weed i'll stop hanging with my class people
User 2: wow okay youre just trying to be a dick like me and hurt me
User 1: not at all
User 2: i have dance practice and then dinner then will sleep bye.
User 1: you're addicted to it maybe you should think about that instead of wasting time with my class friends
User 2: the conclusion is based in a false pretense as it is not supported by arguments 66 tbh i know i'm obsessed with hating your friends it truly is a bad waste of time. moreover it's not even like i'm possessive which i'm glad about. but my only reason for it is me being concerned about your safety it's annoying that you bring up pot only when you want an argument is going on. last sem after you said i decreased also then i thought you were fine with it. if you're not then say it asap and not wait for an argument start
User 1: you didn't write this i know tell me who wrote it i know you forwarded to zagra zahra okay stop it you can't do anymore
User 2: i only did man
User 1: okay if you're not addicted then leave it should not be so difficult
User 2: i'll try my best is all i can tell you because of the reason that it is usually there at gomen
User 1: why try you're toh not addicted na
User 2: and these people are damn pro peer pressure
User 1: yaaa
User 2: that's why try
User 1: noo you can't be like i have work wasting brain cells you don't need to worry about my safety i'm never alone with any of them and never the only girl with all guys i know how to handle myself
User 2: theyll just sit in my room and smoke while i do work and then when it's my turn keep the bong in front of me and then pester me. i've done everything you've said
User 1: just say no
User 2: i don't want some guy to get beaten after he molests you
User 1: well that didn't happen did it no one is going to do anything
User 2: because i don't wanna kill someone is that a taunt
User 1: if they had to they would've done it already
User 2: you don't
User 1: jen pls i will tie rakhi
User 2: know you will tie everything when have i ever told you that i don't like your condict with these people .
User 1: what ?
User 2: is this a taunt
User 1: so then get over it no
User 2: no. okay you know what fuck you i feel it is you talk to your beloved saurak and parth na tell them to arrnage a meeting with anirudh i'll show you what we both want do it
User 1: you're being silly and you are now being mean to me i'm the last person you should be mean to don't bring it up i said i also said don't go there but no do what you want jen you're acting like an ass it's cause of your stupid zahra and friends
User 2: i'm not being mean to you i feel you're implying vengeance so i'll gey that for you there no being mean in this on the contrary, you'll like my school friends tho but no i actually want to meet with that nigger tell your saurak and part
User 1: i don't talk to them jenit i will not bring it up you shouldn't either i liked rujuta she's actually sweet
User 2: sorry i just forget that you always cordially say hi to them all the time. always remember what they said dikshita. they basically said you were lying. not school one lying about what that also you see.
User 1: idk why you're friends with someone who's so insulating
User 2: why are we talking about zahra i don't even knie
User 1: one day if she provokes me i'll break her neck like a toothpick cause she is influencing you to talk nonsense everyone is influencing you everywhere take a stand say no to weed
User 2: she's not influencing me to do anything. moreover she was envying us today because if the things i told her about our relationship. when we were shopping we passed la senza then i brought your twenty-one gifts wala things
User 1: awwwwww i don't want to knowwwwwww plsssss 
User 2: and there was some offer on buy ten panties and get something odd
User 1: okay jen i'm stopping this
User 2: and them she said arghhh fine tell me what does she want she was ready to buy your panties then i was like no where will i keep it and all
User 1: awwwww okay that's actually sweet
User 2: so you know your facts before you talk
User 1: you're telling me this this is what i've been telling you talk to them first before judging but no
User 2: and getting back to your cordial and forgiving hi's with saurak and parth. they basically said na we believe a drunk guy who said he didn't molest you. how you can forgive yourself for even saying hi idk
User 1: they're stupid as fuck jen i hate stupid people
User 2: you should really see the things you do before telling me anything
User 1: omg i'm sorry i don't like confrontation okay
User 2: i'm not going to talk to them ever for the sole reason that they don't know how to life
User 1: i was losing way to many friends
User 2: kaustubh is middle class af. all those middle class jokes we don't get, he explains it to us
User 1: stop talking like a south bombay bimbo
User 2: but he knows how to life and he's smart like that so at least he's interesting
User 1: yaaa all my friends have 9 gpa jen
User 2: so you just give up your dignity for it.
User 1: all i'm getting from them is knowledge they're so focused
User 2: lol wonder why they ask you to teach them all the time and beg for notes then..
User 1: i like to stay with such people
User 2: if they were 9 why do they need you at you, yes.
User 1: i need them dude who am i supposed to talk to
User 2: even after knowing everything and having complete notes, don't think so.
User 1: for this purpose for "time pass"
User 2: you don't have to talk to anybody. if someone comes along that is worth talking to then you talk to them. you're acting like fucking anuvrat, trying to fit in
User 1: omg i don't have to try at all cause they don't care about anything i'm sorry i'm so pretty okay
User 2: i'm done talking to you for the night i think.
User 1: next time i will paint black paint on my face and go for class you've given me a horrible headache
User 2: you're ruining wedding season
User 1: you don't even have a conclusion to this conversation what am i supposed to do and what problem do you even have it's legit just one more semester leave them alone i missed you so much today and now i feel like crying you're too mean to me for no reason i was the best person i was just burning off heat chilling you can smoke up when you want but i can't spend some time with my classmates you're acting like a male chauvinist pig it's just harmless fun i don't and will never have feelings for anyone if they die tomorrow i wont even mourn i was just playing games with friends and you have so much problem in they that i was so good i did everything right i never do anything wrong then also you have a problem
User 2: no never said that also you only said that you stop and i'll stop too
User 1: yes you did
User 2: i didn't even agree to it
User 1: leave them for just two semesters don't make my classes hell is that so difficult to not get involved
User 2: you're stupid is what's wrong. become street smart. it's already too late. but yeah fine
User 1: street smart ? do you want me to not tell you at all start lying? because you know jen i'm so close to doing it
User 2: you don't even tell me.
User 1: just so that we can avoid this entire bt
User 2: unless i ask who were there and all you're sly. wow
User 1: and you pushed me into it
User 2: we're done for the night thank you.
User 1: if you want to find the needle in the haystack go ahead jen i never did anything wrong and i know it and i can't believe you're punishing me for this
User 2: im not punishing you.
User 1: you are you're irritated with me for no reason
User 2: i need a break from drama. marriage is coming and i don't need this bs.
User 1: i didn't even do anything wrong i'm your drama is it you're the one who brought it on
User 2: then don't give me bhav. i deserve that if you're right. your class peoplen youre life.
User 1: fine then you can talk to me when you feel better
User 2: but bye you deleted this message and royce chocolates too but they are for friends only
User 1: oooohh that's cool for who though
User 2: friends vidit won't be there so i guess just me harshit arav and kaustubh
User 1: oh
User 2: might take one for divya baas.
User 1: oh 
User 2: fine i'm sorry.
User 1: awwwww i love you so much jen i missed you so much today
User 2: i love you too baby
User 1:  
User 2: i didn't have time to miss because so much work  bapre tomorrow also so much
User 1: what work is there?
User 2: day after toh four hours practice getting this and that for me and then mom will also give work tomorrow i'm sorry i just don't feel like talking tonight can we text
User 1: of course sweetie how's the dance send a video toh !
User 2: not todays and the waltz one you know
User 1: haan
User 2: i'll send the decors video tomorrow i miss you so much baby
User 1: doomtanadoomtana
User 2: i need you here it's so stressful i need comfort i need you.
User 1: doom da okk how come you're awake so late baby ya i understand imagine your mom ka so stressed and like daughter ka bidaai and all i love you i miss you i wanna netflix and chill i didn't even feel like dressing up today tuesday is my indian day you know i wore jeans t-shirt and went i was like jen ka compliment nahi milega  
User 2: few days dw
User 1: haan when you coming back ?
User 2: 1st everyone is doing work i'm like i'm going to study now i can't i'm to tired
User 1: oh shit that's not a few days you can't say that baby go help
User 2: think about the studies i'm missing dude i'll study now
User 1: understand but think about them they must be more tired than you who's working though be like aap chodo i'll do it in the morning
User 2: parents jheal jiju and her friends
User 1: aiyooo jen
User 2: no mom will do now only
User 1: i think you should go
User 2: no i'll study for a bit and then sleep
User 1: brides don't work for their weddings
User 2: i have to be up to date
User 1: okk
User 2: they are just packing small things
User 1: oh okay what packing?
User 2: jaggery in something
User 1: okk
User 2: what are you doing
User 1: brooklyn ninety-nine !!!!
User 2: where you reached
User 1: season three episode four ooppppsss i watch it all the time i'm pretty obsessed
User 2: every new show cutie jiju is practicing his solo lol
User 1: send video i was thinking about the awesome sex we had
User 2: noooo yesss
User 1: it was fuuuuuuunnn
User 2: true
User 1: hehe
User 2: finishing at same time is so cool
User 1: okay don't think more
User 2: two second difference here hehe naughty naughty
User 1: correct i didn't think i could do it always believe in yourself jen five days to period ten days to jen
User 2: no credit only shit bad let's hope it's over
User 1: awwww i was jk jen you did all the work i did it mentally who me ? are you sure ? probably notttttt
User 2: lol ya kya? nooo
User 1: good good help good boy santa's little elf what a sweetie i'll always knew you would eventually go and help your cute mommu
User 2: must muwt i got new underwear i think it's small lol
User 1: awwww i'm princess of the underwear family unfortunately can't ask for men's underwear from my dad
User 2: you get for girls kya?
User 1: no just myself
User 2: lol thank god cutie
User 1: hahhahahahahah what r u doin
User 2: this packing is already over lol i'll apply moisturizer and sleep
User 1: okay now what ?
User 2: did you see the total dhamaal trailer?
User 1: no i don't watch rubbish awwww is so cute is it mistletoe ?
User 2: i thought it was supposed to dream catcher type dude gully boy is going to be like eight mile i saw the full trailer today for sure
User 1: okk
User 2: i thought you'd slept so much tv sleep full day tomorrow
User 1: hehe no half day baby
User 2: oh yeah opps moms friend spoke to her sister, after marriage she might make dresses like more professionally fingers crossed.
User 1: yessss good good ooooooohhhh jen is the son of a designer mimi that's pretty cool
User 2: wahhh i don't mind at all i had a dream yesterday it was exactly like the time when mom confronted me about mihika but instead she's like i found dikshita underwear in your bag and then threw them at mr i was like ... baas i don't remember more 
User 1: aiyoooo i read this before i read this you can imagine my heart condition divya got visa
User 2: hahaha cutie cutie she told me yesterday party mangi let's hope we get https:www.scoopwhoop.comfunny-tweets-marwaris?refsocialtypefbb0
User 1: i'm vv marwari wrt ghee
User 2: i have seen that baby you done for the day? eefm assignment happening :( good only two i missrf
User 1: just wrote an assignment how come tho he didn't take for us
User 2: didn't happen thank god i missed only one assignment
User 1: yaaa exactly
User 2: and no labs
User 1: waaaah
User 2: and break starts from tomorrow thank god
User 1: jen not missing anything just one na? beg that sir to give
User 2: and maybe next week one lab ha i'll try i studied dudeeee
User 1: haan
User 2: jijus nana just met with an accident
User 1: aiyo how is he ?
User 2: he's old and it was serious like his hip or something dislocated no wedding
User 1: as in? whattt the wedding is cancelled ?
User 2: no wedding fornhim mad or what itna money we put  nothing can stop thattt except like jheal or jinkesh
User 1: lol ya all her lehengas are nice different different colours shell look damn nice in them
User 2: all are not hers lol fentyyyy
User 1: idk what that is but i see jimmy choo so many brands aiyo bobby brown also na damn cool this basket centre piece is after eight no jewellery ?
User 2: ted bakerrrr this is their gift i think
User 1: as in jinks' gave jheal ? yess lots of brands see see see
User 2: their family ik da but can't open it i think
User 1: hahaha no you have to display i think awwww cute
User 2: exactly
User 1:  weddings haan i saw all that it's damn cool so many things call me na
User 2: wait aashi is leaving only ohh jewelry also came
User 1: cuuuuuuuuutttttteeeee nice nice
User 2: dude
User 1: i like it
User 2: wtf this much is not good
User 1: ya i thought you thought it was enough lol i was like okay nevermind then 
User 2: i mean it's too much
User 1: oh oops honest mistake no it's not the branded things are extra jewellery should be more lol
User 2: this is still fine i'm telling you know we are more clothes and all type
User 1: that's 20lakhs n your hand jen or is it swarovski? pretty
User 2: no da
User 1: i love diamonds dude
User 2: doubt it
User 1: haan bombay 40lakhs ? no dude earrings are twenty only quality looks good puppy at sp
User 2: why will a pear of earrings cost that much dikshita
User 1: cause they're diamonds you fool have you never been diamond shopping ? i think a good estimate is 12lakhs for that pair
User 2: no lol
User 1: oooooh yellow diamonds or is it pink ? that's a good one pretttyyyyy okay stop it now no need to tell people i asked for pictures aiyo
User 2: no one asked hahahaha they already know i'm 100 sure
User 1: is it pink or yellow tell na
User 2: pink
User 1: pretty  don't do more jen
User 2: lil okay
User 1: i will come off looking like a bad girl i don't want that ya
User 2: yeah yeah my parents don't like cocky rich people
User 1: no no you're the cocky rich cold child i'm the bad girl don't do bas no need to tell anything more about me aiyo i feel shy
User 2: your name didn't come up baby hehe hiii what you doing
User 1: okay good good brooklyn ninety-nine
User 2: dikshita dikshita
User 1: ssul sup
User 2: aapka assignment kaise gaya padho toh thoda kabhi kabar
User 1: hehe it was fine i didn't understand one thing so 45 i'll call you back
User 2: haaa
User 1: plaid
User 2: okay
User 1: it's a note to self
User 2: for what
User 1: for my pacing packing  for sri lanka
User 2: ooh mom just showed main set
User 1: ooooooooohhhh
User 2: it has some angad diamond or something
User 1: from this ? uncut babu it's jadauu show me
User 2: no it's not out for display
User 1: haaaan okk no problem
User 2: even my masi started critisizing the jewelry jheal didn't have a say in everything apparently lol rip
User 1: oops told you
User 2: it's fine da marriage shouldnt be about all this you girls i tell you
User 1: heheheheh it's fun dude if we girls didn't enjoy these things "weddings" would never happen
User 2: honestly would be the worst thing
User 1: wouldn't you mean
User 2: you know
User 1: yes
User 2: again we have to pack stuff tch
User 1: go go do
User 2: kitna bapre
User 1: brides bro jen talk to me na pls
User 2: hi baby
User 1: oh oh pack pack sorry plaid
User 2: just star it
User 1: i had to make a change
User 2: dude i'm getting such good workout
User 1: lol why heavy boxes?
User 2: i have to twist and out the boxes and all mast i'm straining my abs
User 1: wahh
User 2: getting workout in
User 1: do do help good boy should i wear all black for my bday?
User 2: princess par
User 1: ugh you're so right
User 2: when am i not you only say i'm doneee
User 1: i have to wear some sparkles this is stressful i've been looking for hours nick was waiting at the airport. he was listening to music with headphones on. then he saw his friend, jack, moving towards the gate. he greeted him from where he was sitting probably too loud because of the headphones. immediately the airport security handcuffed him. why?
User 2: noooo
User 1: whyyy what should i wear jen
User 2: you bunked kya
User 1: nope i went to have dabeli alone met jeet lol
User 2: awww few more days honey dw
User 1: yas
User 2: i'll start looking at linkedin jobs today just intern must
User 1: okk
User 2: i'm going to get my last dresssse
User 1: send pic
User 2: let me reachh it's from that day only the blue one but made even dad is just winging it how to ride i mean lol even he doesn't know proper ly
User 1: lol your dad looks better than you in that shirt yours is too dark but good only
User 2: the material is also diff
User 1: he got the better one pls tell me you're wearing white jeans with that you'll look awesome !!
User 2: white shorts
User 1: ohkl
User 2: which i have yet to buy
User 1: same same
User 2: it's not available anywhere
User 1: go to the mall na order online wait
User 2: end of season sale so not available no time
User 1: aiyo then what ?
User 2: i'll go to this shop in my area only option where is this from
User 1: myntra
User 2: check expected delivery date
User 1: pincode?
User 2: four hundred thousand and ten
User 1: seven days may come faster depending on items ordered
User 2: aiyoo
User 1: ya
User 2: wait i'll go to that shop and see
User 1: go buy from pheonix kurla they had good stock
User 2: too far
User 1: acha then dress like an idiot
User 1: what to tell
User 2: i'll like my cousins if i don't find na chill hai
User 1: haan okk hi jen ilyt seven days to jen hehe i popped pooped i poop as soon as i eat something in the morning
User 2: what you ate? hood good
User 1: lunch
User 2: morning maii
User 1: i can't do they breakfast no time
User 2: keep fruits in you room or yoghurt
User 1: boring
User 2: or real ka big tetra pack and take brownies today
User 1: haan that's a good option i can't i'm too tireddddddd
User 2: don't be lazy sleep now wake up and go get mat and brownies and then exercise
User 1: from this list i'm going to do the excercise part and arduino add rest i will ask sarthak
User 2: exercise won't get transferred to you
User 1: correct otherwise i would've asked someone else to do it awwww who's that?
User 2: this irritating cousins
User 1: spoilt lol
User 2: veryyy his entire family is new rich na so pagal hogaye where are you full day yaar kitna i miss you
User 1: i slept na baby hi babu i miss you too honey as in ? i know what new rich is but like how new rich ? why poor? i miss you too baby
User 2: what why poor i'm at jijus place
User 1: acha okk why you went there ?
User 2: full thing ka replau mast acting and dance and all the music ques ques are hard
User 1: huh i can't understand chill hai explain later
User 2: when to act and walk and all
User 1: ooooooh queue (s) spelling jen everyone always wears indian only in your family simply you don't like if i wear
User 2: oh shit i meant cue not queue loser when did say babu
User 1: it could be queue dude
User 2: you look beautiful noooo queue is a line cue is a hint
User 1: haan i thought so that's why i said it haven't been complimented in too long  queue is the flow of events
User 2: awww yrs but i didn't imply that i implied hint so cue
User 1: okk .
User 2: hiii they are doing full go through i have to go for a haircut ya these people don't understand
User 1: lol you have to wait
User 2: tomorrow morning 8:30 there's something at home
User 1: aiyo mad or what
User 2: then evening also
User 1: you will be performig in front of so many people make sure its perect jen i dot feel like excercising without you im not eating much also so balance ho gaya
User 2: what balance you're doing two bad thinfs negative negative isn't positivr
User 1: i dont feel like doing anything ok
User 2: pagal awww cutie khao baby lunch hi tea and dinner you jusy and exercise don't cheat tuesday and thursday both you missed moti
User 1: full february i will do running ke saath 1st march ill be hot af
User 2: bahut bolte ho aap kuch karte nahi ekdum like me 
User 1: oooh pink !! they made new house or what?
User 2: lavender baby the got the neighbors house but broke the wall unlike us full reno
User 1: oooh big house good one
User 2: dudeeeeeee jijus mom said the most offensive thing ever like i properly judged her then so basically we are doing a play cum dance for sangeet so we were recording his parents' dialogues with me basically i'm telling them that dad jheal said no to me what should i do, that's my dialogue and then she's like jheal never said no, she toh was damn hapoy in the most patronizing tone ever i was jiju is nice and all but he is the lucky one not my sister didn't say it obviously but like wtg
User 1: write this again i didn't get it
User 2: my dialogue is, so (off script) jiju's mom is like she never said no she's was toh too happy seeing him it could have been meant as a joke but her tone was serious and no one laughed
User 1: aiyo she's probably stressed don't make it a big thing it's fine
User 2: i told my mom she said the same thing but it actually was offensive
User 1: yaa leave it jen call me
User 2: i'm at school friends place i'll call after i reach okay 
User 1: okk
User 2: cutie
User 2: hi
User 1: what timing sweetie i just finished writing my lab
User 2: see the moon it's redd
User 1: oooh okay i will see
User 2: i didn't see two days ago it was veryyy red
User 1: lol okay haircut
User 2: me?
User 1: yes you nahi karaya ? kahan you guys are chilling ?
User 2: i wanted to go today but too late nooo friend's olace leaving now
User 1: okk
User 2: will reach in thirty
User 1: cool if you can then call me
User 2: yesss are you awake
User 1: yesss
User 2: they woke me up
User 1: lol good do work i woke up at seven to wash my hair lol
User 2: man dadi is already making it difficult lab chodo pictures dekho so after this function, all dad's sisters have to get pissed and leave and we have to go get them back so my dad told her mu boli sister to also go. since he doesn't have any ready sibling's so my dad's cousin sisters are like who the fuck are you  my dad stood up for her in front of those old hags funnn kidhar motu
User 1: laaaabbb awwwww that's cute
User 2: see the pictures it's 12
User 1: haan i did lab till 11:40 am cause he had given an extra question and no one was being able to do so i was like fuck you all watch me so then i completed that then i came back ate lunch net is slow will download once inside the clock block
User 2: wahhh good for good finally going for a haircut lol function was nice hehe except the old fat people
User 1: wait let me see the pics haan nice she's wearing the set from day before it's not looking bad tbh it's because your sister is hot she can pull off anything
User 2: aiyo in your cast every function you have to wear heavy sets only kha
User 1: aiyo no your sister is wearing a very very very heavy set
User 2: toh why you don't like it hahhaha
User 1: i was talking about the design
User 2: like you're implying chaljayega ohh
User 1: yaaa idc about the price design should make it look expensive
User 2: you like color kya
User 1: if the diamonds are heavy and the design is shit then what's the point the set will look cheap na ? no why i'm happy with anything lol good design
User 2: i shall remember cutie small break youre getting when to when you have classes
User 1: 2to 4:30 maybe five watching brooklyn ninety-nine
User 2: addict lab lokho or study for assignment
User 1: i just got over with lab
User 2: after i come then also tp will haopen today lab write
User 1: i study for assignments when the teacher is teaching we write labs before labs happen i'm up to date on everything send me more pics
User 2: i forget that you're great
User 1: yupss
User 2: sending a video see full thing
User 1: okkk good one but no when did she colour her hair? haircut also na awwww your mum is so happy in the end awwww why you put teeka from the nose that's too weird
User 2: november something
User 1: why did you slap her back?
User 2: don't know
User 1: okay haan seems shorter
User 2: who knows
User 1: aiyo why before wedding
User 2: tradition. remove bad aura or whatever
User 1: oooooh niceee
User 2: mast power se hit lol what
User 1: typical ladies screeching in the background shorter hair
User 2: random building chicks irritating
User 1: loll
User 2: i can't find this new salon only
User 1: happens with us also go to your old one
User 2: found this is too fancy hehe
User 1: good good have fun
User 2: texttttt black marble full shop mai
User 1: hi baby
User 2: hehe
User 1: talk to me ooh
User 2: hiiiiiii
User 1: what's the name ?
User 2: regius i'm excited for tonightttttt send jheal's face close up on the group for sure bahut aachi lag rahi hai
User 1: yaaaa i sent this they said so pretty mom wants to see i'll send it to her also i sent it to mom she's like wow so nicely they're pampering jheal i was like yaa damn nice to send so much stuff for her hehe she liked the sets she's like lot of thought has gone into this no two sets and alike and all
User 2: aiyo don't send sets
User 1: whyyy i'm not understanding what to send
User 2: what if she judgesss but she liked but she's cunning
User 1: ab toh i sent baby ya my mom's too smart no no she likes the fact that they put in so much thought and all
User 2: send her our pics stillllllllll
User 1: i'm in class sent she's like sister is stunning
User 2: pick my certificate from student council olis individual winners mai my thing will be there after class please don't forget
User 1: haan okay remind again at five cute
User 2: man my dadi is so fucking irritating i told my dad to talk to her and tell her to chill the fuck out during wedding or she's going to make it difficult for everyone he didn't talk so when. she was irritating mom i told her on her face that she needs to take a step back and not be difficult and not talk and mom didn't shout at me imagine how hard she's being so you know how i was very anti family before but not now so my mama came to me in front of my sister and he's like now toh you don't have a problem with all big teekas and all so i was like no he's like han karna toh padega then my sister told him he is doing everything willingly and it's your son who has issues he doesn't even show up for practices and all man i'm telling you this wedding will be funnn
User 1: lol i'm glad you're having fun don't do like that to your dadi i'm feeling damn bad for her
User 2: i can't do both dikshita  no man she is damn embarrassing she'll start shouting in front random people rn also i was talking to dad about work and she's interrupting and saying something tthays not required
User 1: aiyo old age nice i have your participation certificate your individual certificate they said they will text you looks good which function dude ? the wankhede one ? bandola are you ready jen ? what about jheal send pics beautiful !nnn
User 2: yes yes i'm here kabka haaa
User 1: oohhhh
User 2: dude it's saf
User 1: whyy
User 2: her jewelry is only gold. kinda getting camouflage with her dr ka gold
User 1: aww jen judging jewellery jenjudgesjewellery lovely
User 2: fro. your point of view
User 1: it's going to look awesome cause your sister is goldier than gold she's wearing red kya ?
User 2: dark pink
User 1: hmmm nice nice
User 2: red and gold is too gaudy y'all are into that i know
User 1: the last thing i am in gaudy jen ugh but ya bengalis are red white and gold all the way and it looks great let me show you she's marwari btw
User 2: yet so bengali
User 1: cause she's dressed like that
User 2: i'm not dressing up as a bengali
User 1: wewillsee
User 2: check out gully boy by various artists on amazon music hello first wave of guests is over now second at eight till then thida chill time
User 1: jen i'm at vgt with divya's mon
User 2: ohhhh
User 1: you look good
User 2: niceee
User 1: send pics
User 2: thank you
User 1: huh ?
User 2: photographer only took
User 1: okayy
User 2: the ones who don't eat at night
User 1: send temporary
User 2: huh where are y'all goinggg
User 1: click and send
User 2: ha why vgt
User 1: aww so clean wear lenses i said why you want to look like a nerd ? nice you're looking with pocket square and all awe
User 2: shaddiiiii i wore the good specs ya aww thank you
User 1: no you wear for all functions
User 2: yeah in alibaug mehndi tomorrow
User 1: ooooh you will put ?
User 2: have to ya i'll try as less as possible let's see
User 1: noo put it full time let everyone see how handsome
User 2: noooo what if someone tries to steal me
User 1: it's fine at least let them try send jheals photo send tohhh plsss
User 2: want wait
User 1: send
User 2: i want to send a proper pic not aise hi wait she's roaming around
User 1: okk send aaram se acha send na
User 2:  we're having dinner now like all the important that are left i'm sorry i didnt send full day
User 1: send na plss call me when free  i ate too much food i'm on diet now for two weeks
User 2: tell me about your day with divss momm
User 1: preftttttty6yyyyyy i like it i feel i was damn shy so divya said dikshita is being shy and i was too shy to say that i wasn't feeling shy so but then we chilled showed her the room and vgt then we went for dinner that's it actually dinner pe all udee upach sahil tan abhishek sriya ananya saurak dhruv sanjit so then i ate food so much food i forgot i think that my appetite is less i ate like a glutton listen to my cool new diet mostly i'll consume only liquids dahi juice and suck such  on full days i reward myself with a packet of lays 10 when there is green sabji i will eat that with dal no roti no rice mostly only liquid
User 2: roti is needed baby but liquid mai not watrr juices gluco and alk nahi toh you won't be able to sex i lost my charger ya aww cute pictures
User 1: you just bought it na dumbo yes i can't leave water cause uti will come otherwise oh i've thought of some stuff aajao jaldi bas
User 2: i kept and someone took it
User 1: lolz
User 2: they will call once they see the cctv
User 1: okk good
User 2: bolooo
User 1: so the one you loved is called flatiron
User 1: basss seated wheelbarrow
User 2: lata hu couch ruko
User 1: lol
User 2: so cool it is today over here my feet are so sore
User 1: really wah why cause of shoes?
User 2: after going to evening function only i walked 8k steps in formal shoes and in the morning also there was one
User 1: aiyo haan i got it shoes ke liye jen i have a solution for your dark circles
User 2: tell
User 1: apply cream and sleep like on that it's not moisturized that's why so handsome you were looking today
User 2: it's too far now i'll apply tomorrow
User 1: i swear i would've thrown your glasses
User 1: just wear lenses
User 2: kal i'll wear lenses ha
User 1: don't do kanjoosi haan you have enough toh ?
User 2: yes
User 1: call me
User 2: but it's been so long that i forget i can't. i have to save battery
User 1: aiyo
User 2: i don't have a charger and he will call tomorrow
User 1: how will you charge now?
User 2: won't charge what else hello cutie mehendi startedd
User 1: send photos yayyyy pretttyyy oooh they're making a tabla that's new bridal mehendi is fun and boring there are four people tending to herfun you have to sit for a longggggggggggg time boring
User 2: how can you see man yeah so long i also have to get ya
User 1: you only sent
User 2: shi yeah but seeing
User 1: wait i'll give you some ideas
User 2: for mine?
User 1: ya
User 2: tell
User 1: this is cool good enough i think get this done on the back of your hand and get this done on your wrist then again this on your palm
User 2: for groom da
User 1: no this is less grooms put poora mehendi
User 2: i won't have wrist
User 1: do it naaa arre just little
User 2: i'll ask
User 1: tell them to make the wrist wala not so broad just one inch around your wrist did you get it this on the back and front
User 2: i understoof but let's see
User 1: one inch width ka this on your wrist
User 2: aap hi aajao idhar
User 1: okk what's going on send more pics no dude i'm wayy too particular about all this i think it's best if i just advice that's pretty cute
User 2: haina it's looking even better now
User 1: i'm at lunch with divya's mon mom  damn nice it's looking caps are left
User 2: yess i have to get ready now but i'm pooping so much mehendi i didn't get no one called me only lol
User 1: hi jen talk to me i missed you so much today i was just like jen would've loved the food
User 2: apparently the food is very oily na
User 1: aunty gave me bacardi rum lol cranberry gone i'm you talk to me man i will be sad ya cause before you would've said nahi lagaoonga hi baby i miss aiyooo ya but it's great i'll take you full feb i'm on diet though sunday tuesday thursday saturday exercise days no food i'm going to be vv hot for my hbd aww what for tho kuch bhi nahi hai na abhi i saw the d k heheh
User 2: show everyone
User 1: pretttttttttyyyyy
User 2: just like my baby girl
User 1: hhehe 
User 2: yayyyyyy approved hehe dude mom dad are taking so much stress
User 1: hoga abhi you have to ekdum support rock jaisa find out what they're taking stress about and complete that work for them or bra jaisa whatever analogy you like more
User 2: yeah yeah i'm doing everything i'm doing too much in fact dada had problem recently na
User 1: gooooood for your stress i'm there
User 2: so he's developed thoda amnesia
User 1: love you
User 2: love you too 
User 1: aiyo why what happened?
User 2: old age both his kidneys are down to 30
User 1: oooooooh let her get ready jen i recognise the set
User 2: i know you do we are very lateee lol we just left supposed to reach an hour ago
User 1: okayy for the mameraaa nice nice go doesn't matter you're the bride side
User 2: we have to come back and pack stuff because tomorrow morning mai all our stuff goes to alibaug too kate
User 1: okk got it late lol it's gone fine karna toh padega
User 2: this makes more sense 
User 2: when's her mom leaving
User 1: love you baby show me tomorrow what are you wearing?
User 2: bandi car mai hai
User 1: okk selfie ? good
User 2: i'll wear the thing in this
User 1: gots it love you sweetheart 
User 2: love you too babu
User 1: pretttyyyy
User 2: dude my button just fell when i went to the bathroom safety pin to the rescue  i'm so glad very less work today
User 1: awww you guys look good highly doubt it send aashi ka picture there's someone in a light pink lehenga with headgear and all send that person ka picture v cute in the video she is there behind jheal
User 2: she's jijus mom on stage she is finally she dressed up properly yesterday ka she repeated i was like dafuq you deleted this message you deleted this message https:www.scoopwhoop.comdesigner-collection-moody?refsocialtypefbb0
User 1: awwww i like it i've seen this dress send na not allowed
User 2: yeah we got it made but never used it lol so might as well my point wait https:www.sparetimepro.com28-examples-showing-why-being-bad-mannered-is-never-a-good-idea
User 1: this is funny okay cute omg so many peeps
User 2: jheal's loved the dk hehe aashi said even she was planning but was scared wuss
User 1: hehe awwwwwwwwww it's ulta whyyy
User 2: because she's still stupid
User 1: lollll great what a pretty hand i like it
User 2: jheals friend's company gifted her a hamper i'll show
User 1: interesting like  so sweet they'll be so happy that jheal is wearing the jewellery now i'm feeling bad for judging it i should stop being so rachel
User 2: true what were the deleted messages
User 1: arre nothing i just said i should be not judgy what are you doing ? tell na i have to tell something
User 2: hello nothing sup all the grown ups are discussing the management part can't do anything someone asked you out kya 
User 1: no i played stock exchange in pp i'm a game playing hoe accept it jen i don't care who i play with
User 2: kiske saath?
User 1: four hundred and fourteen sriya
User 2: i have told you not to go there not cool at all we'll talk about it when i come back you do these things behind my. back on purpose i know it and i hate it you'll hide everything that i don't like kya? but not cool already you're hiding things from me masters ke time kya hoga phir now toh ten days we're not meeting what happens when it's ten months
User 1: that's why i told you then also you're saying this what i hid ??
User 2: you know you're forbidded from going there after everything is over who all were there
User 1: it was a fast decision sriya was like come
User 2: wah
User 1: i said no why
User 2: wah
User 1: she's like stock exchange i said cool
User 2: wah good haa you're not getting any pictures also now you listen to me sometimes but know you always have to go against me good thanks ha weddings are not stressful at all thanks for giving thoda shi shi self respect tumhari hai hi nahi simpleton mat bano
User 1: ok 
User 2: agrim was also there! ?
User 1: yes
User 2: wowww thoda bhi self respect hai? kuto ki tarah nikala tha jo karna hai karo tum meri waise bhi nahi sunoge shi dikshita bahut ganda shi disgusting i can't believe it tbh
User 1:  sorry
User 2: i'm sure you enjoyed playing with your friend, person who told you to fuck off, and molester sympathisers you deleted this message you clearly don't even care for your self respect but i'm sure you had fun which makes it worse believe it or not chod tumko bolkar matlab nahi
User 1: okay you can scold i said sorry
User 2: even though my views are usually right and coincidr with your own mother's you never listen
User 1: i listen
User 2: you're not worth it. you don't listen what to do. i'm not wasting my time trying to explain you something logical jo karna hai karo goodnight don't ask for pictures thanks
User 1: sorry i said
User 2: i'm sure the people who have insulted and doubted you said the same
User 1: i got over it
User 2: you clearly didn't learn a lesson from it so jokes on you let me be very clear, i'm very disgusted by your behavior. and if you or your girlfriends thing this is an over reaction, trust me, it's not. and i'm very disappointed in you. you broke trust.  shi dikshita mood bigad deto ho tum shi shi shi i'm getting tired of you not telling me things like these on purpose until it's all over and youve done the thing you deleted this message nevermind you're busy with other things :) goodnight
User 1: i'm sitting with sriya and anjali
User 2: have fun.
User 1: okay sorry sorry sorry i'm twenty-one years old let me do what i want
User 2: not in this case while you're in a relationship with me. reply
User 1: okay then i'm sorry
User 2: you don't even believe you have done anything messed up
User 1: no i know it and both of them sriya and anjali also think so just that i wanted to play and sriya said come to play stock exchange and i was like cool
User 2: no you clearly don't this was eight mins ago
User 1: i was sitting up na now only i came to my room no i really know it
User 2: just because sriya understood the gravity of the situation after i texted her doesn't mean something in uour head clicked
User 1: pakka
User 2: so does that mean youll still greet them ?
User 1: i will say hi and casual talk i won't spend too much time with them like i did today superficial only
User 2: then text me when you "really" know it.
User 1: nooo i know it
User 2: all these are bs excuses that i don't have time for i'm not even kidding rn.
User 1: i just don't care enough to make it such a big thing complex af
User 2: my girlfriend getting insulted and then acting stupid enough to go back is the biggest concern for me.
User 1: arre i don't care baba really let them think what they want i really just wanted to play stock exchange i swear you know na
User 2: you are to completely ignore their existence hence forth. please text me when you "really" understand why i want you to do that. when it comes to nethraa, since she's a girl, i'll leave it up to you.
User 1: i really didn't care
User 2: my best friends were across the hall seeing as they are your friends and the four hundred and fourteen aren't even friends of yours i know what i would have selected if i was in your shoes.
User 1: i really understand i swear no no i knocked to say hi obviously no one was there they would've gone somewhere i just find it easier to forget what happened and talk to four hundred and fourteen i rang the bell i swear
User 2: you just keep proving me right about your stupidity
User 1: i won't lie to you i'm not stupid my aim today was to have fun if i could put it past me and have fun then i'm not stupid cause i got what i wabted
User 2: when you understand this text me in fb, i'll unblock you. because rn, i really don't wanna talk to dikshita that does such reckless and self demeaning things. my actual dikshita is much smarter than that. goodnight did but please don't talk to me until you understand the gravity of the situation
User 1: ok i understood but do you understand the gravity of my situation? no you don't even give me a solution
User 2: a
User 1: you don't even understand that i feel really sad
User 2: where was divya
User 1: with her mom on a dinner with her class mates
User 2: seeing that you went for less than two hours, you could have e easily watches brooklyn ninety-nine but no
User 1: i was watching before that
User 2: or chilled with class people after school but no
User 1: seven i went there
User 2: or slept but no or exercised but no
User 1: huh ? i didn't have today saturday off
User 2: nevermind but yeah those could have been other options
User 1: tell something involving people tell if i wanted to play stock exchange who was i supposed to play with slept too much today i was too full from all the eating
User 2: seeing that you're a night person you could have waited for after dinner. they would have come to room
User 1: to play with who divya is staying with her mom only sriya likes to play stock exchange and she wanted to play with them i didn't suggest to go and spend time with them she did
User 2: accha okay i understand, so since you don't have friends since they are out you replace them with molesters and fuck off wale peeps okay i understood your part good oh her faullttttt
User 1: you give me a better option
User 2: that bitcchhhhh
User 1: i didn't even say that
User 2: who the fuck said yes
User 1: what was i supposed to do
User 2: oh so you really don't mind spending time with them. great. now i definitely know you didn't understand my point. bye dikshita
User 1: i understood
User 2: you asked for it na dekho a ho sab sort karte hai aur include kar unnecessary thjnfs
User 1: wow acha add me i'll sit quietly add me !!!!!! add meeee jenit this is so embarrassing you're making it so public stop it
User 2: no you shut up you started all this na i'm ending it for good
User 1: i didn't start anything
User 2: go read insta you said you won't talk
User 1: ok  adddddd me you can't stop me from talking jen
User 2: you're acting like a little twat today so stay out of it.
User 1: okay add me
User 2: i did
User 1: i'll also listen to what they have to say no let me be a part of the conversation
User 2: i'll forward it.
User 1: no no no add me jen
User 2: you're not doing anything.
User 1: add me i'll not say anything add me
User 2: i'm very tired of you not standing up for yourself.
User 1: i'll sit quietly and listen
User 2: i trusted you first time not again
User 1: i learnt add me add me
User 2: i really suggest you decrease the frequency of your texting to me till this fight gets sorted. it will be in your best interest
User 1: why are you not talking to me fight who you're fighting with me
User 2: yes
User 1: or who are you fighting with i already said sorry you won add me to the group stop it hem jen 
User 2: i will send you what's necessary
User 1: add me stop it
User 2: you're not getting added period.
User 1: you're being unnecessarily rude to me add me
User 2: rude to you?
User 1: i'll not talk i said na yes add me i'll take your permission before typing on that group jenit add me
User 2: i'm trying to maintain your self respect for you. let me do it my way because you clearly can't handle it for yourself and if i'm gonna marry someone they better have self respect.
User 1: jenit stop it
User 2: you don't have it
User 1: add me fine then
User 2: i know you can't control yourself so mo
User 1: i'll not say anything
User 2: good
User 1: stop controlling me add me jenit pls 
User 2: i'm controlling my group with me gfs best friends
User 1: add me stop blowing it out of proportion add me i won't talk i'll just sit
User 2: ill text you when i have to till then all your messages are on read.
User 1: add me jen stop it add me rn fine then i'm blocking you now if you can be pretty
User 2: cool
User 1: pettyv
User 2: i'm pretty af
User 1: so can i
User 2: bye
User 1: add me no i can't block baba i don't know how you're doing if i die tomorrow you will be really sad i have a knife in my room don't challenge me add me rn add meeeeee jenitttt add me ai add me unnecessary add me i would've taken you to couples counseling because you just don't want to hear my side at all add me
User 2: your side is that you're more hurt by divya and all. fair enough. so i'm clarifying. sriya did inspect. divya told me she didn't wanna bring it up. upasaana ka we'll find out. what's your issue i'm showing you how shitty four hundred and fourteen people are by giving you proof of the good guys you don't text them on pc
User 1: you're being horrible to me divya didn't want to bring it up and she was right i didn't want to either what's your problem you're not the one under inspection jenit unnecessary as if i can ever talk to them the same again you don't understand or what i hate drama i hate conflict just let it go i don't understand what's your problem you've made such a horrible scene jenit i am so embarrassed i'm so embarrassed i'm so disappointed in you and your behaviour i told you not to bring the thing up but you keep doing it
User 2: then dont call them your best friends
User 1: you're really crossing your limits
User 2: and you started it when you said that what they've done is worse
User 1: i don't care i don't care at all
User 2: like wise
User 1: what they think ideally they wouldn't know about it at all so embarrassing
User 2: that's why india doesmt go ahead because of women like you
User 1: i don't care i don't give a shit
User 2: suppressing wrong things
User 1: shut up and don't talk where you're not supposed to
User 2: it's not. it's anirudh and saurak and parth who should be embarrassrd
User 1: calling me stupid
User 2: you see them getting embarrassed?
User 1: you're stupid
User 2: i don't think so back off
User 1: they're dumb people dude
User 2: you're not included in my private conversations
User 1: then you're back birching
User 2: i can talk to whoever j want
User 1: bitching  you're being horrible
User 2: i'm not degrading you behind your back
User 1: and so inconsiderate
User 2: moreover unlike you, i'm not hiding it either
User 1: upaasana is in goa she's enjoying herself
User 2: and waiting for the thing to get over before telling you like you've been doing so many times recently if she wants to reply she'll do that or she won't.
User 1: she doesn't need this bullshit why you left pranu then add her also
User 2: you mind your business
User 1: stop trying to throw all the people out of my life jen
User 2: she doesn't know any of these and she wants here after jt
User 1: you legit like no one
User 2: don't be stupid i'm not throwing anyone
User 1: there is no one in my life except you then also you're so insecure
User 2: sroya divya and upaasana are still there i'm not being insecure
User 1: i'm so irritated and so embarassed
User 2: i'm keeping your self respect.
User 1: no you're not i can't control my friends
User 2: you know what stop texting me.
User 1: i can't control my time and now i can't even control my own self respect i'm not a puppet jen
User 2: well kudos you're living the life 
User 1: stop it
User 2: i'm not controlling you. i'm talking to whoever i want get off my back go sleep
User 1: you know what send all the pics directly on that group i don't want to talk only chi you know i didn't bother cause i don't expect anything from s and p you're making it such a big deal stop creating drama all the time jen i hate it so mean i'm so embarrassed i told you only in confidence i told you immediately don't tell anyone i don't want to be gossiped about
User 2: no one gossiping about you. and like i said i'm done talking to you so stop texting me.
User 1: you've involved upasana now if by chance she tells anyone i don't want you to interfere that's it
User 2: she already knows and if she doesn't then you're the bad friend
User 1: she's in goa dude udee will know sahil tanisha everyone
User 2: i'm blocking you
User 1: i feel so exposed
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: hello are you she awake
User 2: gm
User 1: what is the poa what are you doing
User 2: going for breakfast then will load tempo
User 1: ok ok
User 2: then practice full dau
User 1: okay have fun
User 2: bye
User 1: would you have preferred if i'd told you after you came back? so you could enjoy the wedding just forget it now and go have fun i love you sweetheart nothing else matters
User 2: not really i would have preferred if you told me before you left so i could stop you
User 1: ok
User 2: you did it behind my back like you've being doing many times recently
User 1: i told you arre
User 2: after everything is done you tell me
User 1: it's just a harmless game
User 2: if i wanted to be sidelines i wouldn't have asked you out after hooking up for year
User 1: doesn't change what i feel about them i know they're stupid
User 2: no sense talking to you
User 1: what is the problem i'm not even under standing
User 2: we don't go to places that have insulted or embarrassed us or hangout with people who do that if you do that just because you don't have anyone to chill with then it's even worse. you're already not keeping in the loop
User 1: i got over it dude and i got to play games
User 2: masters ke time i don't know what will happen
User 1: i don't care who was playing
User 2: well you forgave, you also forgot.
User 1: how is it worse
User 2: i didn't.
User 1: i told you everything arre
User 2: i will do neither of those tbings after everything was done like you always do i'm tired of you hiding stuff
User 1: arre you're talking as if i ran off with someone else dude arre arre so you don't go there i had fun man i didn't hide anything ever
User 2: hiding stuff when you're doing it and then when you know i can't do anything to stop it or after it's over you're like i did this. very bad habiy
User 1: arre i didn't hide anything arre but what i did dude it's so harmless i don't even care you're the one making it such a big issue and even worse you involved everyone
User 2: well you were online and texting when you were in pp. it was around this time. yet you waited for the function to get over i'm pretty sure it didn't just slip out of your mindn
User 1: no at this time i was in the room no no at this time i was going to pp on the way
User 2: well then now you were in pp atleast so did you say you didn't stfu man stop acting all innocent if you think you've done nothing wrong you wouldn't be taking my bs rn
User 1: i'm not saying anything like that i wasn't taking your bs even yesterday i'm not understanding how you're telling that i didn't tell you
User 2: then i wonder why you were trying to convince me that you really understood it
User 1: which i did totally that's not even what i'm sorry about i went i said sorry bas matter course close
User 2: after everything was o er wow okay bye dikshita. please don't text me today. i will really appreciate it.
User 1: stop the drama you're being so rude to be
User 2: just keep your distance today
User 1: stop pushing me away i won't text you do what you want
User 2: thank you. bye have a great day ahead :)
User 1: you relax baby lot of work is there
User 2: huh
User 1: for wedding
User 2: oh yeah
User 1: send photos if you want
User 2: gives you more time to think about your actions lol no i'm good thanks
User 1: send photos i want to see i already said sorry i won't talk to them at all anymore i hate them and i will hate them until the day i die
User 2: my main point was to make you understand and not succumb to my wishes. you're clearly doing the latter so please save me some time. proving that you don't understand jack fucking shit. your attitude towards your actions isn't helping you know
User 1: i already said i don't give a shit about them. i don't know why you're not believing me
User 2: i believe you i know you don't
User 1: so then why are you worried
User 2: so who you know how when you chill with your class people i'm pissed at them not you, here it's opposite. it's your stupidity that irritating me. i'm not worried about anything i just want you to stay away from such people it's not like they approached you. it's your fault only in this. i don't understand why you had to say yes.
User 1: and i do all the time once in a while if i want company and want to play then you shouldn't make it such a big deal they did i said cool cause i don't care
User 2: you picking them from company because you don't have anyone to chill with is my main issue sriya did s p didn't well you should
User 1: because i wanted to play stock exchange and i found company to play i
User 2: you really want to spend your free time with people who deny that you got molested as a girl, you should be ashamed of yourself for not standing your ground you forgot and forgave them?
User 1: i only told you this yesterday
User 2: well good for you. india is back wards because of girls like you
User 1: now what is the problem in this ?
User 2: in forgiving and forgetting! ?z
User 1: and why and how is that any different they had also called me when we went for divya's treat saurak had mentioned it
User 2: well you should have declined it
User 1: sriya brought it up and i said cool
User 2: send me sauraks number
User 1: anyway after you getting so pissed i'm obviously not going to go there anymore fucking decide jen no i don't care i don't have so much time to burden my mind with this rubbish i like to keep my life light oh shut up i don't give a shit about any of this i'll burn all my games in front of you simply irritating you want me to hold the grudge forever or what am i forgiving anirudh ? no na saurak and parth have stupid views it's their problem not mine they're not my friends anymore and you know it
User 2: you should care who you hang out with i mean when it comes to molestation yes yea you should don't be that indian women who doesn't stand up for herself going there wasnyour biggest mistake
User 1: stop this nonsense toh sabse pehle i'm not forgiving anirudh i'll still kick his ass if i see him i don't give a shit about the other two so i don't care what they say ya now it feels like it cause you're irritating me so much about it i already did it it's done and you can't change it i'm not going to do it again ever in my entire life
User 2: you do realize that according to law if you're an accessory to the crime and liable for the same punishment
User 1: congratulations you now control even who i play with you control my entire life i hope you're happy i don't care jenit
User 2: i thought you'd be smart enough to know that you can't hang out with wow
User 1: i am smart i don't fucking care only you care
User 2: send sauraks number
User 1: and now you can stop me so much power you have good good
User 2: can't believe you're turning this on me
User 1: you're acting like a male chauvanist again this is what you want isn't it
User 2: call me that one more time i dare you
User 1: you want to tell me what i should and what i should not be doing even if i'm not smart enough to make the correct decision it doesn't mean you can control me like this stop trying to push people out of my life
User 2: i just don't want my girlfriend to talk to people who say that she's lying about being molested
User 1: i have no one to chill with why doesn't this bother you i am going to graduate college with five friends i have no crazy college stories i haven't ever done anything crazy,y
User 2: you don't know how much it does because we haven't spoken about it. you think k sem3 was tough only for you. i keep your needs before mine at every point and will continue doing so
User 1: all i'll ever remember from college is how you stopped me from talking to people the most crazy thing i want to do is play games and you have a problem with even that
User 2: but when i say no for something you ought to listen because i listen to you.
User 1: i know this and i thank you for it but you can't make my decisions for me and you can't change what i think
User 2: you can't blame me for everything
User 1: and you can't change what i think about propel people
User 2: send me sauraks number now
User 1: if i don't care i mean it jenit there's no need for this i won't go there ever again babu please let it go
User 2: fine i'll get it some other way
User 1: instead of talking to other people i think you should just talk to me instead you have a problem with me not with everyone else
User 2: you yourself said that they also approachrd you na
User 1: yes so
User 2: nothing. how about you continue blaming me for all the college problems instead of actually understanding gravity of the situation
User 1: if you want this to not happen you should stop trying to control what i do
User 2: you saw what sauraks replied to sriya? yes or no
User 1: you can't talk to him you can't play with them this that who should i talk to then i'll graduate without any friends omggggg i don't give a shit about saurak
User 2: no you tell me
User 1: which language i'll tell this mujhe farak nahi padta
User 2: okay fuck it you are not understanding anything and i'm already very late.
User 1: i don't care what people think about what happened you go man call me later
User 2: and i honestly don't have the patience to try to explain you anything. do what you fucking want. and don't text me. i have important things to do rather than getting blamed for everything moreover s p are the first people i have asked you not to talk to. rest of them i just criticize
User 1: think again jenit
User 2: yep mahiman doesn't xount
User 1: eh chi
User 2: except these three you prove me wrong
User 1: pranjal and all also
User 2: nope that was criticism
User 1: you said don't hang out with them no you said i don't feel comfortable don't hang out with them
User 2: when drinking
User 1: no i went to play codenames and you said this
User 2: i've said only for drinking.
User 1: no
User 2: that time you were afk for hours and i needed you
User 1: you give me shit for it everytime
User 2: that time also you didn't keep me in the loop criticism
User 1: cause you react like a crazy person maybe no you legit give me shit for it
User 2: accha so you hide stuff.
User 1: everytime did i hide anything no
User 2: you always tell me after everything is done. i'm sorry i need live updates is that too much to ask for
User 1: arre why are you talking as if i cheated or something man stop making it such a big deal i said sorry already
User 2: because ab agar aisa hai toh masters ke time kya hoga keep your sorry
User 1: kya hogaa
User 2: i want you to understand your mistake you won't tell me only anything
User 1: i'll play monopoly with some random drug dealers worse than this nothing will happen and you know it man you marry me tomorrow
User 2: why are you insisting on playing with random people i don't understand
User 1: then will you be happy
User 2: i'm not scared of you cheating because that won't happen that doesn't mean i take smaller issues lightly
User 1: ya no shit jen why not ???????
User 2: only then i'll be normal
User 1: how is it affecting you so much go do meditation i don't make mistakes don't talk bullshit
User 2: idk. you affect me in every way imagine able
User 1: because no one likes to play games and that all i want to do all the time for the entire day what i did man simply it's about other people
User 2: well worse that you don't even think you fuckednup. and not fucked up against me, fucked up against yourself
User 1: not me correct i didn't do anything to you
User 2: i know that from start mind you
User 1: i didn't do anything to myself either cause i don't care then what is the problem
User 2: and my job is to make you realise that you did i have zero tolerance for naive dikshita
User 1: no i didn't
User 2: stand up for yourself grow a pair
User 1: i have a shield around me which filters the real things it's a real pass filter why jen you know she didn't then also you're asking her
User 2: tell divya to reply instead of forwarding na
User 1: she will reply when she's free you can't force them to reply jen you know what the problem is
User 2: and i'm nkt
User 1: you didn't feel what i felt
User 2: fair enough
User 1: you just don't know how to sympathize instead of making me comfortable you're just making everything soooooo difficult
User 2: first time with such an accusation seeing that my friends come to me when they have problems you said you forgot na you do that i'll handle everything else
User 1: because you can give them an unbiased opinion here you're being swayed by your emotions you can't see anything clearly you just didn't let me ever it was a horrible experience jen
User 2: okay dikshita. i'm done with you for the next few hours. please don't text me. i'm really not interested in this shelled dikshita.
User 1: fuck you
User 2: i know babu
User 1: it's all me you don't get parts of mr me you get full
User 2: bye
User 1: jenit stop it pls baby you know no one did anything don't bring it up only sriya texted saurak jenit pura spoil ho jaega
User 2: you only need wanted to know so i'm fulfilling your wised. careful what you wish for.
User 1: why are you doing this ? you should know you're hurting me a lot
User 2: show you the truth friends ke beech mai nothing should be hidden. nothing is now.
User 1: what is the new information you gained from this ?
User 2: i can't help it if divya didn't reply. i found out about upach and sriya
User 1: she will text you dw what? that they felt bad for me ? i knew that
User 2: no that sriya at least tried to stand up for you. and upaasana stood up to such a level that even her height laughs.
User 1: huh ? sriya spoke i know upach didn't i know
User 2: and others didn't.
User 1: ya now
User 2: did you know that before
User 1: can you please let it go yes
User 2: you never told me.
User 1: we will talk about this i didn't know confirm
User 2: but that's with everything, nothing new.
User 1: she normally clears stuff up so she would've spoken jaisa she's close to saurak na okay jen
User 2: too much you trust your "friends"
User 1: is this over already
User 2: off course not i will grow old with you and our babies
User 1: huh arre the fight
User 2: but there are stops
User 1: with mr me pls jen i have never felt so bad about anything you know they didn't do shit
User 2: fights not over
User 1: i told you they didn't
User 2: let them face the facts then regrets let them have it they deserve it
User 1: mat karo aise i will be legit left with no friends don't do
User 2: i won't do more with girls
User 1: you can recontinue this when you get back han okay
User 2: no i'm done with girls
User 1: with me also stop it
User 2: i'll just be fake to you then
User 1: i'm tired ya okay we will talk about this when you get back
User 2: i'm not being fake so we either fight
User 1: or?
User 2: or exchange just pictures till friday
User 1: let's do both then ok?
User 2: i don't have time to fight.
User 1: okay then just send pics
User 2: my sister is getting married and your stupidity is hindering me from having any fun
User 1: okay sorry go have fun nice
User 2: fuck it i'd rather fight than not talk
User 1: you blocked divya?
User 2: no
User 1: i have to get ready for lunch baby
User 2: ok
User 1: haan
User 2: i'm not even very pissed at you anymore because you've worn me out
User 1: ok
User 2: i'm just disappointed that you're not even understanding my pov
User 1: what to do more i understood
User 2: but you feel it's wrong.
User 1: i'm not supposed to talk to people who don't respect me there's nothing wrong in that but i didn't talk to them i was playing stock exchange
User 2: i explicitly told you no 414. remember how you came to me when you said that agrim removed me. and you go back again.
User 1: i don't care what he thinks if i want to play i will and i will defeat him and crush his ego in his own house it gives me so much satisfaction you don't know
User 2: you're 20. act like one.
User 1: no i'm five what will you do
User 2: how about you get one person. anyone to approve of your actions if you think i'm being unreasonable
User 1: omg divya
User 2: okay i'll ask
User 1: no not now pls her mom is here
User 2: fine
User 1: 12:20 you ask
User 2: okay
User 1: that time she will be free okk ooooohhh bridal dance you have to send full video of that tell them to make it soulfull no rock stuff and all
User 2: ya
User 1: brides are supposed to be graceful
User 2: thatbonky it is dilbaro
User 1: some brides do really weird dances oh great song selection
User 2: we have to do flash mob also during haldi https:www.buzzfeed.comhannahloewentheilorder-a-pizza-to-discover-what-nyc-borough-you-act?utmsourcedynamicutmcampaignbffbbuzzfeedtastyrefbffbbuzzfeedtasty i don't want to fight anymore  but you need to understand why you can't talk to them i'll forever be there next to you baby i love you so much baby
User 1: same thanks
User 2: i can kill for you
User 1: too much i love you too
User 2: i can't stand you getting disrespected moreover you going to the same person again actually not.
User 1: no too much
User 2: this is gareeb area jaan hai tu the dk was not just so that you can attend the wedding metaphysically it's my way of showing that you are the only person i need. i'm sorry for being rude. but i hope you understand everything i want you to understand.
User 1: awwwww ya i understood yesterday only yay bas from love to madness lol love you honey
User 2: nahi toh it's like a bland pasta spices toh dalna padega na
User 1: correct not too much very cute dance sweet she looks
User 2: i love you so much but i'm proud of myself that i was able to stay pissed at you for so long new record almost twelve hours woohoo
User 1: stupid acha btw only two brownies were left
User 2:  i'll take care of thay would you like to go for a dinner far away for valentine's
User 1: ok it's on sessional day
User 2: aiyo i forgot that when are sessionals
User 1: 14th to 19th
User 2: you said no one opened the door an
User 1: i want italian that's it
User 2: nevermind then
User 1: haan went upstairs to sarthaks place i had told him to bring it to class but he didn't come
User 2: ohh accha i'll talk
User 1: haan
User 2: i was planning cruise par dinner  shish
User 1: how the fuck howwww why you told simply you could've pushed to bday
User 2: arre par cruise should be available na pagal birthday i'll think i'll think
User 1: okk
User 2: dikshita gifts batao for one birthday
User 1: okay i will tell orange lipbalm babylips wala don't get confused many are available
User 2: aww
User 1: see the pattern it's for my collection this pattern ka whichever colour you like you can get red pink
User 2: you want thing that will be useful only na
User 1: i have the cotton candy flavour so don't get that
User 2: what pattern
User 1: haan i want only this shape of babylips not electro pop or the lamba stick jaisa ismein bottom left
User 2: you deleted this message these are too cheap ya you deleted this message what's your waist baby kahaaa
User 1: hi sorry sorry i was watching kwk twenty-seven it's actually twenty-six hopefully it'll be twenty-four in april then you can be like my girlfriend is thirty-six twenty-four thirty-six
User 2: aiyo this hahahahahha thirty-four twenty-four 36
User 1: nahi thirty-six hai shh
User 2: i'm not that lucky dikshita maybe when you become a typical old marwari fat aunty meri family bahut khilayegi today also so much i was fed
User 1: i'll not eat i know how to get past these aunties i'll just be like fast hai sorry and they will be like oh bhagwan waaaah
User 2: won't work everytime
User 1: good eat and come
User 2: phir shaddi karne nahi degr
User 1: kahe i'll not eat on my wedding day dude
User 2: lolll
User 1: something will fall on my dress not at all no no
User 2: all these things are good to think my sister ko pagalo ki tarah they are feedingn
User 1: i've thought since when not at all
User 2: learn to eat then what else
User 1: tell her to just go to sleep no salt
User 1: it will cause water retention beauty sleep is underrated not at all
User 2: you clearly don't know my fam no one will go easy on you
User 1: i'm going to the beach !!!!
User 2: don't you hate it who all whennnn you're scam  beach where are you
User 1: thirty lakhs is a horrible salary no jk good one malpe bus
User 2: start mai you don't even get that who all how come you're going? some event at the beach?
User 1: no divya sriya anjali
User 2: eat corn
User 1: divyas moment mom
User 2: ohhh get tattoo tell divya also to get temo
User 1: hehe probaby not
User 2: arre what will you do then you don't like sand also
User 1: pakoda bhutta
User 2: oo send i want to see dude my muslim friends really like the jain food
User 1:  ok lots of pics we will take that's mad
User 2: send everything chehra dekhna hai aapka
User 1: okay i will send i'm wearing my shades
User 2: smartyyyy then why did you go in bus noob 
User 1: with everyone bus only
User 2: true true chalo send pics when you can dude i'm at jijus place and my practice is starting at my place but i can't go there i'll take time rip and that the weakest dance ohhh sunsetttt it's looks nice ya good good stylist lag rahe ho ekdum wah arre send your pictures iska kya karu
User 1: lol sriya ka phone
User 2: for pics?
User 1: yaa my phone is one dabba
User 2: why  so marwari veryyyy but so cute looking
User 2: dim pretending to text in the play rn while texting you lol
User 1: waaaaah
User 2: thank god i will not have lift aashi after tomorrow jeez so bar bad
User 1: why she's light na ?
User 2: but it gets inappropriate. i want only your boobs shoved in my face i shy but tomorrow she'll be wearing proper dress so it shouldnt be that bad
User 1: lolllllllllllll cray that's all you'll get of other women's boobs enjoy it while you can jen it's fine boobs should be appreciated no pls don't i jk
User 2: nooo
User 1: yesss
User 2: shi altho
User 2: you're forgetting bachelor trip exactly
User 1: nnnooooo you can't do anything i will go to check
User 2:   you're not supposed to share you bachelor or bachelorette trios trips with spouse
User 1: nooo all this will not happen i know what happens
User 2: yep tell what do you think happrns in bachelor party man i just came home and in ten i have to go to jijus place for this traditional thing basically calling them something
User 1: they call strippers to give lap dance and then the groom does naughty with different girls and drink alcohol and smoke and all and they don't tell the bride sounds good
User 2: nooooo who saiddddd no it's tiring https:www.scoopwhoop.comindian-brides-wearing-sneakers?refsocialtypefbb0 it's too late for this wedding but ours for sure you also have to subeh jon len padarjo sa
User 1: no lol
User 2: yes yes has
User 1: eh?
User 2: you have to sneaker
User 1: okk i will decide lol good should be hey dikshita, i'm not completely woke about all the things that have been happening but i thought that parth, you and i were always as we were last night. i thought it was just the lack of opportunities to meet up, that we didn't hang out as much. i apologise if it felt like we didn't support you in the whole anirudh business. but we did, when we met him we talked about it, i mean i felt that he has to at least apologise and try to make up. i admit that i don't have answers for a lot of things.
User 2: tell him it's all me and comment about sriyas screenshots. that if twenty isn't old enough to know what's molestation and what's not then you legally belong behind the bars. this is your only turn to keep your firm standn don't fuck it up by being diplomatic
User 1: aiyo you talk directly
User 2: give his number
User 1: don't drag me into this
User 2: i'll be as polite as possible i promise
User 1: i don't want to get involved
User 2: fair enough im on the fenceeeee
User 1: as in ?
User 2: like i'm not sure that i should restart. skill laid to rest should stay there but then seems interesting about this p dude they didn't accept the cover we took but then gave my brother and i 5k each i love weddings lol
User 1: you should but like there's no number and the poster looks pretty old tbh wahhh you have to tell take take like that
User 2: yeah then they called my dad and said that in ritual girls side doesn't give. my dad knew that but can't go empty handed na lol
User 1:  how's it going ?
User 2: wait let me sort my wifi
User 1: baba aap angry mat ho okay call me back jenit please call naaaa i won't send screenshots
User 2: send screenshot
User 1: you will scold me
User 2: send now
User 1: one two three you're embarrassing yourself i didn't do anything
User 2: i'm saying over there don't talk and you're here saying i want everything to be normal
User 1: you just text him saying dikshita doesn't have the courage or the heart to say that you suck don't cry jen i'll do what you say she's not that strong and she's never going to be
User 2: tell me what have i done to you that you're going telling 3rd people that oh whatever jenit is saying fuck that. you listen to me. that also after saying you talk to him i don't wanna be involved if you didn't wanna be then you would have kept your phone side mao
User 1: he texted me i didn't know what to do i thought i should say something to diffuse the situation i don't know okay
User 2: you're diffusing my joy and vaporizing my image. thank you. best girlfriend ever.
User 1: jen you know i'm over it
User 2: this is also one of my problems. it's just that you're too stubborn and stupid to see it.
User 1: i can't carry grudges throughout my life you saw na you spoke to the girls kya hua kisine kuch bola
User 2: girls ka tumko dekhna chaiye.
User 1: maine sabka dekha jen
User 2: tumhe problem nahi hai if your own friends don't stand up for you during such a time what can i say.
User 1: kisine kuch nahi kiya
User 2: when it comes to guys i will handle it.
User 1: aapne kiya mujhe pata hai
User 2: thanks for paying me back in such a way
User 1: i can't treat people differently if they're girls or guys na this is not about you jen
User 2: girls i can't say anything because they are your only block friends. honestly i will be very fake to divya also from now
User 1: all my friends are bad then toh according to you
User 2: upaasana i never cared also not according to me.
User 1: haan exactly divya ne kya bola pata hai na aapko
User 2: according to any sane person no
User 1: usne bola i was not there in the room so i can't make any judgement saurak ne kya bola vahi jo divya ne bola because no one cares jen and i know this what are you feeling bad about imagine what i'm going through i know no one has my back except you now what do i do i have two options don't talk to them
User 2: don't say that i got over it then you're being self contradictory
User 1: no no i have been through this in the last semester itself now i know to keep my expectations low don't break my friendship with divya jenn i know one person is enough but i'm not there yet jen i know you're feeling bad
User 2: wont
User 1: ok
User 2: but i'm going to be very fake with her.
User 1: i told you don't include everyone
User 2: and we'll still go on triple dates
User 1: don't be no need
User 2: so that your friendship is intact.
User 1: jen people make mistakes no one is perfect babu
User 2: i know. the way you embarrassed me today was surely a mistake
User 1: they all made the same mistake
User 2: let's hope you learn
User 1: you should not have involved everyone. i told you this yesterday itself. i told you that you were embarrassing me. that you were hurting me but nothing no mercy you didn't stop at all aapne kyun bola aise ki you don't want to date me toh don't
User 2: won't be for long marriage mai time hai tab tak chala lo
User 1:  good save
User 2: they should be embarrassed. you have nothing to be embarrassed
User 1: no you can't do that
User 2: you were the victim
User 1: you can't make me feel stuff i don't or vice versa no jen
User 2: kisi ka baap nahi rok sakta hai
User 1: i'm right and i know it you should've spoken to me
User 2: what stuff
User 1: before involving them as in you can't make me not feel embarrassed when i do
User 2: accha. but divya se i'm talking now on gossip only
User 1: okay
User 2: you better hold your texting.
User 1: don't kick me out ok you should talk to pranu about this not these guys she doesn't know anything so you will have to tell her from the start leave divya jen she doesn't have an opinion
User 2: what will we hey out of that let her say it out explicitly.
User 1: you will get satisfaction why
User 2: i don't know anything about divyas opinion
User 1: i'm telling you na she doesn't i just spoke to jenit.
User 2: that she'll say that yes dikshita shouldnt have gone to 414?
User 1: she will say what useless friends then both of you can establish that all my friends are horrible who are you talking to
User 2: sahil
User 1: huh why
User 2: that will give me satisfaction but my point her is to get your justice and to (forcefully till the point that you wanna break up with me) keep you away from the people who have wronged you. you are a stupid child who goes to wrong things, it is literally job as a boyfriend (father away from home) to keep you guarded. theres not a single soul who can stop me from doing that hence i shall cross all boundaries to make sure you are safe and guarded.
User 1: i'll be safe but damn lonely jen
User 2: much better than to hang out with snakes.
User 1: last semester you only told me go talk go talk
User 2: you chill with your class ones without booze and the girls i won't say anything because then you'll be in safe zone.
User 1: this semester
User 2: to whom
User 1: you're like don't hang out girls
User 2: nooooo never i meant i won't be trusting any of them except sriya you're free to do what you want with the girls. divya, i want her to say that she didn't do shit then i'll remove the fake me
User 1: ok if i say don't do it will you listen
User 2: confront her?
User 1: you shouldn't break friendships like this jen i've worked very hard to build them
User 2: tu nanga hi toh aaya hai kya ghanta leke jayega
User 1: what
User 2: how is it affecting your friendship with her i won't even shout
User 1: i'm going to go talk to pranu
User 2: i'll just be like thanks for honesty about whag
User 1: about how you've gone mad i want to go for counseling dude you're making me also crazy
User 2: fine explain everything unbiasedly and say what
User 1: that you're mad
User 2: how my bf is over protective about my gf with the people who didn't stand for her when she needed i will love to see what the counselor says
User 1: and understand why none of my friends are good
User 2: matlab?
User 1: i don't have any good friends my class people toh i only won't count cause they're time pass first year friends are no more girls didn't stand up for me over three sets of friends i had
User 2: you should give my friends a shot.
User 1: all bad or i just get over what they did like i already have everyone deserves a second chance jen i gave you three chances in second sem because i knew there was something worth waiting for same with these guys maybe there is something worth waiting for
User 2: second semester was hookup please. but thanks.
User 1: han but you were my friend only na
User 2: fair point
User 1: and you were hurting me na but i knew that it's fine cause in the end
User 2: but for me they are done. hence i'm telling you to do what you wish with the girls but i need to clear it out.
User 1: something nice will happen
User 2: i love you .
User 1: why won't you listen to me
User 2: chup chap read what she's saying
User 1: ok
User 2: stop typing.
User 1: ok sorry
User 2: jeez you can't control yourself.
User 1: cause you didn't ask my opinion it's the same as everyone else's you didn't even attempt to understand my side every
User 2: because i already know it. you're a forgive and forget person that will be the end of you remember
User 1: lol naturals mango i want
User 2: cool five days
User 1: ya come back bas
User 2: no harm done? you good ? hello?
User 1: hello you're fine with divya's pov? mine is also same let him be where he is
User 2: you will never know
User 1: simply i won't waste my time scolding him
User 2: you're not talking only
User 1: okay so you have problem with who and all now
User 2: upasaana s p (divya ka i won't tell you)
User 1: okay upach you shouldn't be she says first whenever she feels bad about something someone said even with agrim she said and even with nethraa she said
User 2: fine then only s and p
User 1: upasana was there in manipal when the entire anirudh thing happened i spoke to her and all ya
User 2: what did she sau
User 1: she's like what an ass but she didn't know what to do after that no one did
User 2: shes a kid. fair enough
User 1: for me it's not fair enough ?
User 2: not no one. who am i dating also dikshita i need to make you understand we are one team one we affect each other
User 1: no i will make you understand i'm the team leader you have to listen to me if we don't have same views then you have to listen to me
User 2: not in such cases. you don't know half of anything. lol no
User 1: then we have to come to a conclusion then you can involve other people first at least you should make sure we're on the same ground
User 2: and i need you to stop going behind my back and doing things and then telling me oops i did this. i will not tolerate that even one more time. recently only you did it tons of times. i need to able to blindly trust my gf. otherwise relationship isn't worth it. so on this front, i'm completely saturated, i don't know what will happen next time you go behind my back. you are always on the wrong one
User 1: so you have to talk to me maybe the wrong one is the right one we will talk about this over pizza
User 2: stfu
User 1: on friday
User 2: what
User 1: anyways period rahega no you haven't listened at all
User 2: did it start
User 1: this entire argument you only screamed at me
User 2: have
User 1: and didn't listen to what i wanted to say no
User 2: bexause you went behind my back.
User 1: oops
User 2: chup
User 1: you didn't listen to me when i told you to shut up if you don't listen i will also not listen i will fight petty with petty
User 2: whatever the case might be, i will not tolerate you going behind my back ever again. i will not have my trust broken again. on that front, our relationship is not the strongest currently so be careful. when man. yesterday with girls?
User 1: yes
User 2: i've realized that we fight about the same things is because when we initially fight, i always cave in and the issue remains unsolved. and since we fight about very very limited things, thank god, might as well clear it for good and that's what i did see again i'm putting you our relationship first. i need you to give me equal support by being honest
User 1: haw when i lived lied
User 2: delayed truth is only so much better than lying dikshita. post post i'm tired of the delayed truth and you acting like a solo player. can't deal with these two at all zero tolerance
User 1: arre then i won't get to play games solo cause you didn't talk to me before talking to everyone else and so obviously conflict of opinion hoga
User 2: i'll play or girls or class people if they don't cut into my time
User 1: okay i don't mind
User 2: rn saurak thing also
User 1: ya you knew i didn't feel the same way i told you to talk if he texts me i will say what i think is right na how is it my fault
User 2: toh tell me you're texting him so that i can tell the right things or that you can tell the right things. you embarrassed me then you told be to text them why would you team player bano nahi toh baki sab ki tarah single raho i know what i want you decide what you want whether you like it or not, your life is intertwined with mine, your decisions directly affect me. abhi insult karna hai toh karlo. but i don't want to be in such a relationship
User 1: cause you didn't listen when i said don't and then i gave up arre
User 2: not them, i meant only saurak today
User 1: you're not understanding me only
User 2: i'm not
User 1: even i said for saurak also i didn't give you number in the morning but no you want to text everyone and make the entire thing so public even i was embarrassed
User 2: it would have been less if at least we looked like a team. you spoiled that too but
User 1: since when the fuck have you started to threaten me saying that you dont want to be in the relationship i was embarrassed before you you disregarded my feelings completely throughout the entire thing
User 2: i don't threaten in such things. if i wanted to break up i would have. and the reason i'm bringing breaking up for the first time ever in three years is because i never thought you could break my trust so often. especially when i'm away
User 1: break your trust about what told you what i was doing
User 2: you're right delayed truth and contradicting me with saurak.
User 1: that is not break of trust
User 2: and i'm sorry for that but i just had to clear everything out because as j said, unsolved issues lead to our recurrent fights. it is.
User 1: no it's not i went to play stock exchange i didn't go to become chaddi buddies
User 2: embarrassing me in front of others by contradicting me and delayed truth especially about the things i'm sensitive about
User 1: contradict nahi kiya maine my view is different from yours
User 2: i said to stay away and you said i want it to be normal.
User 1: you embarrassed me first arre ?
User 2: toh you fucking tell me so i can phrase my messages right. thanks for the petty revenge then i guess
User 1: i told you, you didnt listen you legit said your view is shit i'm not going to give any bhaav to it so then deal with the consequences jenit. no how is your embarassment greater than mine don't behave as if i did anything wrong i know i didn't
User 2: i did it frontnof your friends, you didn't it in front of my for. foe great
User 1: all i'm doing is fighting for you even though i don't completely agree
User 2: thanks for not acknowledgjng us as a team. you would be helping me if you did this. yet you didn't.
User 1: you're not acknowledging us as a team
User 2: go outside and talk
User 1: you think it's better to talk to other people to get their view first before clearing everything with me charge no jenit so many mistakes you've made
User 2: we we're fighting about your friends also so why not clear with them
User 1: you didn't acknowledge my feelings
User 2: you don't even see yours i acknowledge this mistake you're not even ready to acknowledge yours
User 1: this is the entire problem okay fine i will say that i did what i did. but so what i told yoy that i went after all the bull shit i knew was going to come my way
User 2: omg youre not even ready to understand my point avout the delayed truth.
User 1: are you trying to tell me that it would've been better if i would have told you i'm going, then you would've said no don't go and i would've said no i want to play stock exchange i'm going anyway. no i understood
User 2: you probably wouldn't have done. no you didn't.
User 1: no i want to play stock exchange
User 2: everything you understood recently you later contradicted it.
User 1: yes i did
User 2: and i want an honest girlfriend.
User 1: why you said to break up i'm so upset
User 2: i said you break up with me if you wanna treat me this way because i dont like it.
User 1: no you said again three times total
User 2: this? because this is one of the worst youve hurt me since the time i know you.
User 1: at least i acknowledge your feelings
User 2: so if you want to hurt itna, at least have to courtesy to break up with me. because gf hurting so much is not acceptable and fuck up everything else because you're not being a team player.
User 1: just imagine
User 2: nahi chaiye team mai toh boldo bas
User 1: just one thing that i did is giving you so much bt everything you have done against my wishes since yesterday
User 2: was with your friends.
User 1: that i wasn't a team player
User 2: even sriya is was like chup dikshita when you said you were embarrassed
User 1: don't give that useless point friends is even worse than foe
User 2: it's actually my main point. you see who you're talking to and then decide how to talk. so you'd rather fight in front of saurak than sriya?
User 1: it's not like you and saurak are going to talk no i'd rather not fight at all
User 2: exactly, and you're still embarrassjng me.
User 1: you played a dirty game jenit and now you're shifting the blame to me
User 2: well i will till you start being honest with me.
User 1: i don't lie, i'm not a liar.
User 2: yesterday also i kept telling you about delayed truth are you deaf. delayed fucking truth
User 1: is not a low
User 2: never called you a liar.
User 1: lie
User 2: yeah but i don't want it.
User 1: you said i wasn't honest
User 2: i want on the spot.
User 1: i thought i was doing the right thing by telling you
User 2: dishonest  delayed truth okay fuxking jesus christ what you understood i yoj only know next time tell before doing. when you find out about something, tell me then not after two hours when everything is over
User 1: i didn't tell you cause i know you would have said no and i wanted to play stock exchange and the only option i had left was to play and then tell you
User 2: okay dikshita. i'm tired of your bs excuses and reasons.
User 1: you don't care at all
User 2: you're clearly not capable of getting anything vital to your side of the arguement
User 1: you're just angry
User 2: i'm not angry anymore
User 1: you're not even being able to talk
User 2: not since past 40isb mins
User 1: go go you also go away from my life will that make you happy jen
User 2: i'm not going anywhere baby
User 1: will you be happy you can tell everyone
User 2: no it will make me sad. very sad.
User 1: i broke up with my girlfriend because she wanted to play stock exchange go tell everyone this
User 2: three years are not gonna go because of a game
User 1: then it will be nothing but stupidity
User 2: exactly
User 1: they will say what a fo he threw away a perfect relationship cause his girlfriend got molested and he couldn't handle his her feelings fool  is this what you want they will do say you're a fool and a mad boy your gf felt so guilty that she told you
User 2: okay forget everything. i need to sleep so let's wrap this up. ps
User 1: go to sleep let's wrap it up right here good night
User 2: these are the two of the few most important things for me in our relationship no you answer.
User 1: wait avyayaan aaryan advait kairav kanishk kayaan keyan kiaan kiash krishav aaryaksh vairaan vihaan vivaan avyan yavyaan   vaanya no i ending names for girls they're usually stupid vidushi for example praniti for example vivyaan even better
User 2: i'm scarred by this name so no kate hi nahi he'll feel bad when he finds out that you were almost named that na scarred already looks like a chut ex wali aashis nephews name so no eh no shi coolish very religiousish sounds like an ancient weapon why not my cousin no idm you're just trying too hard now sounds too made up nothing from viv except charle's vivian
User 1: chi you don't like any names so much research i did avyan is okay aaryan is not okay just one letter difference is there
User 2: so pronunciation is pura diff i'm supervising the luggage ttyl
User 1: found the window they didn't fix
User 2: what
User 1: they didn't fix the window na where the shooting happened
User 2: mark and show i don't know ha ohh dad allowed me to travel with friends hehe i showed all these people the dk
User 1: awwwww andddd
User 2: shailly and aafreen were like awwwww. guys just made fun
User 1: noo it's aww only guys are stupid you're my cutie
User 2: none of these guys are dating na chodo na
User 1: how can i not have a sangeet i love dancing
User 2: hume toh accha laga
User 1: haaaaaaan
User 2: matlab
User 1: sangeet  wedding  mehendi  maayra  reception for my wedding celebration you have to attend only sangeet wedding and reception i will do my bride dance mom and i will do one odissi number
User 2: yours it seems okay perfect
User 1: haan pranu and all will do all the extra things
User 2: does she dance
User 1: yessssssss everyone dances aiyiooo my family is full dancing family my period came
User 2: good. everyone will dance for your wedding celebrations ha wooohooooo chalo wedding go well
User 1: lolllll you only don't want all these functions huh keep sending pics
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: that's pretty cool
User 2: jheal's room is bigger than mine and just one more person fmo
User 1: i'm missing it dude now i'm sad
User 2: i'll shown you villa from inside in a biy too good
User 1: okk what's the next function
User 2: halfi
User 1: send pics
User 2: 10kbsteps done
User 1: looking good
User 2: aashi is wearing very racy clothes i'll sjownwait bapre sahil can't find a project he's like let's split and go in groups with two people rip
User 1: aiyooo
User 2: i'm having so much fun miss you
User 1: me too cute send moreeee the bride is enjoying so much dude i love it
User 2: yeahhh sab pressure bhainis takinh 14k steps done
User 1: lol send pics and you will get some
User 2: rn toh eithbfriendsb wahh no naughty here
User 1: okk
User 2: i'm sharing room with friends
User 1: lolllllll okk
User 2: parents worse talk to me i'm scared
User 1: i'm toh very excited have fun baby send video i want to see you're toh looking so nice
User 2: yeah but i'm scaredddd
User 1: send jheal ka picture
User 2: ik
User 1: eh nothing
User 2: even i haven't seen her
User 1: you'll enjoy yourself ooooooohhh pretty go see her send picture  i love weddings i want all
User 2: i legit did send everything
User 1: i want more
User 2: but let her come
User 1:  send send surrounding ka picture food and all what jen
User 2: i'm barely eating food lol
User 1: haan you will drop
User 2: i feel like pooping under pressure you jnow
User 1: no need to eat eh go dance
User 2: watching video to practice
User 1: send more pics !!! for my class treat for our night out ? this is whatever
User 2: get all four 3
User 1: aiyo ooooooooooh extra
User 2: don't text now love you byeee dikshitas i fucking killed it
User 1: arre wah
User 2: in all my dances just one step wrongn
User 1: i knew it
User 2: and acting on point
User 1: you're my perfect baby
User 2: and no awkward tit momentn
User 1: send video!!!
User 2: woohooo yeppp
User 1: lol hehe do you love the adrenaline ???
User 2: the only problem was that the stage is bigger than anticipated
User 1: oooh
User 2: so dialogues were a bit off
User 1: it's looking khali kya? oh acha send na !!!
User 2: friends have them wait
User 1: i've done my waiting. fourteen years of it. in azkaban !!
User 2: hi baby sangeet just got over
User 1: how it was??
User 2: too good
User 1: waaah jheal ka pic
User 2: jheal and jiju had a shadow type dance they messed that up with coordination but performed beautiful
User 1: haha wah nice your mom's?
User 2: they toh were too good dad was full josh mai but she's crying now lol
User 1: aww haan tomorrow only na wedding i want to see you've made me blind jen
User 2: he's not sending only dude i have to tell you something funny i'll video call wait
User 1: chi not funny it's damn cuteeee
User 2:  i'm telling you i'll stay away only shi jheal's kid's fua and mama  game of thrones acting bro i was imagining this as an audition jheal like send your vids to dikshita she will have to be impressed bhejta hu
User 1: hahahahah senddddddd and don't text let me enjoy the videos who is the second guy from left ? damn nice dress dude keep sending pics baby 
User 2: awww going for after party lol apparently they are short in booze
User 1: aww sad it's fine make drinks dude your mom's dance is chest cutest  
User 2: i told me first cousins about you today everyone is like bahut time baki hai. and i said jheal and parents know it's serious serious. so then they accept how much alcohol they made me have her kaka kaki were mast smoking in the side also they said you were way out of me league lol
User 1: hahaha aww baby go to sleep omf gone beauty sleep jenit it's important i feel your parents will be angry who her ? why this you said nahi hai alc everyone says this only ask them how they define leagues next time i'm sure their answer will be wrong and stupid there is a phrase that i'm working on eliminating from my vocabulary, and it's one that we all use too frequently. when analyzing the potential compatibility between ourselves and a suitor, oftentimes, the "he's out of my league" excuse comes into play. he (or she) is too tall, too attractive, too smart, too funny, too ambitious or just too plain awesome to be interested in you, right? wrong. i've come to the realization that no one is truly "out of my league," and here's why. when someone says that you can say this simply harassing my boy no need to listen to all this
User 2: yepppppp let's hope they don't find out grooms side i meant their hehe thankss
User 1: sahoo didn't come for assignment test i texted on the group saying it's there easy peasy
User 2: i just read the long messages wah kya bola meri ranii i love you so much. but i'm a humble brag when drunk must show you off hehe bhabhi went through your insta mast laga unko hehe and she know alipore is a posh area sort
User 1: lol ya tell her we live rich and with a lotttt of space this bombay is a problem dude it's fine at least dates will be fun hehe pls let them think i have blue eyes heheh good i like bragging yes that also i like i'm scared my instagram is good only like that sort toh hamesha tha cookie send pics send pics jen i want to see the party why you're pissing them off your dad is damn cute dude he was in one corner in that mom dad wala dance doing his steps loll
User 2: especially that picture where you're wearing red in front of nlh don't call me that jinkeshs entire family and friends calls him thay i didn't have my phone today sorry pool party na kitna they threw me in the pool maza aaya too funnnn haaa dude apparently all the people are having good food mujhe milta hi nahi mint green one dikshita you're not seeing my dance onlun
User 1: awww cooks aww i had lab it's looking nice let me get back then i'll see yours awwww so nice waaaaah
User 2: acting ka no videos let the final thing comeb
User 1:  jen yours is best among all your family even jheal
User 2: what is best
User 1: dance i saw so many times so nice you're looking spectacle less i don't think it'll be better than our dabeli
User 2: this is panini my brother had dabeli he said it's very nice good food in this hotel
User 1: toooooo pretty i love it
User 2: sachi naaa i'll send better pic later
User 1: haaaan remove nazar
User 2: diddd
User 1: goooood gorgeous jen today is iaeste ka last day everything yours is done na something left ? then tell
User 2: i didn't upload all proofs be free for the next hour important
User 1: okk some work ? shaadi done ? or only varmala done ?
User 2: both i shed few tears hehe not cause sad she just look fucking beautiful
User 1: yaaaa i can see it dude awww it's okay babay
User 2: i'll cry during our wedding also hahahah and wee are not keeping a pandit forsure
User 1: hahaha then who will do baby you cried ? aw haan i called it what's going on ? marriage done ?
User 2: yess walk in reception now
User 1: huh as in ?
User 2: so that it gets done faster basically large ground where families can have dinner
User 1: congratulations !!!!!!!!
User 2: and jiju and jheal will go on each table and meet and pics
User 1: how you feel ???
User 2: thank youuuu ecstatic af
User 1:  hehe mom is fine?
User 2: i'm so content she cried during wedding but not after as far as i know we set mayur up with aashis childhood friend he hasn't been with anyone
User 1: ooooooohhh
User 2: but he's going hard at it for her
User 1: that's cute
User 2: we're too proud
User 1: hehe send pics oho jheal changed nice nice go in the pic slept kya baby?
User 2: sorry hiii low battery so didn't check
User 1: hiii it's fine
User 2: such a nice day
User 1: how's it going
User 2: mayur got her number
User 1: aww haha
User 2: but aashi herself said that she's a hoe
User 1: aiyo tell about the wedding !!!!
User 2: i'm like its fine. first love is supposed to be heart break i'm tired and high baby. kal bolu please! ?
User 1: haha okay i'll sleep then love you sweetie 
User 2: goodnight 
User 1: goodnight    
User 2: https:youtu.beavtuiluiovc forward all the wedding things to checker s 5k to most and 11k to few fucking hell
User 1: omg omg topper boy already done baby wedding gift na have you gone back to bombay ? send tumhara aashi ka dance video jen for my shit thing can i go with kshitij immediately after class
User 2: okayy nahi hai rukooo if my parents get i'll forward dude bully kiya tha i lost some first cousin auntie's s portable especially the ones who gossip dad will be mad her legit first step was only wrong i guided her properly. man handled her  i toh decided soo many that are not gonna be invited for our weddingn because of their behavior and some because of the back bitching we are bitching about everyone loll we're leaving the hotel now so sad funnnn
User 1: waaaah jenit guiding and all very nice i like it learn learn arre they don't come for the second child's wedding dude the crowd will be half in ours cause both of us are second children dude your sister ka they did so much yours toh will be bombbbb girls ka shaadi normally not so dhoom dhaam se i also things i wantdon't want funn
User 2: because the girls family has more work i'm surprised that you didn't know that girls family always has more work and have to pay way more than guys why do you think sex reveal is not allowed? villagers get it aborted if it's girl because kharcha lol arre these people live in my building itself. and like this wedding is the first thing ever that we've done without their help dada thinks they know too much so he never took dad seriously. all the big management things dad, jijus dad and all of dad's friends and masas did i felt so good the only thing they had to do that was thoda major was call the dhol in mumbai and that also came 1.5 hours late lol so fuck them while coming back they started the aashi topic again and i tried to talk in marwari and by mistake i said that i don't mind  so everyone is like kal hi bhet jata jheal ke saath teri bhi karalete so my mom's side is damn cool so i told them about my small wedding so my usa wali aunt is like iska problem nahi hoga. manipal se dhung ke lalega humko less work i'm like true dat so intially we had decided to get cars inside ferries and then guests can drive till the hotel so they built the entire area that's the bridge for cars to leave ferry but project shut down because ships would touch the seabed whatta waste
User 1: that's pretty sick. my dad had two daughters katti lollllll are you serious why jinks didn't pay or what for wedding so legit guys side come party and take the girl also? no regrets it's like they're the guests then guest list should be decided by the girls side then won't call any people no party for guys side pretty sick
User 2: like the informal logic is that guy family has to provide for you for life so something like that kinda makes sense no offense but in today's zamana the relationship between in laws and bahu is informal so eh pehle it was just for the sake of it eh they paid 20 ish percent out of everything since the start of functions last year wait 30 sangeet is guy's but since it was included in wedding they kinda had to chip in my dad said eighty twenty they said no seventy thirty  dudeee jijus dad is toooo calm and collected and organized so the number of guests from their side and all was no problem. they didn't have to negotiate or anything our guests were more than theirs' obviously
User 1: wah thanks haan you're already taking the girl
User 2: arre how to explain  it made a big enough difference dude. and it's better than foreign culture parents have to fight to decide who pays for whay
User 1: correct
User 2: aiming to pay as less as possible so it's hard padhooo baby my battery is low and the charger is coming by tempo fb text unblock on fb da
User 1: i deleted it cause you for whatsapp
User 2: download battery low
User 1: i'm playing pubg cause forty minutes waiting time charge might finish
User 2: aiyo how much keft
User 1: 20
User 2: awww chal text me after you reach the block
User 1: okk
User 2: you deleted this message our daughter's wedding would have been absolutely incomplete without your presence. words cannot express the joy that we feel knowing that you shared the beginning of our daughters new life together. we are grateful to you for attending our daughters wedding and for the blessings that you have sent our ways. thank you for making it a remarkable day in her life.
User 1: our daughter's wedding festivities would have been incomplete without your presence. words cannot express the joy and gratitude that we feel knowing that you shared the beginning of her new life with us. we are grateful to you for attending the marriage and for the love and blessings that you have sent our way. we are indebted to you for making this special day in her life even more momentous by your presence. eat and text
User 2: hi
User 1: hiiii  do you like or this ? fanta
User 2: hey! join me on fynd and earn rs. 1,000 signup bonus. use my code 7piabg and get rs. 10,000 instantly  earn upto rs. 1,000,000. 400 fashion brands to choose from! for harshit? wait not for your baby this is nice do you want me to ask you your thoughts about a birthday dress like i'll gigenyoun options and you tell good or bad or surpriseb
User 1: for me depends on if you know my taste there are things i won't wear and all idk if you want to gift a dress you should pass it through someone maybe pranu she knows
User 2: not a dress dress some for like normal wear and some good enough for egg factory nothing hashtag level samjhe?
User 1: ya got it idk thought i shy
User 2: it's fine don't be rachel thanks
User 1: hehe okay i like anything you give baby just like something i don't already have
User 2: why will i give you if youbhave
User 1: hehe smart boy
User 2: twenty-one gifts toh nahi hoge
User 1: haha it's fine baby
User 2: man i'm not getting notifications only fucking hell i feel handicapped i have to open whatsapp to see
User 1: aiyo change the setting !!
User 2: haan did i didn't know when it got changed i'm backing up dad's phone full memory lol and now soo many pics will come na
User 1: oooooooh send send i want to see
User 2: dikshita i miss jheal
User 1: aiyo  how's mom though
User 2: i walked in her room and i felt the void
User 1:  do you want to call me?
User 2: too busy rn. emotions will come in a week no i'm sad
User 1: do you want me to divert your mind ?
User 2: it's like i'm the only kid now i just wanna sleep
User 1: you're not don't worry she's only a little distance away she'll always be your older sister my nani used to tell me you know, when my mom left she used to hear her phantom singing around the house.
User 2: i'll wake my mom up and tell her to sleep with me
User 1: okay don't leave your dad alone he will be feeling damn sad too
User 2: he slept in jheal room
User 1:  okay
User 2: i'm sleeping with mom
User 1: okay honey
User 2: hello i feel better now
User 1: okayyy good function today
User 2: do you want to see the jewellery we are giving her? you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message
User 1: aiyo now send don't do like this jen pls 
User 2: arre the quality was bad so i deleted then when i was taking again dad said go have a bath because we have to go do something jheal and jiju are coming na they were writing the prices of each and every thing woh bhi miss hogaya
User 1: cute nice you're looking post something you toh
User 2: let me get more pics from all functions thoda
User 1: i won't get to see the jewellery i think
User 2: i'll try my best baby   sorry they packed it
User 1: aiyioo just send the bad picw jen whyyyyy so divya had surgery today so just text her once she had a sudden skin condition which became damn bad so then we went to dermatology opd but they said too much time it will take with meds so then surgery send aaj ka function ka pics
User 2: there's no function just lunch and giving jewellery
User 1: acha okk nice jewelry
User 2: jheal ki aarti they are doing modern enough for you na
User 1: jewellery
User 2: although i saw one box of swarovski huh
User 1: spelling error haan good good hehe i liked it
User 2: this is uk spelling i think
User 1: damn cute no sindoor and all ? that choori which you have to wear ? how you feel your sister is married and all ?
User 2: nothing hogaya in alibaug
User 1: acha okk
User 2: part of life i was happy during the weddingn
User 1: haan
User 2: not very happy rn
User 1: arre see how happy your sister is she's smiling so nicely
User 2: during this game jijus dadi was like mera beta jitna chaiye and all his aunt's were in jijus side
User 1:  your sister is competitive i like it
User 2: dadi will die soon. so fuck her lol
User 1: lol what game ?? you have to find the ring is it?
User 2: ha
User 1: hehe it's okay i'll let you find it and then take it from you
User 2: sending more videos waiittt
User 1: hehe okay so cute dude i love these games for intimacy i think ice breakers love it great fun
User 2: she has jacuzzi in her room in south mumbai too goodd
User 1: who she? you're playing all these games in jinks' place?
User 2: jheal
User 1: omg
User 2: i'm at her sasural only two
User 1: are you serious
User 2: what are you making tell yessss
User 1: where in south bombay
User 2: it's between parel and lalbaug fifteen mins from my place
User 1: cool cool great dude closet space show
User 2: you see the door i opened?
User 1: haan bathroom na
User 2: no, that's walk in closet, and inside the door for bathroom
User 1: ohhh pretty cool niceeeee this is fun dude
User 2: i saw 1.53 cr ja jewellery we gave
User 1: it's damn nice good should happen just imagine this will happen for my sister and then nothing left for me
User 2: haha dw, my dad will never retire like my dada even after so many health problems and dimensia he still goes to office at least 3-4 times
User 1: aiyoo lol no it's fine i am thinking of saving to buy my wedding ka lehenga so i really like this designer anita dongre so i casually commented on a pic of a lehenga which i liked price please karke so i got a pm 6,80,000 i was like whatttt
User 2: know her
User 1: i thought only sabyasachi went till that much
User 2: i have been to her thing. no sense spending for plain ckithes
User 1: you're mad
User 2: and no sabyasachi for our wedding
User 1: why ?
User 2: mom is like waste of money. they don't know anything they went for jheals lehenga first there
User 1: aiyooooo those are my favourite designers i knew this clash of taste is going to happen 100 but then what your mom says will happen
User 2: mom and sis and her saas were just disappointed with their things
User 1: so it's peace omg jenit noooo
User 2: thank god you know
User 1: i love their clothes
User 2:  on other people
User 1: no on me
User 2: when you actually wear it it might not suit
User 1: lol everything suits me how is this plain for a mehendi or a haldi how is it plain how look at the work it's so maheen
User 2: i toh directly asked her saas that is it compulsory for her to sleep here because i wanna chill with her then they discussed so it's today she can decide tomorrow se udhar and then day after ice land so even jiju will sleep at my place maheen?
User 1: fine that's pretty cute
User 2: and i didn't see lehengas. i saw normal kurtis that went up to 60k
User 1: acha okk
User 2: they actually insisted me to stay at their place.
User 1: why you didn't go ?
User 2: but i was like i na i have a flight. and if i had said yes and if i shouldn't have dad would be pissed need to say right things with these people na dude jheals lehenga you see like wait for the photographer's pics youll be able to zoom and see mast hoga they'll upload everything on google drive sort
User 1: i've seen tell the price no no i've seen it dw i went on the site and all listen i wear damn sober indian clothes you give me five necklaces i'll wear all
User 2: that was just the framework. like the actual pictures and all were changed because mom decided something else 4ish aiyo that will actually be thoda problem
User 1: i know arre see how the celebrities dress
User 2: we'll see what to do tbh. like i can't even console you when so much money is involved
User 1: ya
User 2: sober with heavy jewellery?
User 1: just imagine spending 5l for something i won't like wearing yes attention on jewellery and my face
User 2: chalo dekhte hai kya karna hai dude wedding bill for cold drinks was 2.2l and someone burnt a couch
User 1: omg
User 1: how does that even happen
User 2: stupid people tried to iron on it so like make up artists were supposed to have food with guests but one team strictly said that they don't have so we allowed them to order food and paid for it but this other artist also ordered not from their team so dad is like theek hai
User 1: aiyo haan they already spent na
User 2: today he found the bill and saw it was non veg. he told jheal to coordinate with her to get the bills money and pay it to radisson directly he won't spend one rupee also
User 1: cause non veg? great
User 2: yes lol
User 1: good value and look at you even my mom won't pay
User 2: she did for me lol
User 1: no as in for wedding
User 2: yeah will you be okay with jain food for wedding or veg you want  my parents won't be very against non jain tbh so it's fine so you know how the guys side has demands that girls side has to fulfill like it's an indian thing not jain
User 1: shut up don't live in the 19th century
User 2: nooooo, like small small thinga it's fun
User 1: okay then what i wear is completely on me done okay fine great
User 2: clothes you can wear whatever and jewellery i asked dad. so basically you can either wear your fams or mine or both so one more problem sorted coming to my story
User 1: great anyways after that i will wear what you guys say if i like it or not
User 2: his kaka wanted alcohol at barat but obviously not possible
User 1: han correct
User 2: then his friends wanted non jain paneer chilly that i got lol baas matlab? like at home?
User 1: jain and non jain separate sections anyways happens in our ghar ka shaadi nahi like if i go for your ghar ka shaadi and everyone is dressed little over the top then i can't wear my type ka clothes and go na or no i should stick to my personality then maybe everyone will start dressing like me cause they'll see how awesome i look good plan
User 2: this toh non negotiable lol
User 1: haan i know
User 2: and dressing ka idk
User 1: arre i want non jain food only lol
User 2: can't say idc for all this pyar chaiye baasss
User 1: hehe yes all these chotu things is fine
User 2: should be fine. honestly, remember for future
User 1: you come back man
User 2: don't get pressurized to eat jain even with my family
User 1: i love garlic jen
User 2: i love you did.
User 1: no of course not
User 2: dik
User 1: with family i won't do i love you too baby what time are you coming back i'm too excited
User 2: but be open about it. say bahar jaugi toh khaugi before five
User 1: haan that is fine okk i'll come immediately after class 4:30 shit dude
User 2: be ready naked on my bed thanks
User 1: i could've come and seen everyone's reaction haha snack done done done
User 2: you should have screwed sri lanka tbh. sri lanka mom will keep organizing pagal hi tea
User 1: no no no
User 1: i can't leave her she's stressing so much she's got white hair now
User 2: aww fair enough yeh theek hai have to get mom into business or she'll go into depression
User 1: i'm feeling sad for her dude tomorrow legit both her kids will go
User 2: yeah man. that does suck kya kare
User 1: haan
User 2: main aim is to provide comfort for them only na
User 1: she'll do some work no she'll be fine
User 2: i'm really hoping dude not in our hands let's see i told dad to get her out of the house jheal lost some small jewellery but real one it's not there in her pictures also
User 1: omg
User 2: your first gift 
User 1: hehe i'm liking this i want to tell you something but i won't cause it's a thing
User 2: tell
User 1: that will make you happy but in the future so i'll not tell cause it'll ruin the thing
User 2: you tell me or i give the gift to jheal your making some artsy thing for my room?
User 1: close
User 2: you're making something artsy for something else?
User 1: yes
User 2: for what
User 1: february
User 2: tell properly now thanks
User 1: he hehe but what about my surprise i made some cute things for valentine's week
User 2: okay enough awwwww thank you
User 1: hehe
User 2: accha listen
User 1: haan tell
User 2: on a serious but thoda embarrassing note
User 1: kya hua
User 2: and it's honest so don't think i have something hidden
User 1: huh
User 2: like don't expect something big for valentine's
User 1: hahaha
User 2: because i have too much to catch up
User 1: lol it's fine
User 2: itna studies i missed so won't be possible i'll do what i can
User 1: you have to cutely accept my things
User 2: but sorry sab karunga
User 1: don't have to do anything
User 2: you are great thank you beautiful
User 1: it's our last valentine's day in manipal so it's sad
User 2: aiyodont say all this life baki hai
User 1: doesn't apply for bday but last in manipal
User 2: dw at all
User 1: last year first that i'm being so difficult cause it's my 21st and pranu isn't here so you have to do otherwise i wouldn't have said anything alcohol i want to show you something but i'm very shy tomorrow you can see hehe you can give half an hour na like from 7th to 14th ? not on 14th of course maybe not 13th also oh shit i didn't think about this how will we celebrate we have to study for sessional
User 2: no-no. you deserve everything san milega
User 1: hehe
User 2: what can't be done can't
User 1: yay i'm excited to see what is going to happen
User 2: but rest i shall
User 1: correct
User 2: huh
User 1: it's okay huh kiya kya on my bday what's going to happen ?!
User 2: i'll give all time. but i won't have time to do something anything and everything you decide will be done we'll find out what's this
User 1: hehe we're celebrating valentine's week on 3rd february full week in one day then it's good hehe
User 2: i'm confused explain pura
User 1: since we cannot give so much time we will celebrate all these days on 3rd february yayyy
User 2: okay cooll
User 1: hehe
User 2: this you had to show?
User 1: as in
User 2: .
User 1: ugh fine wait two mins its for my bday dress that's red btw
User 2: which one
User 1: why you want to know everything no surprise then ?!
User 2: okay okay
User 1: fine i'll tell you gosh
User 2: nooo
User 1: okay loll i won't
User 2: i can't talk all the rooms are messy so in the hall
User 1: if i buy wrong makeup then only toh i'll learn to buy right makeup !
User 2: dude i'm so sad that jheal is going true
User 1: aiyo
User 2: yesterday mast i cried then slept with mom lol
User 1: awww baby
User 2: few years ago only i was beating her up
User 1: and then she didn't talk to you for a year
User 2: exactly and now shaddi bapre now i know how mom feels about manipal
User 1: no one can replace her dude i get it
User 2: but like stleast i'll keep coming back she'll toh come but not for long na
User 1: but she stays right there na
User 2: and i don't know if i'm allowed to sleep with her in the same bed dude i love to sleep with my sister also and you damn comfortable with both
User 1: arre if you were allowed to sleep two days ago you're still allowed baby
User 2: true man the last time i slept with her was in summer shish
User 1: jinks will sleep alone ? boys family toh nothing sad dude
User 2: no tonight they'll sleep together in my room and i'll sleep in the single bed wala room
User 1: money didn't go son  daughter didn't go
User 2: went da
User 1: acha okay
User 2: yeah pramila aunty was saying why we're y'all even crying we are toh getting
User 1: pramila ?
User 2: jiju also teared up during the wedding lol
User 1: jinks mom ? awwww
User 2: yes
User 1: that's very cute
User 2: i'm toh going to cry properly properly during our thing
User 1: you also cried ?
User 2: itna beautiful you'll be
User 1: hahahah  jheal ?
User 2: during ceremony only couple of drops but happy tears
User 1: she cried ?
User 2: not even once lol
User 1: haan she's not felt it yet i guess good only she's happy she's also gaining new family but she's fifteen mins away
User 2: she won't cry abhi the time for that is gone yeah but then office key baad tiring day she'll go home and rest and all na talking is fine meeting is messed up mom used to at least anticipate her coming home and make dinner. now toh no job everyday she'll have roti sabji now mom is going to go in depression for sure mumbai mai only i'll do internship can't go shouldn't go
User 1: haan okay do that
User 2: but all the internships are in blr ya mumbai surprisingly not that well spread out
User 1: haan iit try ? other things ? go cuddle with your sister
User 2: i'll try she went out with jiju they are leaving day after na so to get the currency
User 1: ohkk cool cool they will have fun you come back we'll have fun tell your mom dad also to go off on a vacation
User 2: aiyo i'll tell dad
User 1: haan
User 2: prolly won't go tho
User 1: tell them to come to mpal
User 2: dad gave work responsibility to others no he'll have to work now
User 1: okk
User 2: let's see ya i wish i could do more for mum she's toh losing two kids i feel bad ya
User 1: good na she has you toh she can get she's not da both of you are still her kids only
User 2: ha da but still daily contact
User 1: correct
User 2: cooking food
User 1: for hugs
User 2: means a lot ha
User 1: now she has a lotttt of time she should do her designing jen when you come back ask for my brownie money no please
User 2: i told my dad today only that you push her i told you to ask them directly. sab apne hi hai but okay dw
User 1: jen i feel uncomfortable and like i ate only five pieces that's less than one box how to ask give one thousand, five hundred bucks as in me and s and p and you also s and p wale toh burnt the
User 2: you took one box?
User 1: nooo
User 2: one box had 5-7 i think you took one full box
User 1: no no
User 2: oh
User 1: i had two incomplete boxes with two and three pieces each
User 2: oh
User 1: and all of them were burnt
User 1: i don't know how to ask now
User 2: i'll ask divya to ask money from s and p and i'll get the rest dw
User 1: i'd taken that as a thank you for parths mom's brownies over the years i told them that i'm giving them
User 2: accha there hai fair enough
User 1: haan
User 2: i'll give rest tomorrow dw
User 1: just like whatever peeps ate uska
User 2: how broke are you and since when
User 1: try to get at least one thousand, two hundred baby
User 2: aiyo 1.8k only laundry?
User 1: that will be great no i have zero cash
User 2: bf aagaya. ab rich ho aap
User 1: tomorrow i will be walking to your house from class i will give accounts now
User 2: how come you spent itna
User 1: to dad
User 2: last ten days
User 1: i bought a lipstick
User 2: ohhh
User 1: that was expensive wait what else books i bought how much will you get from four hundred and five peeps ?
User 2: let's see i'll give you 1.8k tomorrow i'll get from them eventually
User 1: acha okay greattttt
User 2: i got my video with aashi
User 1: send
User 2: weird looking at yourself dance dude you'll kill me
User 1: send
User 2: downloading then i'll forward
User 1: bahut acha dance kiya aapne looking good
User 2: lift dekhaaaaaa send checkers
User 1: i'll show them
User 2: dude we got 30k vouchers from zara to give out during events. like if the host makes us play games which she did but event managers team lost it all sad
User 1: haan aapka face left side mein tha dekha i'll show them
User 2: senddd so immature dude
User 1: wth they clearly didn't lose it they used it
User 1: lollll okay
User 2: i'm so glad i won't have to talk to her now. too much formality it seems over text. in person she's chill mayur is toh having the time of his life his first girllll
User 1: haan he talked
User 2: https:instagram.compoojavira?utmsourceigprofileshareigshide405fal6p2uf see her stories
User 1: do you want to see my expenses i wrote it very well
User 2: seee show kys same time text kya loll connection
User 1: correct never doubted it
User 2: omg you're gonna be so embarrassed when i cry at our wedding lolll
User 1: aww it's fine baby i'll also cry i've come to mcd na ten years challenge they're doing so mc aloo tikki one hundred bucks so all these people are there i didn't want to go haan divya and sriya called but like i'm here and so is everyone else
User 2: what will you even spend on 
User 1: i'm not eating tho as in ?
User 2: don't be itna scared baby.  normally batao bass youre broke na  but what ten year how much the price has changed ?
User 1: haan i'm not eating i told you na i've left food eighty bucks
User 2: woahhh first time i had aloo tikki from mcd was in 12th grade lol i'll slap you pagal ladki let me come do you want to eat natural protein heheheheh
User 1: hehe threptin ?
User 2: think again
User 1: your story is awesome i have fake version of this  your story is awesome keep it i want to show mom waaah
User 2: keep what
User 1: the jin ki jheal story
User 2: haa see see
User 1: but by mistake you have written jin ka jheal check the spelling jinjheal not jinjheal
User 2: where show   
User 1: okk hehehe cute see they do all this she looks so cute and happy dude she is damn content i think
User 2: this is our place da she's staying here tonight with jiju
User 1: haan i know but they do this my family toh damn bad they rag the girl a lot put prega news and all condom balloons and all in the room then they hide the kids in the cupboard and all. and those two are supposed to find everyone too funny it was last time in raghav bhaiya ka wedding night bhabhi was damn scared okay so to get her a little less shy yashna vidushi and shivangini became the three deviya and they had to answer questions to pass and all and then in other bhaiya ka wedding they made them do aarti of the bed
User 2: my mama's family does it to the guy
User 1: hahaha
User 2: matlab
User 1: so to go inside the room they have to answer three questions
User 2: why will it make it less shy
User 1: so that she doesn't feel so concious idk some theory is there that's why normally bros don't do anything on wedding night they just go to sleep honeymoon they do ghar pe kya karenge
User 2: bapre our wedding night we'll be so tired we'll sleeo kitna sex karonge
User 1: you wish babydoll you wish hey jen you think i could get a jacuzzi too it's pretty cool hehe i'm just kidding dw
User 2: kyu nahi nai dulan ke liye sab
User 1: amazing it's okay i know my limits i think
User 2: you can ask whatever they'll be your parents too one day
User 1: i'm shy
User 2: noticed how i call your mom, mom
User 1: no call call we'll be up to speed they'll have to adjust to the dynamic
User 2: good we told them in college enough time for this
User 1: correct we have to make them meet
User 2: nope not until rishta
User 1: okay then you bright bring i
User 2: badme
User 1: cause i don't want to be introduced as love marriage girl to your fam i know the mindset they won't appreciate
User 2: noooooo my masis son did love real masi and she got along with everyone really well she danced also for jheal dw about that at akk
User 1: oh okay my mom told me something else
User 2: telllll
User 1: she's like how did they fall in love cause they were looking to date. and if they were looking to date then that means that they had metseen at least one person before they found the current one. and like this behaviour is generally not seen as good. in people.
User 2: i know exactly why i want small wedding
User 1: small wedding means less guest but all the functions right like mehendi sangeet
User 2: idgaf about these people
User 1: no extras
User 2: tumhare near dear accept kare baas
User 1: okk
User 2: phir bhagwan nahi rok sakta
User 1: okay jen what are you doing ? nice are you playing ?
User 2: monodeal yes i am
User 1: play okay enjoy how it go baby how are you feeling ?
User 2: i'm good just got done
User 1: okk all good feeling fine go hug jheal we will sleep when you come 
User 2: comr online nevermind now
User 1: i had lab baby you flew or not ?
User 2: nooo two ka flight on the way rn
User 1: amazing
User 2: at least 7-8 boxes of danish cookies happy? yeh hi birthday gift chalega na
User 1: omg are you serious haan good bring bring dad also sent no
User 2:  dw  motu twenty-four toh nahi hoga
User 1: left home?? aww it's okay baby
User 2: i'm saying your waist won't become twenty-four lol a muslim lady is complaining about lost baggage if i die because of blast please miss me also my mom told me to tell you that they really missed you during wedding and wanted you there
User 1: haww you bring i will have one in two days and the box in my room is there only for emotional support don't say all these things already ten days i feel i was damn depressed you come back man fast aiyo i also wanted to be there it would've been fun it's okay i'll introduce myself to your mom when i look a little prettier with longer nails i'll not bite from now and i have to fix my body your sister is toh too thin she'll probably think i'm a chubby fat child
User 2: wah
User 1: haan
User 2: um ya? duh?
User 1: aiyooo
User 2: they'll send nothern lights ya
User 1: i'm not fat i'm normal your sister is thin
User 2: doubt.
User 1: i ammmmm i look good like this if i lose more weight i'll start looking dark and all the fatter i am the whiter i am so i have to balance it right that's pretty cool are they going to stay in the igloo when is their flight ? for this i've thought to invest some money in nail paint so that when i see the nailpaing i'll feel like putting and then i'll feel sad that i don't have nails so i won't bite it anymore psychology everyone anyways puts on weight after birthing so abhi you can like really enjoy after that toh can't eat only
User 2: true don't know tomorrow birthday gift shhhh
User 1: loll okk
User 2: i'll enjoy everything on your body, more or less dw
User 1: aajaoo jaldi hehe
User 2: haa waiting for flight
User 1: ok ok ok hehe tell me when you fly and when you land 
User 2: aree wah yesss dw
User 1: okk left?
User 2: landed i know what happened to the brownie's jeet was already high and thought they were normal so as munchies he ate eight 
User 1: yayyy where you are ?
User 2: do you have the last lecture
User 1: no i'm near nlh
User 2: don't be naked plis. i'll come home and we'll chill with whoevers home first hehe  i'll feed you yummy brownies
User 1: haha okk i wasn't going to be i wore nice clothes i wanted to show hehe send location
User 2: good live location shared
User 1: live location shared
User 2: aww hehe
User 1: you're so close yayyyyy i'm waiting down only i'll help with luggage
User 2: accha okay :
User 1: plus these guys didn't let me go up hehe you're buying pizza kya ? hi jen i slept by mistake where are you
User 2: text when you reach
User 1: reached campus
User 2: gooddd
User 1: i told divya about the cold drinks she's like 20k
User 2: plus 2l
User 1: hahah haan
User 2: what was her reaction
User 1: all i asked them to estimate upaasana is like total wedding 80lakhs i was like okay
User 2: total ka don't discuss doesn't look nice cold drinks is fine tell i don't know
User 1: oops why you didn't tell
User 2: you told?
User 1: yess
User 2: i vomited oops
User 1: ya dude i'm so sleepy
User 2: i just woke up
User 1: jaldi aao
User 2: dara diya hehe i can't understand anything in math
User 1: kisne kisko nahi nahaye? aiyo its fine do the problems and find out the name of that girl white little chubby long straight hair mtech eee
User 2: maine pranjal ko i diddd but why
User 1: very pretty find na pls people want to know in my car class attention will be shifted from me
User 2: okay okay i will
User 1: i'm at the hospital
User 2: i'm on udupi at mtr then i'll get my luggage and come back
User 1: okay babt kahan enjoying coffee ?
User 2: .
User 1: idk what that is lol
User 2: ask divya
User 1: divyas aunt has come she's gone to dollops
User 2: why
User 1: idk http:seoi.netpenint open this and draw
User 2: hehehe that's funny
User 1: ya shake it and wait hi jen send the room numner i'll bring the books, the yoga mat and your certificate
User 2: block three go now only and then come directly to pp
User 1: okk three or thirteen
User 2: three
User 1: he let me sign for you lol
User 2: he said anything? don't ring the bell wait
User 1: okk
User 2: hsrshit is sleeping
User 1: i'll wait okay np waitung aajao
User 2: one sec give it to her roommate
User 1: i gave it half an hour back
User 2: smart hai aur kya
User 1: hahahah i want to knit something for you hehe or me like whatever i just want to knit something what to try ?
User 2: you want those tools kya?
User 1: no i can get no problem lol
User 2: small square napkin type
User 1: ai i'm not a beginner i've made a hairband before
User 2: when did you do lok
User 1: i had to do for ncc dude i had everything in that
User 2: lol
User 1: i'm an allrounder
User 2: make a shirt for the teddy that i buy you
User 1: don't buy teddy if you really want to buy i'll tell you dw
User 2: tell
User 1: don't buy teddy pakka i know lol idk i said na baby lip
User 2: i slept sorry i woke up to pee i'm sleeping again goodnight honey
User 1: aww sleep sleep i was watching bandersnatch quite fuckall what colour scarf should i knit ? i searched men's scarves only grey blue green and all those colours help me with the colour baby i'm pretty confused pick a colour for a unisex scarf should i go for a greyy or like a nice dark purple ? i want to do diy's on my bday painting knitting some cool stuff gifts and all is peaceeee but i want to do something funn
User 2: steel grey
User 1: okk hi jen gm
User 2: gm did you just wake up
User 1: yes my body feels good i like the post exercise pain today again aim is to be thin by my bday or at least thin enough so that when i see my pics i'm happy thin hands nice face that's the aim
User 2: good while eating already there already there
User 1: no no no you don't get it ugh jen
User 2: achieved don't be mad
User 1: no it needs to be damn nice
User 2: sorry arav told the story dramatic
User 1: okk is fine tell
User 2: when you come mom made this light dress for masis daughter
User 1: i love jt i would totally wear it
User 2: sacchi?
User 1: yaa with nice big earrings you're beginning to understand what i like its basically stuff you don't like
User 2: stuff i don't understand but okay good great hehe
User 1: lol when you leave your house text me i'll be ready to go
User 2: i'll let you knoe im sleeping for a bit now
User 1: jen? where are you baby?
User 2: sahil is not replying only ya
User 1: i'll get from divya and come ? bolo toh baby
User 2: i have texted her let's see chodo baby aisr hi aajao
User 1: okk 
User 2:  get work to do i'll be studying too
User 1: getting eefm
User 2: teach me pura
User 1: okk no problem reached
User 2: gooddd lolllll
User 1: tell harshit to take dolo or combiflam paracetamol
User 2: okayy
User 1: okay he has lab in the morning divya is asking if he's coming
User 2: he doesn't have lab second hakf and one re registered subject
User 1: divya says he has
User 2: huh
User 1: he dropped lab kya ?
User 2: no
User 1: then he has lab divya is saying he has dmpa lab tomorrow
User 2: oh he said he dropped it gm
User 1: gm
User 2: finally
User 1: hehe
User 2: i'll study now and then fast have a bath and then meet teachers
User 1: okk
User 2: two subjects done
User 1: one more to go all the best jen
User 2: thanks baby these people are so irritating not giving the leave form finally after making him understand he's giving scale up to no scene for three subjects
User 1: aaj valentine's nahu some other day after sessional i'm feeling the pressure now
User 2: awww cutie it's okay we'll study today also then idm
User 1: ok ok cool clear your desk then for me i'll need that one
User 2: sure honey
User 1: ok ok
User 2: what you doing for lunch?
User 1: mess
User 2: wanna juice at the cafeteria?
User 1: break mein
User 2: okkkk
User 1: haan
User 2: one kschori day plis?
User 1: till what time you have class ?
User 2: 5:30
User 1: oh ok
User 2: yours?
User 1: i have till 4:30
User 2: lol okayy
User 1: i'll do my cycle work till then then
User 2: okayu
User 1: i'm bringing eefm and oe two subjects down today i'll not bring a heavy subject i know i won't do at your place
User 2: good thinking endgame new trailer came out see
User 1: its fine i'll do valentine's today only ughh but i no feel it what's the point ?!! you tell when you want i'll do then
User 2: can't do it then obviously okay i'll plan my week and then accordingly tell you this week only sometime humanities teachers are too chill our sir is like okay come in two days. i'm like for what sir. he's like reassignment i'm like why not so i have that in two days ripp
User 1: good i'll tell you the questions he'll give same
User 2: sort
User 1: talk to me in pretty bored
User 2: hello understood ai let's hope ml also i understand where are you
User 1: leaving where are you i'm at the new gate commeeee
User 2: left my class
User 1: okk aajao hi jen call me after your class is over i'll come down
User 2: you're not going to give your cycle?
User 1: i'll come with you only we'll walk and go ? okk
User 2: your friends are not helping you ?
User 1: no sad
User 2: hello these people are in so much bt something happened with indian air force
User 1: why what happened
User 2: and two pilots lost their livrs then we spoke about ww2 and then ghenghis khan
User 1: how always pubg?
User 2: they gave him bad planrs
User 1: haww then
User 2: they burned alive literally
User 1: looking cuteeeeeeee
User 2: haina
User 1: i love you ghochu
User 2: i love you too baby 
User 1: i'm writing your eefm stuff so that you can do
User 2: woohooo
User 1: for tomorrow yes
User 2: thank you so much so caring
User 1: np now you must use mine and not that guys
User 2: done
User 1: omg wow they toh saw proper !!!!
User 2: i'm so late oops where are you
User 1: i'm in class aajao my internet isn't working
User 2: lol why
User 1: oh suddenly it works then it stops idk what this is
User 2: purana phone baby restart definitely falling sick
User 1: aiyo
User 2: i'm done where are you
User 1: seeing these snaps i'm feeling cold
User 2: amsterdam is also very cold apparently lol but northern lighttsss so beautiful
User 1: yaaaa soooooo beautiful i love it
User 2: send mom a pic lol
User 1: i already got done with lab so i'm in my room only you go i'll come on my own jen can you bring got ka season one ? on pendrive
User 2: hello i just woke up i'll eat now body feels better fever still might be there
User 1: okayy eat babu love you
User 2: i love you so nicely you took care of mr
User 1: i love you too did you eat aiyo i feel bad cause i couldn't do anything
User 2: but i don't want you getting it mado dw eating
User 1: noooo eat eat wanna pubg?
User 2: i don't feel like it i'm sorry i'm watching a movie with arav sully
User 1: okk watch watch
User 2: tom hanks
User 1: tomorrow
User 2: thank you so much very nice
User 1: omg jen i was waiting for jake to propose to any amy and it was too perfect i loved it dude i would've screamed had anjali not been sleeping reaction boyle's soooooo goooood  hahaha the best man proposal was even better jake is good at proposals
User 2: like meeee dude i missed the kab over slept fuckkkk man i'm messing labs up i'm scared what if i have to drop one fuck
User 1: its okay you're not well don't drop it request him again to let you do tomorrow
User 2: let's see i'm going for eefm assignment rn
User 1: haan go go all the best labs are not capped at c so it won't affect your gpa aiyoooo don't miss class at all anymore jen no bunks
User 2: did the assignment because of you i got everything thank you
User 1: ho gaya? congratulations
User 2: hehe
User 1: beautiful
User 2: where to lunch da
User 1: cafeteria i'm toh running vv late i still have to put makeup for prize distribution
User 2: loll get it in bag after class put otherwise some of it might come offf dikshitaaa i told you to keep the dumbells i'm going to get shit for it from the manager today he called me but i am not in pp pagal girl
User 1: oopss sorry i'm scared to go alone otherwise i would've done
User 2: don't make excuses now next time when i tell you to do something please do it never you listen
User 1: okay sorry
User 2: aaj no pp also i have to complete two subjects tofay
User 1: ok
User 2: where are you i have to attend the assessment on friday lab ka eventhough i missed one kab and for that one lab these guys got two weeks time because it's that hard i have to do it in two days great
User 1: chemical
User 2: what
User 1: i sent that at twelve
User 2: noon boob vidit got chocolates for you especially for you because you are the part if the group
User 1: that's pretty cute tbh send my pics pubg send my pics thanks thanks boyfriend
User 2: hehe i like it
User 1: jen how many girls from eee were there ?
User 2: didn't see but only 1girl behind you found out about sahoo and prahlad
User 1: what they did which base?
User 2: four i'll tell you later
User 1: wrong information tell sahoo to send picture
User 2: wtf
User 1: of the boy prahlad wasn't invited to mahimas party they're not that close
User 2: i confirmed with her man
User 1: but he's dating!!!
User 2: so sahoo told her to stop because they spoke a lot about her gf before hooking up. then he said that it's fine or whatever and then sahoo told okay then. according to sahoo he made the first movr which is when she stopped het
User 1: whatttt
User 2: he came damn late just before cake cutting
User 1: acha idk dude these guys are not believing at all wanna play ? okay nvm
User 2: i trust sahoo little enough but she doesn't like about guys lol she directly said you know which base i went
User 1: okk
User 2: which is why i said 4th
User 1: haha ok
User 2: tell everyone not to tell anyone
User 1: that's pretty sad
User 2: pleadr dikshita i wanna talk about something
User 1: haan what?
User 2: about ria she and sanitra are two mu boli sisters that i see in the future so if i sleep with her (won't be in this exam time for her because she is staying at emerald) i don't think you should iver think it like obviously if you have a problem then it's plausible off course and i'll do my best to keep my distance and not like it will ever happen again. but yeah, proper sisters i love you. tum hi toh future ho replyy
User 1: it's just weird see the words you're using arre okay sisters you'll be fine uh if i go sleep with my mu boli brothers it's just weird why can't you show affection like normal people
User 2: fair enough true
User 1: haan
User 2: no comeback
User 1: you wanna do do
User 2: i don't mind listening to you no no
User 1: i know sisters and whatever but it's weird
User 2: because you are right too tru true
User 1: correct
User 2: dw remember same team
User 1: haan theek hai
User 2: i love you
User 1: kyun suddenly yeh socha
User 2: nothing lol she was home so it came in mind
User 1: aaplog ne conference kiya tha kya
User 2: wtf
User 1: arre it's fine i know you talk to your boys more than i talk to my girls
User 2: i didn't talk to them about this day m da baby cutie
User 1: acha okk
User 2: motu potu
User 1: hehe it's fine da i know you'll not do anything
User 2: kissyyyyyy
User 1: kissssyy to you too
User 2: lol what you doing
User 1: like prahlad
User 2: watch b99
User 1: today i'm trying to study
User 2: fuck you
User 1: and failing at it
User 2: lol .
User 1: that's pretty bad ddue that's what i'm doing that and pubgg
User 2: motu
User 1: he actually cheated
User 2: i wont
User 1: and he seems like such a fun guy
User 2: true
User 1: kuch bhi hota hai logon ke countenance pe kabhi vishwas nahi karna
User 2: huh saaf bolo
User 1: first impression is not the last impression like he seems like a funny guy and he told divya that he's just started dating
User 2: haa
User 1: and now he went and did this when sahoo spoke to him why did sahoo sleep with him then ? it's normal for them to do with different people na
User 2: he said it's okay and all that and she was drunk too thoda
User 1: i also wanna get drunk with you
User 2: hehe
User 1: then we can have funnnn like drunk people
User 2: we normal don't kya
User 1: so whenever you feel like drinking and so do i i have a lot of ideas that i'm too shy to do what jen
User 2: wahhh sexyyy
User 1: aap toh mujhe jaante hi nahi
User 2: haa drunk wala nahiii chalo janege
User 1: haan kyunki nahi drink karte mere saath four shots and i'll be gtg
User 2: no shots
User 1: only shots
User 2: lel
User 1: techquilaaaa
User 2: i'll get high instead i can't drink
User 1: omg
User 2: much
User 1: leave it then no need uff stupid weed one day i'll throw it out of the window mood spoil pch
User 2: fine then you me vodka
User 1: no now i don't want to do you go smoke
User 2: urghhhh sorry na
User 1: simply wasting my energy explaining to you
User 1: what haven't you understood
User 2: sorry
User 1: every week i think you do it at least thrice and just one puff is not an excuse no need
User 2: i won't deny
User 1: you're not succumbing to peer pressure i've seen it
User 2: not very true. only little
User 1: you have such good blood instead of doing something useful with it you're spoiling it with all this nonsense chemicals killing all your brain cells reducing sperm count and quality
User 2: i'm sorry
User 1: i'm so angry with you about this rubbish things
User 2: i will give you good babies
User 1: no you can't
User 2: wow
User 1: your sperm sucks
User 2: hurtful
User 1: fix it no more weed that's it
User 2: you think i'll do it my full life kya are you mad
User 1: yes i'm mad about you
User 2: me too
User 1: and you're mad about this nonsense things nahi karoge bas it's final
User 2: i'm mad about you 
User 1: i gave you enough time to get over it last semester nothing you did now i'm putting my foot down enough is enough
User 2: this sem i did so much
User 1: ya bas now you're done you can't do at all
User 2: i swear to god an hour back arav and i made a pact that we'll do it max once a week so we are doing everything
User 1: that was your limit last semester
User 2: possible
User 1: new limit is once a month
User 2: but it didn't work because end sems so we started again to decrease
User 1: no no no
User 2: we are going to increase this period more
User 1: you can't do weed anymore
User 2: eventually so let me handle thay
User 1: no don't do it please
User 2: dikshita you don't believe me when i tell you that im doing everything properly to leave it?
User 1: not at all
User 2: dw. everything i do is for our future dikshita i'm telling you it will happen eventually you need to understand dw at all
User 1: what should i understand that you're addicted i already know that what dw
User 2: this end sem ke pehle is the last time i smoke up ever
User 1: and that means that you will do everyday ? nothing i know
User 2: no wtf
User 1: you'll go back to mumbai and do there
User 2: no i won't i tell you everytime i do
User 1: are you sure check again
User 2: yes
User 1: lies
User 2: you're just accusing me noe
User 1: don't do thc wait i'll show
User 2: fine don't
User 1: okay then you go see
User 2: okay i love you so much
User 1: i love you too sweetie 
User 2: i'll get you good jewellery you don't worry
User 1: you cannot calm me with jewellery jk you can
User 2: i know everything about you
User 1: for future reference you should say i'll take you to the store to buy whatever jewellery you want
User 2: roger
User 1: okk sup jen i miss you baby
User 2: i miss you too honey where are youuu helloooo
User 1: i'm vv bored
User 2: why baby why you no wtudy light went hehe
User 1: yes same
User 2: it came already shish should have come to pp everyone ate lunch there's extra plus aloo and daal
User 1: i ate
User 2: you didn't send a pic how am i to believe you
User 1: abhi khaya maine menu don't ask
User 2: okay then apparently i have to submit one more project specifications by tomorrow rip
User 1: work on it what else
User 2: yeah man too much work i don't like but i will do
User 1: what's up
User 2: i finished lab kabka i'm just completing my lab book now
User 1: ohhhh okk i'm going to sleep jen i'll wake up at seven do excercise
User 2: wait come outside block
User 1: ok now ? where are you where should i come pick up your phone naa
User 2: hello
User 1: hii
User 2: sorry to make you walk sleepp
User 1: it's ok haan gn
User 2: love you
User 1: love you too i finished brooklyn ninety-nine
User 2: wowww watch season six too
User 1: didn't release
User 2: i saw four episodes da
User 1: i did my exercise hehe 13th gym is so bad
User 2: hello sorry i slept i studied in fast ekdam i'll wake up early and do now gn 
User 1: good good gn
User 2: nooo i'm still awake
User 1: hello wassup
User 2: i studied more
User 1: waah whatcha doing ? acha jen is it okay if i okay basketball with class peeps
User 2: dinner
User 1: abhi ??
User 2: after class tomorrow? hehe
User 1: haan before our dinner
User 2: but then get your change of clothes to pp i have plan basketball, bath, sex, date
User 1: okk sounds like fun hehe
User 2: divya not coming na
User 1: idk ask her
User 2: you ask or you tell it's a datr
User 1: idkkk i mean i wanna take her but then when will we go on a date then we can do like a pre dinner date sort of thing na ? basketball bath date missed video call i'm feeling vv tired idk maybe i'll want to tomorrow why do you control when we have sex because of you only the count is so low dumbass
User 2: and safe from uti temporarily and no friction burn love it
User 1: i hate your ego man
User 2: me too but just fuck na
User 1: how is my ego less than yours
User 1: wow
User 2: it's not dw must
User 2: just sounds so bad omg
User 1: ya exactly
User 1: good save babydoll
User 2: you had dinner kya
User 1: ya i ate two roti ask divya tomorrow also i think i'll skip off lunch
User 2: okay okay
User 1: have a nice dinner
User 2: why men
User 1: to make space for dinner where will i put the food
User 2: mean you didn't have today
User 1: i ate dahi
User 2: liar liar
User 1: that's lunch then i ate threptin i feel so bleh without you jen two days you didn't call me home i'm damn sad
User 2: must understand and support me
User 1: it's our valentine's party tomorrow haan haan i know
User 2: okikkk
User 1: but i'm sad what to do
User 2: be happyyyy hehe
User 1: lol thanks haan dude you know what i dud i was playing pubg ok so this guy was there and he died and he was very weird so like i thought he died off and went so i said out loud he's weird and he heard me lol sup jen reply na
User 2: you were playing with strangers kya? i don't like auto matching it's always someone weird i transferred all pictures for the test to watch lol
User 1: smart
User 2: what time will you sleep baby
User 1: one hour
User 2: studying?
User 1: movie : date with love
User 2: how many rom coms can you watch bapre
User 1: hehe it's cuteeee
User 2: watch something cool on netflix na or young sheldonnn
User 1: date with love
User 2: do i know the cast??
User 1: noo lol new people
User 2: chod phir toh
User 1: loll cute hai da
User 2: and where will you go for basket ball
User 1: opposite 13th block
User 2: accha that new thing opened kya?
User 1: haan it's damn niceee
User 2: send picture even i want to see how do you even get there but
User 1: why jen you don't trust me from campus stores ka benches there's a staircase leading down
User 2: wtf i want to see the court ohhhh okayy
User 1: okay
User 2: nice
User 1: i'll send pics
User 2: thank youu aww
User 1: whatsapp web
User 2: chal im sleeping yes hehe
User 1: working on something ?
User 2: lab prep i was doing na done
User 1: ok ok good good love you baby
User 2: i love you baby hehe same pinch
User 2: goodnightttt
User 1:   gn
User 2: dikshita lab was so bad i didn't get any output only zero for execution writing mai let's see if they even give four fuck all man
User 1: sameee lab was so bad  it's okay jen we will get over it
User 2: yeah man like i had such a long break it's forgivenb
User 1: i was trying and then someone else did it before me and i was trying a lot so it was damn embarrassing
User 2: did you finally get it
User 1: no i had to copy his the teacher doesn't know but i'm so embarrassed
User 2: i ton had a test dude fucked lab assessment one you come home everyday
User 1: what happened ?
User 2: and everyday we'll do productivr things
User 1: idm
User 2: sort
User 1: we should learn to grow as a could couple
User 2: exactly saath mai sab kuch
User 1: haan ok ok
User 2: today decide time for laughing buddha and we'll directly meet there okay
User 1: okk seven pm cause they take time to give food it's a date jen happy valentine's day
User 2: okayyyy
User 2: happy valentine's day sweetheart where's laughing buddha?
User 1: i forget
User 2: lol
User 1: country inn road
User 2: accha okay cool
User 1: ok
User 2: did you get back
User 1: ya
User 2: don't skip lunch dikshita i feel so guilty i feel i've been wasting time sleeping and watching tv i'm going to be so prolific now while spending time with yiu sort perfect i love you
User 1: sort i love you too
User 2: you have one ka class! ? lunch?
User 1: i have 1-3 i ate something tummy full
User 2: chips not counted
User 1: omg
User 2: nor wafers
User 1: how did you know
User 2: i know everything
User 1: this is creepy
User 2: who got for you
User 1: i got for me
User 2: you had money lolll
User 1: i decided that blue lays is my motivation
User 2: nooo
User 1: ya i have 1k it is
User 2: why so less
User 1: i study hard and i deserve some reward
User 2: no
User 1: and work hard also
User 2: no no
User 1: yes
User 2: go eat lunch
User 1: yes yes no
User 2: don't make me more sad
User 1: lunch is bad
User 2: i'm already very sad
User 1: i can't eat bad food
User 2: go have dahi
User 1: i have class at one and i'm still pooping so i guess i'll be going direct
User 2: sad. i'll make you have food at pp
User 1: i'm not coming to pp na i'll meet you in lb only now idk why i've not withdrawn yet
User 2: at three only you'll go for basketball?
User 1: i think i'm becoming a miser maybe 4:30 parsimonious dikshita
User 2: wahh marwari lol
User 1: my dresses are coming today pls one thousand, eight hundred ek bar give
User 2: sure honey
User 1: okk i'll pay by card at buddha so then it'll be fine
User 2: no give it to me later
User 1: noooo i can't cash plsss he's coming now only bring my dresses to the college i'll wear tonight hehe
User 2: they haven't come i just left sorry
User 1: aiyoo
User 2: also can i give those dresses to you as a gift from me? hehe but on march 1st not now
User 1: smart but no
User 2: just take na
User 1: hahaha i will think about it
User 2: where are you which is why i waited for you you replied after class also so i thought okay now she will leave and i will go with her to eat no response nothing kya hi bolu
User 1: arre i keep my phone on silent na in class so then i put it in my bag and i went off i didn't think so much why is it such a big deal ?
User 2: it's just that when someone is waiting for you since 25mins you don't just forget about them and leave
User 1: did you tell me where you were waiting i didn't know
User 2: okay so do we always ask where to wait? you're going to the block obviously i'll wait there. and then after ten mins of waiting i went to cafeteria ke bahar wala area you just vanished i didn't see you pass you didn't even consider waiting for me or even calling fine next time if you want me to wait for you after class or wanna meet in the break explicitly tell ne i won't get a dream when you want to chill with me
User 1: arre why are you feeling so bad dude i'm sorry
User 2: nothing. enjoy the basketball i don't like waiting and woh bhi karo toh tum kisi aur ke saath chalejate ho
User 1: i didn't see my phone na otherwise i would've waited
User 2: okay
User 1: i always come whenever you call baby i actually didn't see my phone
User 2: ik it's just that you're being very irresponsible
User 1: what should i say man i'm sorry i didn't think about you i was too excited to play
User 2: isn't this all the time 
User 1: and it's true and you know it arre so that's inherent i like to play games
User 2: cancel the dinner i won't make it
User 1: i made vday stuff okay thanks haan jen
User 2: give it to me when we celebrate it
User 1: i've been working on it for way more than twenty-five mins no i won't give stop being so understanding everytime i want to play with friends
User 2: you always turn it on me
User 1: because you're being stupid and you cancelled the dinner
User 2: you said 4:30 toh uske pehle toh you could have waited itna i called i'm not stupid
User 1: the time changed to three cause no one had class
User 2: i could have easily gone home and slept
User 1: and 3:30 to 4:30 got shifted
User 2: toh you should tell me that
User 1: arre it was a spontaneous plan you know what jen
User 2: ek toh first think about you and the. get ditched because you always have undisclosed plans
User 1: you're being extremely difficult
User 2: you are the one starting it everytime
User 1: arre my phone was off otherwise i would've cancelled it na no you're being petty twenty-five mins is not such a long time i waited for you for longer than that more than 2wice you are my top priority sweetie but my phone was off na like silent
User 2: that's not my point. it's just that you are very irresponsible and act like a stupid kid and forget to stleast update someone who is managing his time for you
User 1: i would've called you immediately had i seen your phone call so you're not the only one managing time jen
User 2: ik
User 1: once in a while if something goes out of order
User 2: at least i don't disrupt your timings
User 1: you shouldn't make such a big scene out of it
User 2: it's becoming too common
User 1: you wanted to spend time with me na you didn't even say bye properly it's just ego nothing else and you need to get over it
User 2: you don't even care to inform me and do anything so i didn't care to say byr
User 1: once in a while excuse me if i don't plan my day according to you
User 2: you plan whatever you want. you at least tell me what you plan
User 1: everytime i have a plan you do this everytime
User 2: i always tell you what i'm going to do to suit your schedule
User 1: so nicely i informed you yesterday itself i'll play last minute you're just ruining everything
User 2: and i asked you the timings so j can plan our time go na who's stopping you idc have fun
User 1: there was no need to cancel dinner and get so upset over nothing absolutely nothing
User 2: it's just that everytime you do this and you never even admit it improve on your fault. so everytime is just as bad.
User 1: are you sure i didn't improve
User 2: and now, it's just become very often
User 1: i informed you yesterday
User 2: yet i wasted my time while you were chilling
User 1: my phone was offfff i obviously would've waited for you if i had known
User 2: no it wasnt
User 1: jenit stop acting so difficult
User 2: you would have if you cared to ask
User 1: it was!!!! it was on silent
User 2: it was on then
User 1: are you saying i don't care about you ? are you sure you want to say that jen
User 2: no,you just become too obsessed and self centered whenever you get excited about something and always just leave me out everytime your excuse is the same excited to play so i forgot you. i'm tired of your kiddish behavior. that's not how you act in a mature relationship i'm going to sleep. i'm sure you'll enjoy your game. byr
User 1: it's not an excuse get used to it i will check my phone when i do i can't help it
User 2: alright
User 1: yaaaaaaaa exactly so you know this so then why are you acting weird
User 2: wow so you expect me to say okay stay the same great it's just that i listen to everything you say. now toh i stopped pot also.
User 1: good that's for you only
User 2: and yet you can't even remove your phone and just update me about the smallest things
User 1: arreee i don't remember to man
User 2: great then my fault sorry for expecting this huge thing for you from enjoy your game and your mess dinner
User 1: how will i know you'll have a problem with three instead of 4:30
User 2: omg i don't have a problem. its just that you said 4:30 so j waited so i could chill with you before. i wanted to eat lunch also something and i said hey i'll wait for dikshita and then we can spend time while i eat if you still thinking that this is the issue then i'm sorry there's not point in talking to you you clearly don't understand simple things
User 1: kuch bhi jen just go to sleep stop acting like a child
User 2: don't piss me off even more you clearly don't understand the same mistake you do recurrently fuck it not worth explaining to you i have understood de not to expect so much from you you clearly don't have the energy to be think about two people got it dw i'll meet you at lb at seven gn
User 1: love you sweetie my parcel is coming
User 2: save it
User 1: i already said sorry for not thinking about you again i'll say sorry 
User 2: understand and don't repeat don't say
User 1: aww i love you baby arre but if i forget once in a while it's fine be na
User 2: my problem is that it has become more recurrent than once in a while this i don't want be thoughtful don't be stupid and careless
User 1: but i was excited to play  dopamine i feel like i did coke lol
User 2: you're the one who messes up when on chemicals yet i get your shit
User 1: huh i didn't understand
User 2: you always mess up when you get excited keep your emotions intact and don't give same stupid reason everytime act your age
User 1: then will i be myself ? i'll just be a boring prototype
User 2: cool be that and to teach you a lesson you'll not be getting your dresses see them on 1st march
User 1: arre but i love my excitement i'm excited about everything that's why i am me jen you don't like me kya i'm vv excited for dinner btw and gifttttt  bring na pls i have to check size otherwise simply money waste
User 2: arre you didn't see kya? for me lol
User 1: i saw but like i have to try it na
User 2: argh fine
User 1: i'm leaving jen come asap direct to laughing buddha
User 2: leave in five
User 1: okk i left
User 2: i'm not getting auto only reached?
User 1: i actually left tho just got auto
User 2: same
User 1: crazyyyyy hungry i am so much hungry i reached haan come fast
User 2: where exactly is it next to grill stories!
User 1: yess remix
User 2: okay get the tablee
User 1: ya got jaldi aajai i ordered drink for me
User 2: hehe
User 1: what will you have ?
User 2: mocktail any order surprise me
User 1: tell really how far you are
User 2: international block
User 1: ok love you honey what a greatttttt dayyyyyyy
User 2: love you babyyy
User 1:  aiyooosomany only one good one bad lighting dude
User 2: loll post off
User 1: what will i caption no no i don't like that much
User 2: next time new place we'll sit i like the food for sure again please tell anjali i said i wasn't being rude ha
User 1: ok ok i told her already
User 2: sleeping?
User 1: playyyyyyyyingggggg
User 2: i'm done well played baby too good
User 1: thank you jen i love shiver he's too cute
User 2: hehe
User 1: he's blue and he's a polar bear is a polar bear feeling cold
User 2: true nooo it feels nice
User 1: ya but he's blue it's a polar bear and it's feeling cold i'll cover it with a blanky and keep it
User 2: huggy and sleep
User 1: i'll make a scarf for my shiver sorry jen you're pushed to second place shiver is my new cutie my legs hurt so much aiyo
User 2: aww aww
User 1: so much bball
User 2: good workout
User 1: ya ya great!!!
User 2: sleep now babe
User 1: haan gnn
User 1:  i'm too sleepy dude what is this whyyy
User 2: i have only oe
User 1: i'm wondering if to bunk cause my back is hurting eefm and oe i'll bunk go for pe i couldn't get up only man i'm too tired aiyo but i'll get proxy it's lace peace aiyo wrong subject i though going for class
User 2: lol so late oops
User 1: aajao
User 2: i'm still at home. i have lecture at one thousand and thirty
User 1: i can see you hehe
User 2: stalker i have to go to sahils room after tjis lab project
User 1: okk have funnn
User 2: you have lecture now awww
User 1: yaaaaaaaa
User 2: i'll drink hot chocolate hehe no care for pimples
User 1: no aiyo you're allergic !!! what to tell
User 2: it's so yummy but 
User 1: eat eat i mean drink drink i have plans with girls from 7pm come with us deetee i'll make you meet anjali and then you can take care of me also
User 2: no no you go alone i'll stay home and study
User 1: okay should i come home ?
User 2: i'm still here but come with me
User 1: dude shiver is like a little baby cute small and fluffy and soft
User 2: accha chodo kal chill kare kya?
User 1: lol okk
User 2: sahil is damn annoying he is taking too much time in deciding
User 1: ok make a good project lol it's fineeee
User 2: yep it's gonna be pretty cool where are you
User 1: i'm in four hundred and forty-four block thirteen
User 2: loll
User 1: going to go to dt around 8:30 wearing red lipstick
User 2: drinking in block? hehe
User 1: don't know who and all going to be at dt yesss
User 2: accha gooddd
User 1: all good na i'll go ?
User 2: ya da
User 1: aajao na ekdum happy kardo mujhe
User 2: girls night da. mad kya. video call me after dt
User 1: no you must come say hi to everyone otherwise i'll be sad do you want me to be sad no na then aajao
User 2: pagak stupid useless onky you go enjoy call me soonnn
User 1: okk
User 2: damn hot you're looking
User 1: where did you see arrreee
User 2: snapchat why arree
User 1: aajao jen
User 2: dont be stupid da i missed you too today honey get off phone enjoy with them da
User 1: sriya is calling you
User 2: why loll
User 1: cause you've never seen her drunk itna no one asks jen you owe me cause only you finished yesterday aajao jen don't ignore me i know when you are divya upach also saying to come they all want to meet you and say hello and all no one is going to make you drink aajao baby is not taking care of drunk girls a dream for most boys what is this aajao missed video call
User 2: aww cutiepie tell everyone i'm sorry i love you bsby
User 1: mean so mean aajaooo ten pm aajao block drop karke go otherwise i'll have to ask one of the other guys and that's weird aajao surprise me
User 2: how drunk are you baby who other all girls ke saath go na
User 1: udee here is dhruv sanjit sahil udee kahitij chantal
User 2: aiyo i'll see you enjoy
User 1: join join i might try a cig today and you might miss it
User 2: dont try daaa i dont want you tp try also
User 1: ok s p here i spoke
User 2: where are you
User 1: fight me if you want what's done is done deetee
User 2: lol it's fine
User 1: near the courtyard thanks jen i'm tired of fighting of the same thing
User 2: aww what same thing
User 1: same thing people i talk to you know it doesn't matter why you always fight about the same thing you know i don't give a shit then also same thing
User 2: where are tou
User 1: i'm at hakuna i came to pee
User 2: lol alone?
User 1: divya
User 2: pagal
User 1: jen u love you jen you're a sweetheart i wanna be like this 4ver
User 2: hehehhe pagal drink water and mogu mogu and then chipsss
User 1: i reached so many ppl in the world all you need is one
User 2: you my one hehe
User 1:  yesss sup jen guess what i'm pretty drunk ouch everything hurts ok gn i saw what to expect when you're expecting i swear to god i cried so much i was like what is that it's all i want i'm sorry to myself i thought i'd want more i thought i'd want a master's a phd nothing nothing at all
User 2: bapre
User 1: everytime i see it jen everytime
User 2: simpleton aww
User 1: i think i can't wait too much ya i am
User 2: for what
User 1: to want kids legally
User 2: lollll chill
User 1: i can't
User 2: aiyo mad girl
User 1: i'm a little addicted to the idea
User 2: i know
User 1: just the idea maybe not the actuality
User 2: good
User 1: of babies twenty-five is my deadline jen
User 1: i can't wait beyond twenty-seven i'll cry too much
User 2: you'll be busy by then dw
User 1: i hope so the faster the better
User 2: careeerrrr
User 1: that movie is my heart i don't know jen i'm starting to put baby beyond it it's happening
User 2: mad girl
User 1: i'm becoming a woman
User 2: proud moment good good
User 1: no no no feminism is all about not that i can be more than just that i want to be everything what should i do
User 2: you will
User 1: i really want it
User 2: career and baby when rich enough
User 1: i can't wait i can't
User 2: breathe
User 1: ya i have been but now i'm drunk so i can tell without worrying about the consequences just you just to tell you that that movie is everything i want
User 2: dw you can tell me i'll watch it for sure
User 1: ya pls do last scene toh i can't dude i cry so much everytime today evening i see i was just like pls just be happy everyone there are so many things so much bigger than just us
User 2: i know i saw you giving water to everyone
User 1: so many bigger things we can do
User 2: yes we just
User 1: ya i want when i'm drunk
User 2: just
User 1: so i assumed
User 2: true
User 1: everyone wounds would i love it i love the movie and i can't wait for the experience you wait for bungee i have other things to look forward to
User 2: jumping?
User 1: yes lol i know you like it
User 2: lol okay you also know he
User 1: he who jen i hope you understand what i'm saying
User 2: i do dw you go to sleep i love you.
User 1: i love you too  you understood na watch the movie i love the movie everytime
User 2: yes yes
User 1:  whatsup i said weird things last night i was drunk
User 2: ik
User 1: don't believe me
User 2: hehe
User 1: masters first
User 2: how's the hangover
User 1: no pressure so bad soooooo bad
User 2: told you to drink water
User 1: ya had i love shiver dude
User 2: i'm glad
User 1: what are you doing ?. he's the right size for my head i have to just put my head in his lap and sleep off i'll come home ?
User 2: asw have lunch and all then rn even i'm dirty
User 1: haan dirty okay
User 2: i decided bath after ml
User 1: okk study study
User 1: i'll bring my studies today
User 2: good
User 1: haan alcohol is a waste dude i'm not going to drink again uffo
User 2: eah yesterday toh you were saying you wanna stay like this forever wah like charlie sheen said only way to avoid hangover is to not stop drinking come by 2ish okay
User 1: aiyooooo hangover no one ill go for lunch and come directly simply i don't want to walk extra
User 2: oksyyy you not even understanding your mistake shows how much you learned from our previous fights about the same reason. so next time you don't ask me why i keep fighting for the same reason. it's your fault only. no one elses thanks for embarrassing and not even owning upto it
User 1: stop saying the same thing five thousand times i told you i was drunk i didn't know
User 2: stop doing the same thing five thousand times
User 1: bas you just need an excuse to fight stop trying to dominate me i don't like it
User 2: i'm not gonna fight anyway. it just wastes my time. you're not going to do your end so fuck it cool
User 1: i am listening to you and you know it change doesn't happen overnight
User 2: cool
User 1: simply scolding me for the same thing isn't going to help what's more i gave you legit zero shit for the somiya thing. because i knew it would've been hard for you. that wasn't insulating for me or what. i got over it. i gave you time to get over it too. instead of helping me and instead of asking me how i feel about it all you're doing it adding to the pressure and acting like a fucking dominating asshole. i told you you didn't consider my feelings last time. did you improve on that ? no i'm not the only one making the same mistake again and again jen. you can't even see what mistake you made. what are you trying to do ? make me scared of you ? cause it's working. i now think i have to run everything past you cause you never know what will piss you off. so annoying. let me be.
User 2: i didn't think of it this way but dikshita they were fucking assholes to you. you shouldn't be talking to them and i shouldn't be reminding you that you need not talk to them. you should be big enough to understand such a thing. minor fuck ups are fine. what they did was major. you should be mature enough to know that but you don't do anything about it which hurts me more
User 1: i was drunk i spoke to a stranger
User 2: i'm not trying to make you scared of me. i'm just trying to make you listen.
User 1: no jen you are making me scared of you
User 2: you need not be
User 1: if you control me so much i'll stop telling you alltogether. please stop it. don't try to dictate your terms on me. i don't think like you do and i never can. i don't want any trouble. least of all from you. i tell you everything jen just thoda let me be relaxed. everytime i do something i don't want to think about oh god jenit kya bolega oh shit i can't fight over this again. leave it i'll not tell him. the day this happens it'll be very bad baby please try to understand. the tighter you try to hold a lump of sand in your hand the faster it'll fall through. don't try to assert yourself. what you say is important and i'll listen to you. but you have to give me some time. it's not easy for me. what do i do man i'll throw a bomb in their house kya. jen i can't go around telling people they fucked up that's not my job and honestly i don't care. you don't want to talk to them, don't talk. i also won't but i don't want to feel uncomfortable everytime they're around. i've been through it with nethraa. i hate that situation. you saw na what the girls said. it's not worth it. what's more they're complex components and they will always be so i won't really care about it. in capital i will write again- i was very drunk i don't remember anything. if i was sober i would not have spoken to them as i did not when i met them in mcdonald's the other day
User 2: fine okay i'll listen to you
User 1: what you say is not lost on me but it will take time for me to get accustomed to it cause i have never been like this and i don't really like people who are like this. so just and only for you i am changing this 'rule' that i have. it's already very difficult don't give more bt about this please
User 2: okay
User 1: okay
User 2: as long as you are trying your best i wont say
User 1: are we friends now or are you still angry about something i'm legit changing completely just for you which i never thought i'd do cause i'm pretty awesome like that it's difficult
User 2: this thing mai i dont feel guilty about changing someone so okay thank you but im not going to apologise for it
User 1: and because of this my mind is always in split what to do to do what i think is right or to what jenit said and i pick you everytime when i'm conscious you should at least acknowledge it
User 2: i do now.
User 1: okay great
User 2: flattering but not needed. just ask is this what a grown up would do
User 1: i have no interest in being a grown up all i want to do is stay in disney everyday i will not change this you get used to it everything i cannot change i like games i like disney and i like my marks bas three things only
User 2: toh you stay i will also stay but in the real world you have to be real
User 1: no i will not it's a bad world and i will make it nicer for everyone singlehandedly everyone deserves to be happy i will not judge anyone it's not my place
User 2: stop talking rubbish
User 1: it's not rubbish you get used to it i'm telling you later don't tell me i didn't say i'm sunshine and rainbows you knew this when you started dating me i will not waste a single day crying about something or worse making someone else cry about something and if you think i should then you're crazy
User 2: not making them cry wtf no one is crying you are just not wawsting time with useless people and you'll have more time with your friends for sunshine and rainbows ?
User 1: i'm not i know who friend
User 2: the ones who matter
User 1: wokay
User 2: okay haw you dreww it all and you made anjali clean it bad bad
User 1: i toh told her not to clean it was nice she didn't like it so then i gave her idea to remove with oil
User 2: aiyo someone didnt like your word sucks i toh loved your valentine gifs very thoughtful
User 1: hehe
User 2: like always
User 1: than you
User 2: bahut artsy ho aap
User 1: yess i like doing all this how did you like the pics?
User 2: not post worthy but nice memories
User 1: i look vv hot na i shouldn't stop my exercise routine
User 2: duh
User 1: but seasonals offo
User 2: true sessional time it's fine
User 1: i don't know i can do something
User 2: you walk so much take the mat if you want thoda hojayega
User 1: yes please i need arms ke liye tho
User 2: 13h block gym?
User 1: yes that's the only thing i think
User 2: sort got you've become now you're eating also
User 1: got ?
User 2: good good hot
User 1: ohhh i agree hi five jen
User 2: i'm sorry for not understanding your pov i love you.
User 1: it's k you will learnn
User 2: i will what you doingggg i'm trying to play guitar hehe
User 1: i like ooooh guitar guy lol are you gonna become emo now i'm watching pitch perfect do you want to play pubg
User 2: no wtf hehe tomorrow
User 1: ok lel
User 2: aajao comeee
User 1: okk
User 2: acxhs nvm
User 1: aiyooooo okk
User 2: comeee
User 1: ok
User 2: funn
User 1: why you went simply we died i told you three people don't go wait for backup jen tch ijk ily
User 2: i knocked two i was reloading and then 3rd killed me you also he killed
User 1: awwww baby hence the bavkupp
User 2: you died one v two one v 1
User 1: yaa hence backupppp
User 2: we must sleep lol
User 1: yaa okk gn sweetie
User 2: you sleeping?
User 1: yeppp in fifteen mins
User 2: awake?
User 1: gng back to sleep gn
User 2: pagal hehe sleeeppp i have lectures from 1-4
User 1: 1-4 ? or 1-4:30 i have this timing
User 2: same
User 1: okk eefm idk why he's taking annoying syllabus is over he wants to do next part of syllabus now
User 2: our next part surest started also present with methods
User 1: ya exactly what's the need i want him to do one sum i'll tell him today in that full class will go
User 2: yesss
User 1: it's damn tricky that sum i'm not understanding
User 2: 4tg?
User 1: no 8th 4th little i got i'll see the books and then i'll be confident
User 2: okayy let me know the solution
User 1: ya jennnn i got a rename card tell which name you like daughterofathena daughterofaphrodite hermajesty then when everyone refers they have to say hermajesty so cool tell fastttttt i'm so excited i can finally change my name this is more classic tho
User 2: .
User 1: aiyooo you like it? not daughterof athena?
User 2: name will be taken you'll have to put stupid number after it
User 1: let's see hehe i'm probably going to be latteeee i haven't even started bathing yet or yet
User 2: ready?? lunch?
User 1: skip
User 2: aiyooo break mai i'll go fast and submit my scale up form and then we'll go have foooddd
User 1: okk
User 2: cafeteria go directly
User 1: haan i'm here aajao i had to come back cause i didn't take my keys in three hundred and eight aajao
User 2: your class go over so fast? what time
User 1: i didn't have class na 3:30 to 4:30 got cancelled
User 2: oh right
User 1: so i'm in three hundred and eight rn
User 2: why did you come bsck
User 1: aajao i'm waiting for my keys
User 2: loll
User 1: and i had to get matlab licence
User 2: i'll tell you when to come ouy
User 1: oki wait i still haven't gotten the keys how about lady of cytherea
User 2: what's thay
User 1: how does it sound it's the title given to aphrodite goddess of love beauty and sexuality nevermind if you google cytherea you see that she's a porn star baaaad choice
User 2: acchw rakho do sounds nice
User 1:  no no
User 2: cool hai pagal
User 1: but if you google the first page is porn star ladyofcythera is then also fine then one story congress
User 2: this only i meant
User 1: comes haan okk sure kya jen sounds cool na?
User 2: yes
User 1: doneneeee
User 2: come play now
User 1: okk i'll not play more
User 2: why
User 1: i have to study and eat my chips
User 2: okaay good
User 1: wassup jen wanna play?
User 2: hello just woke up lol
User 1: aiyo studyy
User 2: just ate dinner
User 1: why you slept
User 2: shall do now even i was tired
User 1: aww baby okk mom might come on 1st march
User 2: aiyoo how will i give your gifts then rip
User 1: why it's bad kya ? you can give np
User 2: bad no i'm shy if she thinks they are bad toh ded
User 1: heheheh it's fine it's not confirmed
User 2: it's fine i'll give after she leaves
User 1: she won't think it's bad da she likes u
User 2: what were you telling me about russia ka ticket bolo
User 1: that's been booked
User 2: whenn
User 1: 5th to 15th july
User 2: wah internship? lol where where in russia?
User 1: dekha jaega donno dude
User 2: wah what an abstract plan maza toh ayega colddddd it will be get me something thanks
User 1: hehe yess i will
User 2: i completed one more subject only one to go then final sessional prep woohoo eefm only because of you thank you
User 1: good one welcome sweetie 
User 2: i love you going to sleep now
User 1: ilyt jen i think i'm getting over lays blue like the thought of it is giving me a
User 2: don't eat so much then
User 1: vomiting feeling no no i have exhausted this desire
User 2: sad
User 1: hehe why good na let it go
User 2: get a new one
User 1: then i can be healthy yaa apple i should eat more apples they're all good
User 2: good sleep now
User 1: jen i finished two subjects today tomorrow first day second subject and day after first day first subject then i'm on my way to a ten hehe 
User 2: great perfect
User 1: what happened baby
User 2: nice na
User 1: huh
User 2: sleeepppp
User 1: you're upset about something kya ?
User 2: no wtf
User 1: oh ok ok i thought lol np challo i'll change and sleep off
User 2: goodnight
User 1: jen i don't want to attend i'm feeling sleepy and tired jenitttttt
User 2: take off it's fine you haven't bunked anything sleep and then wake up and study portion is also over go directly for the lab baby
User 1: i will go for class portion is not over eee is mad
User 2: aiyo sad mere toh sab khatam
User 1: aww why does this aashi not wear clothes. who is the one on the left
User 2: lol petite hai jijus mom
User 1: waaah
User 2: where you
User 1: kahan i should come ? new gate
User 2: i'll cone
User 1: okay aajao
User 2: already done lol
User 1: went ?
User 2: yes sorry hi i'm applied at ge too i'm going to apply at vidits company lol mauritius mai
User 1: okk arre waahh
User 2: lol there toh i'll get also
User 1: contacts
User 2: ez i mean i want to get in merit but what to do
User 1: no need merit and all welcome to the world
User 2: india atleast ill get to go abroad and i'll get free accommodation in a good house chill hoga
User 1: oho don't be under this misconception everywhere this is the rule lol why you're talking like a loser that's pretty cool correct
User 2: its been too long ya i miss traveling
User 1: how many opportunities i gave you you only are doing natak this that aajao russia mazaa aega
User 2: time mahi hai pagal
User 1: you think vidits company can give me a fake certificate ? that i worked there ? last december?
User 2: yes lol prolly
User 1: great i'll ask dad and tell what's his company's name ? and what do they do
User 2: beef export  largest in india lolll
User 1: oho probably not then what will you say you did there?
User 2: nevermind he'll get you a job if you want in mauritius they have coca cola company
User 1: oooohhh jen sweetie my needles are coming today yayy
User 2: that's fine
User 1: what work will i do in a beef export company i'm vegetarian
User 2: coca cola mai
User 1: acha what work will i do in coca cola company
User 2: hoga kuch also where to apply for transcript
User 1: idk i'll still go with ge go and tell them in administration they'll give immediately i applied for rank certificate let's hope in top ten
User 2: no you have to apply na
User 1: not for transcript that they'll give ipoop
User 2: hehe. okay i'll get today
User 1: get my needles okk i'm done call me after lab
User 2: cone
User 1: aiyo what happened?
User 2: hehe poopoo i saw divya gave her and ran
User 1: all the time same thing lol haan
User 2: hello i did coding work that i didn't do and was annoying me small break now then dinner then one more subject hellloooo
User 1: hiiii hey jen
User 2: hello
User 1: imy
User 2: aww i love you
User 1: ilyt 
User 2: i'll call you before sleeping lots still left
User 1: same don't forget okay
User 2: bitch aashi has the photos and the unedited video she's still not forwarding she also pictures
User 1: tell her to send
User 2: she says she's busy with viva
User 1: be like
User 2: wtf i told
User 1: send send send send send send
User 2: she's like few days
User 1: send send send send send send send send
User 2: you've toh met her also text her saying bf ke pictures bhejo you owe me seven hundred and forty bucks just writing so i remember
User 1: no aiyoo okk dw i'll take you out for dinner again lolz
User 2: lolol okay then
User 1: you slept kya you said you'll call before sleeping
User 2: noo i will nice
User 1: not going for class gn call me 10:30
User 2: lol even i have one and i'm bunking
User 1: sleeping
User 2: how much da wake up
User 1: gm
User 2: about time dikshita accha listen so i got this call
User 1: say saying ?
User 2: apparently i uploaded my cv on naukri.com might have so in short they are like we'll get you a paid internship at wipro punr but you'll have to pay reg fee
User 1: wait isn't that great ? yayyy wipro is a good company na ?
User 2: the thing is that i don't know how trustworthy she is. yesss very
User 1: yesssss yayy ohoo i mean if it's naukri.com they would've done research about the company na they called you ?
User 2: i mean the bank account they want me to transfer to has the name naukri.com yes
User 1: when are they asking for the registration money ? no one takes registeration money jen !! tell na jen i must tell you my dream
User 2: arre she's like she will handle all the procedures and everything till the time i join
User 1: i don't know i'm scared how much reg ?
User 2: so i read online no one asks for moneu
User 1: that?
User 2: from naukri.com so i blocked her
User 1: correct ok good only good your good do you want to know r
User 2: close scam yes
User 1: what dream i had
User 2: tell dream
User 1: hehe it was vidushi ka sangeet night and everything was personally planned by me and mom mostly mom cause she's good at these things and it was damn personal and homely and nice and you missed the entire thing and came in the end and then you were like ab video dekhna padega i was like no need is fine then in another dream we were in a tiger centre i was chilling with a small baby and you left the baby's bottle somewhere so you went to get it and someone had left the tiger cage open so two juvenile tigers came out and surrounded you i saw that and i was like omg what is happening the baby was still there in my hand and i wanted to go help you too so i came with the baby ekdum near the fence where you were trapped and two more tigers came to you and i didn't know what to do so i woke up all sweaty and my heart beat was so fast then in another dream we were at a fashion show of all the good dresses for wedding and i saw a sulakshana monga piece that i liked and you were like what is wrong with you that isn't even nice what no comment ? missed video call
User 2: wait i'm eating lunch i'll readddd lol it will be opposite youbonlybwont like you want me dead in dreams also
User 1: correct
User 2: whyyyu you ate lunch?
User 1: ya are ate ijk bb
User 2: pakka?
User 1: ya pakka
User 2: what you doing kitna hua
User 1: 60
User 2: accha okay don't do tp okau
User 1: ya studying you too
User 2: competed first subject nap time found out what all to do should be smooth
User 1: lovely
User 2: you?
User 1: first subject done i'll revise now second subject after hi t
User 2: take rest otherwise you'll get tired lol
User 1: i'm good wanna pubg?
User 2: sleeping now baby you okay
User 1: ok
User 2: play
User 1: okk i'm bored jen jen jen
User 2: just woke up hoo
User 1: hello i suddenly wanted to poop
User 2: seeeee i'm not the only one dude we have become old
User 1: no i did good poop highly doubt it
User 2: wah good mind is clear now i'm scared for the first paper
User 1: yes
User 2: second one is fine
User 1: whyyyyy
User 2: theory
User 1: i'm scared for second aiyooo
User 2: and too many functions to remember
User 1: rote
User 2: how's it going
User 1: second subject i dunno first subject is peace
User 2: starting last chapter
User 1: good one i have booked your ticket for gully boy friday 6:45 happy valentine's day babydoll
User 2: fake valentine's
User 1: lols
User 2: goodnight love
User 1: goodnight sweetie  i'm sleeping wake me up at seven if i wake up thanks
User 2: i woke up an hour late
User 1: all done na ?
User 2: but fucked
User 1: aiyo no da
User 2: three five six four five you deleted this message you deleted this message nine elephant orphanage lol
User 1: hehe
User 2: i smoked a cig in the morning
User 1: you're pagal
User 2: i haven't done pot since you told me and i was feeling pressurenin morning so... sorry
User 1: lol jen it's k
User 2: started ?
User 1: nah dude one of my cousins "came out" to me yesterday night she called me and she's like you remember i was bi right turns out i'm gay i was like pretty cool but the parents are gonna be pretty shocked lolll
User 2: why didn't tell me yesterday naughty accha people were studying in your room it's k
User 1: idk i didn't think it was a big deal
User 2: it isssse coming out is hard i'm still in the closet
User 1: like that time i wasn't thinking about it
User 2: lol
User 1: cause i was studying and concentrating ohk haan jen but now onlu i like thought about how hard it's going to be let's see
User 2: exactly it's fine
User 1: yaa her dad's my dad's favourite bro they discuss their parenting strategies lolllllllll
User 2: wtf wah my dad doesn't have only brothers sadd
User 1: oops ho gaya yeh toh aiyo not even cousin ?
User 2: surprisingly dad's sister doesn't come home ever i toh saw her 2nd time in those ten days only
User 1: oooh sister moo boli?
User 2: i think hai but i don't like them
User 1: loll who do you like jennn
User 2: ha
User 1: moo hehe
User 2: arre they are very formal with me
User 1: heheheh haan so you can be formal with them also i'm watching full house lel
User 2: i've seen only one episode it was cute but the graphics ya
User 1: hehe yaaa old hai na ? isloye the baby is the olsen twins and they're like thirty now
User 2: i know one thousand, nine hundred and seventy-eight i think
User 1: ohhhhh
User 2: 1988 how much have you seen
User 1: ohh google kiya ? two epi
User 2: i checked the olsen birth which is one thousand, nine hundred and eighty-six so not possible
User 1: they are the olsen twins i'm 100 sure
User 2: yes
User 1: they filmed for two years na that's why
User 2: i'm saying so the release in one thousand, nine hundred and seventy-eight not possible lol
User 1: the baby grows up pretty fast in the series oh right okay maybe hey jen are you gay ?
User 2: no dw
User 1: who dis
User 2: you are still in a relationship congrats
User 1: thanks
User 2: random guy lol
User 1: it'll be sad to breakup on valentine's cause one is gay why'd you send it ? it's supposed to be funny kya ? i didn't get it 
User 2: look at his phone da
User 1: oneplus ?
User 2: pubgggg
User 1: okay so you think it's cool that someone is playing pubg ? wow jen you're lame no jk ily baby
User 2: thanks man kya kar rahe ho dikshita most of your gifts are hete hehe now more i'll order muhahahah
User 1: hehe i like this dude my bday should be all the time
User 2: aww you deserve gifts because you're so nice
User 1: yesssss i am nice thanks you
User 2: dikshita what's the difference between nominal and effective
User 1: nominal mein payment period  compounding period
User 2: frame a small question okay wait i'm explaining what i'm understanding correct me if i'm wrong for ieff n number of time the money will be compunded between any two of your payments
User 1: yo
User 2: when they say like i'm being able to do the effective interest sums nominal par only one was there replyyy
User 1: hi sweetie sorry i was busy
User 2: what you doing now
User 1: i'm doing stuff theory  problems whatever i want jaise
User 2: madman
User 1: whatcha upto ?
User 2: ate dinner going to sleep now dikshita try to find a calculator for her me i forgot mine in college didn't take it please find
User 1: aiyoooo
User 2: please thanks gn
User 1: take it from first year ? second year ? come to the block at 8:30 i arranged it but i'll give you mine and take the one i'm getting it's a very big deal do not lose my calc don't forget to bring interest factor table
User 2: thank you so much also
User 1: did you solve the paper solve and come it's tricky do theory don't forget
User 2: you get the present value like one year before only in pa na
User 1: yes no no you get present value in everything one year before ya na you're counting back so in this what i've done is first i found the equivalent at the 15th year then i dated it back to zero what i would do  what he's done
User 2: understood thah but then how you get principal at year zero if you do with fifteen
User 1: ya count it na fourteen thirteen twelve eleven ten ..... zero 15
User 2: what the one year before you get principal scene then you tell
User 1: arre this only da what do i tell in this
User 2: in which formulas do we get p one year before
User 1: all formulas !
User 2: accha got it
User 1: are you sure ?
User 2: yes in nominal m and n are always same right
User 1: no in nominal n is always one compounding period and payment period is same
User 2: if question is compounded binannually at 8
User 1: ok
User 2: and if they are asking effective interest
User 1: nominal is 4 effective is m two n two if they said 18 compounded monthly over here 4 cause 82
User 2: understood explain
User 1: for effective interest its annual effective interest rate so pp one year so in your question m  two n2
User 2: ohh okay
User 1: i'm going to my class i told you be here at 8:30 what is this jen
User 2: i'll come to nlh
User 1: call me when you get here i'll come down one floor you come up one floor and take i'll not give mine then i'll give the extra i'm in four hundred and three tumhara hi right hai i made an error ufffoooo
User 2: lol what error baby
User 1: arre damn sad 13 then also peace
User 2: dikshita revels ke artists ke liye you wanna go?
User 1: yes if you're going then me too else with divya i'll go last revels jen
User 2: stand up to we'll go true
User 1: take part this time
User 2: i'll attend events na i'll see but dw
User 1: no competition ?
User 2: i'll do mostly .
User 1: haaan ok idm i gave a lot of laundry lol
User 2: and then ritwiz
User 1: oki
User 2: udgaye wala lel
User 1: haha haan okk pubg ? deetee you're going ? no place you will get full it'll be
User 2: i'm going for the candle light march for pulwama martyrs
User 1: for what ? okk go
User 2: then i'll let you know
User 1: oki
User 2: only five games send after thirty
User 1: okk
User 2: lol kaustubh told us about his brothers first kill
User 1: auto aiyo  in real life ?
User 2: he's in the highest rank of army. yes in real life babe
User 1: aiyo
User 2: it's funny you wanna hear?
User 1: okau later tho playing stock exchange with girls
User 2: nice
User 1: wahh
User 2: respect karna padega ba
User 1: pagal
User 2: what pagal it's true
User 1: hehe are you sure you're supposed to drink when they don't at all i don't know
User 2: dude when kaustubhs brother left the unit, the commanding officer told him that we'll have less weed without him in the group so lol at you 
User 1: aiyo soldiers cool cool
User 2: anything they do is fine dudeeee hehe
User 1: hi baby
User 2: so i arav and kaustubh were talking and drunk so arav is like bhaiiiii and then kissed him on the cheej as a bro then i was like gayyyy then they both kissed me on cheeks kaustubh toh multiple times
User 1: aww are you saying you liked it?
User 2: noooo
User 1: hehe
User 2: i didn't
User 1: it's okay jen you can tell me if you're bi i love you na baby
User 2: no baby dw
User 1: aww i'm watching andhadhun
User 2: you're the only one i want to fuck lolll
User 1: yessssssssss good and that makes me the wrong one ? or the right one ?
User 2: sad you have to ask saddddd kitna games you played lol
User 1: sad you didn't reply quite a lot i saw andhadhun jen i think you will really enjoy it
User 2: three hundred and thirty bitch i saw thoda when jheal and the helper we're watching
User 1: ohkk even when you saw you didn't reply
User 2: you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message . .
User 1: great pls book the same flight thanks i can't not meet you for three full month's mumbai mangalore flight love you baby
User 2: okayyhy
User 1: jen i'm bored i don't want to study
User 2: watch movie then start
User 1: i'm going to sleep i think i didn't sleep i woke up at 9:40; too early
User 2: lolll even i woke up much after that
User 1: han
User 2: what you doing
User 1: sleeping i was
User 2: kitna loll
User 1: oops i was really sleepy i think
User 2: good all tiredness gone going to study when
User 1: yes
User 2: accha can you do something please whenever you're free
User 1: i'll think about it
User 2: i fucked up the alignment i forgot how to word
User 1: i'll need to do this on your laptop
User 2: why
User 1: otherwise i'll have to reenter the entire thing on my laptop
User 2: you can just open it directly after downloading from whatsappweb na
User 1: no how acha fine i'll see remind me
User 2: you stupid or what okayyyy thanks go have dinner soon
User 1: if i'm so stupid then you do it yourself
User 2: i love you na
User 1:  
User 2: hehe
User 2: gay
User 2: i'm done with 75 maths wohoo
User 1: i didn't start good one congo can i go for dinner with my class people to laughing buddha rishabh jayant pranjal shrestha jen pls reply plan for eight
User 2: cool don't have to ask for permission just a heads up
User 1: ok
User 2: order bruschetta
User 1: laughing mein ? haan okk i'll do that
User 2: it wasn't there na last time
User 1: yaaa right what else we ordered
User 2: kaprov rice soup nachos
User 1: hi jen how come you didn't text baby
User 2: hello
User 1: chilling with peeps?
User 2: i did coursera
User 1: ohkl
User 2: these guys just came drunk everyone lolll
User 1: hahaha good good
User 2: what you doing
User 1: uploading photo on insta
User 2: hehe which
User 1: certificate one
User 2: mera obviously
User 1: ya go like
User 2: forty likes in twenty minutes wahh
User 1: it's coming in pretty slow tbh
User 2: greedy baby needy baby
User 1: hehe love you baby
User 2: love you too i'm so sleepy lol woke up at eleven i'll sleep in a bit how was dinner
User 1: loll sleep baby fun only we were rapping our own raps
User 2: shi you can't rap also
User 1: i can write poetry are you sure i can't rap are you
User 2: poetry is for gay
User 1: sure
User 2: yes
User 1: i'm gay jenn
User 2: dikshita i found new place to eay
User 1: tell
User 2: idm hehe prana cafr
User 1: haan that's nice
User 2: gm kaha ho helloooooo what you doing da what time you slept lil
User 1: i'm getting vv bored i don't want to study lol
User 2: when did you wake up
User 1: i woke up at one i pooped now i'm wondering what to do
User 2: lunch don't waste time go
User 1: haan mom wants tech help i have to call her also
User 2: what she wants
User 1: idk let's find out she wanted something on excel but now it's done
User 2: lol everyone is stuck at excel onky
User 1: why ?
User 2: old people don't know excel
User 1: ya haha did you see the iaeste offers ?
User 2: go have lunch na yep i selected four
User 1: haan my back hurts actually go for it
User 2: but i need to upload so many things that i don't have what to do
User 1: yaa when's the last date ?
User 2: twenty-one
User 1: work on it today and get it signed tomorrow lot of time is there like that
User 2: i'll study today. i did all extra things in morning
User 1: ya who does coursera in the middle of exams da
User 2: coursera only one peer graded assignment left lol
User 1: acha okk
User 2: why not lol have lunch fat girl
User 1: how come you didn't go for marathon babydoll calling me fat ? itna kiya marathon this that and you didn't go ? you're extremely lazy
User 2: loll not because of this da
User 1: then ? headache ? drunk last night? i toh told you only
User 2: i thought i would do at least ten but then since before wedding i haven't run only
User 1: you won't go
User 2: no i was going to go but not complete 21k
User 1: haha okk
User 2: eefm day i ran i realised i failed so sad tbh i didn't get the bib also lol
User 1: acha you didn't go at all and you'd paid also aiyo
User 2: lazy in this matter too but running wouldn't have been possible for sure sad i failed
User 1: it's fine don't try again go to the gym it's enough
User 2: you just want me to biceps
User 1: yaaas
User 2: urgh fine lik lol ate dinner na? or skipped?
User 1: as in ?
User 2: lunch
User 1: ate but i pooped again second time since morning i don't think laughing buddha food suits me aiyo i really like the food there tho missed video call jen i'm really bored pls motivate how will i study there's so much to mug
User 2: oice its like me and red kitchen
User 1: lol
User 2: we'll order red kitchen today lol
User 1: it's like me with all spicy aapne ily nahi bola
User 2: i love youuuy
User 1: aap bhi shy ho lollllzzzz okay imma gonna go buy lays
User 2: aap bhi? who else
User 1: me lol
User 2: hehehe she's new da too new i haven't even met her properly thoda to hoga dikshita we are not taking only talking sad i love you padha?
User 1: it's all your fault you don't have time only bad jen i love you too thoda thoda
User 2: you only didnt reply. ml is hard
User 1: what will i reply in this is it a question no na then ?
User 2: aww lol what did you do dude vidits other girl came over and she wasn't leaving only
User 1: cute?
User 2: so he just csme nope
User 1: pubg  esd
User 2: he liked her thoda so
User 1: okk
User 2: is it hard
User 1: yes theory and instruction set they're not going to give and two processors are there great dinner today paneer in green gravy
User 2: ew camels poop but at least you're eating good good two rotis at least which ones
User 1: pic f877 arm seven tdmi
User 2: dikshita you will love what i ordered for you today absolutely pakkkaaa
User 1: okay okay jen i have to ask one thing missed video call
User 2: sorry i can't do ml anymore too messed up it is
User 1: do baby you must but why not tho i thought you liked it missed video call
User 2: not my class lik i'm in 6f 1-30 lol how many lectures do you have
User 1: one done loll going back
User 2: waitt i'm almost done wait wait attendance is do e i'm cominggggtg
User 1: i'm going to see paper jen i'll meet you later sorry hum where are you ?
User 2: come
User 1: fab india
User 2: if you think so
User 1: lol checking my net it's working good i'm in the cafeteria you come after you're done
User 2: where da
User 1: cafeteria aajao i bought new body wash pomogranate
User 2: which brand but
User 1: dove
User 2: nice good you'll smell fruity
User 1: yes hehe
User 2: like always but different yayyy
User 1: lol haha
User 2: break time
User 1: i hope you like it no no no break for me
User 2: i did remaining of second
User 1: i have to maintain my position at 1
User 2: and in a while i'll do first good
User 1: good good
User 2: yesss
User 1: do do ya dude all semesters digital always a how to not maintain
User 2: maintain
User 1: i'll cry if i can't
User 2: exactly do do
User 1: ya challo bye
User 2: call when fre
User 1: i opened to see the paper actually ttyl just got done with pic arm to go and then revision how's the josh ? high sir ! i have to poop poop break for diks
User 2: gooddd hehe i like to study while pooping
User 1: lol
User 2: tryyyy
User 1: i did in the morning
User 2: your pwckag will be here in two days wohoo
User 1: are you talking about your penis lollll sorry yaaaay i'm excited my dress also has been shipped
User 2: wah too many gifts for you
User 1: hehe yayyy this is paid dw
User 2: lol play okay
User 1: haan
User 2: break overrrr
User 1: pms pretty bad this time i feel damn offended at everything sad
User 2: what happened noe
User 1: idk ok
User 2: dw just focus drink water
User 1: ya i drank and peed i don't want to go out tomorrow i want to stay in and exercise maybe
User 2: dine
User 1: i must get my eyebrows done bro i look like a gorilla
User 2: no man you look fine only i couldn't see also i love you i'm sleeping goodnight honey
User 1: i love you too sweetie gn even i'm sleeping call me 6:00
User 2: okay 
User 1: my general electric healthcare ka stuff is on wednesday so parlour tomorrow for me wanna come ? hair and nails ?
User 2: hair mai time and nails i'll cut by myself lol
User 1: aiyo tumko luxury nahi pata i have to wash my hair and there's no hot water brrrr
User 2: study instead lol
User 1:  pagal hai kya ho gaya sab
User 2: arre wah badelog
User 1: thanks all the best sweetie
User 2: you too honey what rank lol 87
User 1: rank one na dumbs you studied kya ? i don't feel like only maaan
User 2: i procrastinated slept ate
User 1: acha wah
User 2: just started
User 1: i payed pubg lol i'm pooping study them atb love you honey bunch 
User 2:  love you too
User 1: reached
User 2: hii
User 1: hi jen i showered i'm clean i put my face cream also meet me tomorrow i'll look hott
User 2: how so fast don't you always
User 1: super fast i am
User 2: but i shall i know lol
User 1: hehe lol lol
User 2: decrease header
User 1: no i'm tired wanna pubg ?
User 2: sleeping
User 1: acha gn bb
User 2: good sleep i had with you hehe
User 1: i agree we're mfeo jen
User 1:  i miss i shortlisted some iaeste things
User 2: goof morning task - write python code to perform feature extraction from a set of audio signals. the audio signals are human speech and features to be extracted are given : -
User 1: don't print anything i got it done nahi acha likha let's hope they see gpa
User 2: what test was there?
User 1: yaa
User 2: greatt
User 1: i came to class
User 2: why what's happening next
User 1: waiting for results
User 2: who will call you
User 1: they'll post on student group
User 2: accha good
User 1: in for ge gd going to the library
User 2: i didn't see your name
User 1: fourth name
User 2: oh lollll so weirdly written good good go all the best speak acchese
User 1: haan okk
User 2: started?
User 1: ended let's see
User 2: where are you
User 1: library through
User 2: wahhhhh got through?
User 1: waiting for interview
User 2: wow good interview toh through beautiful you look all the best
User 1: how you saw baby
User 2: i know inside lol where arebyou i'm leaving did it happen
User 1: it was bad
User 2: aw why
User 1: good one jen
User 2: they wanted me to pose da  you think i'll get a good candid otherwise
User 1: smoking
User 2: aiyo no do da chill why was interview bad telll
User 1: arre kuch kuch pucha jo nahi aata tha vahi poocha kafee bad
User 2: what about others
User 1: i was fifth
User 2: and
User 1: i said stuff
User 2: how many people left
User 1: no one yet
User 2: i am asking how many lef tin total
User 1: a lot ten in
User 2: bapre its oka whats happening now
User 1: waiting for interview results and hr interview
User 2: did you eat
User 1: no
User 2: arree go eat first get something thoda youre waiting on ony
User 1: no i'm waiting for hr cleared technical
User 2: wahhhh the one that didnt go well na they might have some people back how many left
User 1: eight
User 2: oooo good food
User 1: ya done with hr now again waiting
User 2: wooho was it an interview
User 1: ya
User 2: whats happening
User 1: out last round sad
User 2: aww its okat good one goo experience also who all got tho
User 1: rishabh jayant amit and one guy from mech
User 2: wah
User 1: haan good one i got a bad pimple tho
User 2: lol stress
User 1: not really i had fun like that
User 2: where are you what plan
User 1: i'm in the room idk i'll apply to iaeste now hehe
User 2: lol
User 1: something better in store for me maybe
User 2: for sure dw
User 2: my head is aching and these boys want to drink
User 1: you can't go
User 2: even kaustubh is coming over
User 1: tell them you have to sleep and go to sleep wanna go for dinner ?
User 2: ghar par
User 1: egg factor ?
User 2: not today
User 1: then you don't have to do acha okay bye then
User 2: i'm doing my task kabka lol do do new seat cover came it's small lol i'll do some juggad
User 1: what seat cover go drink na
User 2: toilet don't want to head is aching
User 1: okk sleep then
User 2: do you have all proofs
User 1: of ?
User 2: iaeste
User 1: i changed some things they didn't check
User 2: aiyoo what all is even left might be getting fever again i tried to eat puked feel better now
User 1: acha okkk can i call? missed video call my moods pretty off tbh mom is coming on 1st there's party in my hotel room and you are my first invite
User 2: aiyo nevermind i don't have to go for interview practice.ai ka didn't get selected lol
User 1: how they already did selections?
User 2: exactly lol scam all these companies are man
User 1: aiyo gpa ?
User 2: people with less than mine got shortlisted
User 1: hi jen whatsup baby
User 2: i won zombie wala i saw the tyrant
User 1: hahaha anddd
User 2: he throws rocks and all
User 1: aiyoooo
User 2: harshit is in bt he spoke to his parents
User 1: y abt
User 2: and he's talking about his us now so is telling
User 1: us ? achaaa
User 2: usa
User 1: why usa
User 2: he's like he wasted 3.5 cr there and all don't know what he spoke about with parents
User 1: when ? wtf
User 2: he tried engineering in cincinnati for two years before manipal
User 1: oho talk to me jen
User 2: medicine is not working sleep is also not coming
User 1: aiyo jen i feel i would've got it if i got jayant rishabh ka examiner mine just asked me stuff he already knew i didn't know it's not fair i think it's fine now if i say like this people will think i'm bitter why would he ask me what i already didn't write like he legit sat with my paper and asked me all the things i didn't know again and paper mein i was second to jayant by one mark so i already knew more than most most kya all except jayant what is the point of asking the same questions the other guy who interviewed all four people who got in he asked stuff like what did you do in your internship what is your favourite subject tell me more things in your subject this guy asked me why i listed eight thousand and fifty-one as a skill and then didn't ask me anything else from my cv now that i think about it it was very unfair dude
User 2: everyone gets that feeling dw think about the unfair thing microsoft people did sucks exactly true it always happens new opportunities now
User 1: waaah
User 2: gm
User 1: gm sweetie i have a pimple it's pretty bad i taped it
User 2: aiyo with whay
User 1: with tape medical wala
User 2: bapre my class was cancelled lol i'm in class where are you baby
User 1: i'm in class aajao ohooo
User 2: i fucked up my assignment i think rippp
User 1: aiyo
User 2: man i had ten mins left should have checked it again fuckkk sar
User 1: you went kya ?
User 2: where
User 1: my parcel is coming pls collect fully paid
User 2: okayy your gift also came too good it is
User 1: haaan ? waaah reliance is coming 30k two months woohooo
User 2: for?
User 1: placement internship
User 2: i meant which branchea
User 1: reliance industries ice eee mechanical chen
User 2: acchaa nevermind when but
User 1: donno i'll fill now hehe i'm happy now i don't feel so sad about ge
User 2: university of illinois has come up with the following program for students.
User 1: wow let's go dude
User 2: yepp
User 1: jen mera dress aya?
User 2: yes
User 1: okk you're going for lab na baby?
User 2: have to. i'll do fast fast i get your parcel?
User 1: no babu i'll come and take after gym meet you and go off head massage and facial you want ?
User 2: you'll be tired just come seeing you only will make me feel good
User 1: it's fine i will get you things baby i love you
User 2: what will you get lol
User 1: me and head massage
User 2: aiyo only you come
User 1: https:drive.google.comopen?id1b1wrgin1pa0q9vhysj2v2yu7ufmaz-wa
User 2: when you going to mareena
User 1: can you open and see this ? four pm i will go
User 2: yes
User 1: ok thanks https:join.skype.cominviteizg1nfvzgm0s i completed reliance ka work applied
User 2: good good
User 1: ya hehe
User 2: what you doing went to mareena?
User 1: just woke up i'll go now i'll come to your house after that
User 2: yes honey
User 1: dinner sucks today anyway
User 2: okayhh
User 1: skip off jen don't book car they shut the kaya in mangalore
User 2: lollll
User 1: i'm excercise get cycle hehe what are you upto ?
User 2: hehe nice just applied for jobs now fifa hehe even i'm running lol
User 1: good in the tv aiyo i saw pics so many you can post i can't remember when she wore that pink dress which function da ? why is this not proper ?
User 2: you deleted this message don't knoww mumbai one
User 1: jen aapne card nahi diya ?
User 2: dude harshit finished seven week courseb between after college and now
User 1: it's that good?
User 2: you also do courseea you only tell
User 1: good only it's nice man it's holding my hair well like
User 2: i'm so glad lol all gifts you must like like not rachel like but not twenty-one oops
User 1: yaaa i love you sweetheart
User 2: i love you toooo
User 1: i like all the effort u made 
User 2: hehe least you deserve
User 1: hehe i naughty
User 2: aiyooo don't send all this on whatsapp mad girl
User 1: hehe you didn't like?
User 2: loved but snapchat hehe
User 1: i don't want you to masturbate loll
User 2: whyyy
User 1: no i don't want u to do it cause i feel useless then
User 2:  you're the best thing to happen to my penis dw
User 1: hehe
User 2: i wished vidushi hehe where are you
User 1: mess
User 2: hi
User 1: hiii
User 2: after mareena come to pp with change of clothes
User 1: ok
User 2: dude harshit went to a teacher to talk and all like about future and stuff too serious he has become
User 1: aiyo correct
User 2: hes like he cant ask his dad for anything
User 1: what why
User 2: even i might apply here this is vidits contact
User 1: ok go go
User 2: hes like already i have asked him too much and when he asks people for an internship for his son they will ask for cv and then i dont want get dad to embarrassed because hes like nothing is there on his cv kinda true
User 1: lol
User 2: very sensitive issue so i dont even say anything
User 1: okk ya leave can i come without clean clothes ? i'll have to carry a lot of things also are you coming for class ? i'm pooping
User 2: you ate how much tell
User 1: i ate sprouts tha aaaj kadee and aaloo methi with roti i ate it it was fine tell na?
User 2: yes baby lol
User 1: okay
User 2: no space in bag or what
User 1: i have to get lots of things hair wash so don't wanna do in your house i'll get clothes but i'll take short shower and cuddle
User 2: hehe okay you're shampoo is there
User 1: no no hair will fall then you're going to shoot shout
User 2:  it's fine da
User 1: no i won't get lols
User 2: fine gosh
User 1: i'll skip one one day and wash
User 2: your dinner here??
User 1: so next on sunday i'll wash no i'll eat at the mess i don't like your ghar ka khana suddenly why he's making so bad food
User 2: don't know ya he made aloo rn let's see
User 1: okk can we go to sleep pls i'm pretty sleepy some people are walking in the floor above me dhum dhum uffko
User 2: sure dikshita that illinois this is there today
User 1: ohooo i forgot
User 2: fuck it did you get eefm i got those three mcqs were wrong 13.5 woohoo i'm done with eefm baby come to cafeteria i'm very hungry get two rupees
User 1: waaah ok i'll come in five baby
User 2: comeeeeee i got 9.5 in ai everyone got fucked so it's finrb lol
User 1: ohooo can i play bball with class peeps i'll go to gym after that
User 2: you'll not go only then you'll say you're too tired you decide whatever you wanna exercise do that
User 1: only one hour then gym for diks
User 2: okay thenn i already got done they just took feedback and leftbus
User 1: feedback for ? today my agenda listen first i'll do arms then i'll go for cardio one hundred cal then i'll do abs then i'll come to meet you yayy
User 2: good too much no condom sex  you deleted this message
User 1: aiyooo yaa
User 2: you didn't stoppp
User 1: cause it was a safe dayy
User 2: thought so i know you see everything
User 1: haha i'm smart and responsible happy llama
User 2: bad ending gmmm
User 1: gmm
User 2: i'm going to campus call me if you want to meet today no pp started working on my project
User 1: i was sleeping vabay i'm gng to marena now
User 2: cutie gogo send picssss
User 1: okay nvm don't see
User 2: aiyo creeppyyyyy
User 1: haaan ok damn rude jen damn rude
User 2: aiyo im still working da helping harshit also simultaneously motu how was gymmm
User 1: good give me got season one pls
User 2: tomorrow pakka how come you wanna watch s1
User 1: anjali wants man
User 2: lol thought so haa tomorrow pakka
User 1: han
User 2: had dinner?
User 1: i'll not come tomorrow great dinner great rice i had
User 2: whyyyy
User 1: no cause you didn't call today i'm sad
User 2: aiyo sorry baby but i'm pretty exhausted enough i did now must chillll with youuuuu on text lol
User 1: haha okk i got season one got from a classmate in 13th itself my body hurts
User 2: noooooo my quality is better
User 1: i got already daa you take too much time we don't have time she has to watch all before it releases
User 2: true she's never seen it?
User 1: no i will go for shower divya is vv drinking some party is there till then i have to shower and be ready
User 2: drunk? where ready for what
User 1: hideout
User 2: aiyoo .
User 1: ready to recieve drunk divya
User 2: send videos lol i also want to see
User 1: loll okk
User 2: https:www.linkedin.cominjenit-jain-0b31b0160
User 1: jen bb do you have hotstar premium ? we want to watch koffee with karan
User 2: no baby lol even i want modern fam
User 1: you know when i was sleeping in the afternoon i had a damn scary dream i forced myself awake we were sleeping okay we had chota baby and then that baby became a monster baby and ate you and you said dikshita runnn get everyone out !! i love youuuu!! and i ran away but then i realised it was a dream so i was trying to force myself awake but then i found some people and then i woke up
User 2: wah apocalypse mar hi do mujhe
User 1: i tried to save you also by soothing the baby but the baby was scary and then after that the baby turned you also into a monster white walker logic and i was like gone bhaagooo
User 2: wh sacrifice dikshitaaaaa
User 1: hahaha acha hai at least dreams mein aap mere liye sacrifice kiye good i did two of your fav things poop and got ok gn sweetie ily i'm watching got though so text if you want
User 2: heheh i love you tooo i'm going to sleep only now
User 1: aww idm just don't touch the sensitive place you guys want to do that only naughty dinner is tomorrow at prana cafe don't forget
User 2: yes ma'am yes hehe gm
User 1: ok post pics on instagram jen wait i'll tell you you should post a series of three pics so that it comes in a row when you open your profile on instagram
User 2: i'm waiting for pics no one is sending only da nooo three pics in one posy
User 1: but you got such great pics no man don't be a noob
User 2: can't be cocky. plus what if i don't get likes on all
User 1: it doesn't matter na you on instagram for likes or what acha put off one dp on whatsapp this one simply idk why no photo is there
User 2: dude your sister is as basic as it gets she's priyanka level basic she's nice tho this can be done yaaasss okayy
User 1: lol lovely
User 2: aiyo so cocky hehe but i look nice i couldn't fit my shoes in the pic shish suppp i saw full ant man after waking up lol i tried to fix my cv it didn't happen you do na please
User 1: i'll do it today sweetie dw i'll come home na then i'll do date night tonight don't forget aiyo i'll help wait abhi daalo chalega everyone is saying damn nice pics post off three in a row mastttt post one day ka break mein you'll get a lot of likes and i'm sure you'll get more followers also handsome rich boy go for it  kya jen reply
User 2: so sorry forgot to reply lol lol thanks nooo doubt khijhu when you coming home
User 1: abhi nahu four ke aas pass yeh kya likha
User 2: khi khi hehehehe why so late
User 1: abhi i'm dirty and smelly and damn comfy in my bed and i'm watching got season one ep five acha jen these girls are planning to play games in the block i don't wanna play with them bitches
User 2: who bitches you play whenever and come i know you like playinhb if you can play with molester sympathisers you can definitely play with bitches what time
User 1: i already told them i won't play you're damn irritating jen remember these girls are both molester sympathisers and bitches no i don't want to play
User 2: aiyo you only call them friends so i have to play along whatever it may be you play and come or just come let me know when
User 1: haan yeh episode ke baad i'll do
User 2: do what
User 1: shower and come to you
User 2: haaa
User 1: haan
User 2: come at four
User 1: okay
User 2: who all wanted to play and are you giving your games 
User 1: chantal nethraa sriya divya upach ya i'll give
User 2: aiyo i want you to play itna fun you have
User 1: no i want to meet you jen you haven't met me for fifty days
User 2: same
User 1: rude you are
User 2: but youre being stupid nooo
User 1: kabhi kabhi toh pakad mein aate ho
User 2: i love you
User 1: kaise chode
User 2: mom shas the same thing dw aapki pakad mai hi rahunga
User 1: bas
User 2: hamesha
User 1: lelo sabko granted sahi hai  
User 2: aiyooo pagal
User 1: aww i jk bb
User 2: i actually worked a lot past days seeing harshit bust his ass arav also studied surprisingly be happy toh greater good baby kaha jaunga
User 1: ohooooo excuse  anjali is showering now me next
User 2: rudeeee
User 1:  learnt from the best
User 2: marukyaaaa no aww betiii
User 1: hehe 
User 2: rujuta is having knee surgery suddrnyl something happened and they said it's tissue tear
User 1: ohoo aise kaise ? 
User 2: she just felt pain then she went o the doc he did test and saod
User 1: ohoo
User 2: sad ya but i'm glad she at least said friend rehne chaiye acche log who are friends also rn i'm not replying late wifi is fluctuating and my plan got over lol
User 1: yaaa that's right hey jen i got something to try today be ready by 4:30 acha it's fine
User 2: i got it's it no gett
User 1: what are you typing i can't understand
User 2: get what you have
User 1: oki
User 2: ohhhhh i'm excited
User 2: hehe 70s showwww unblock me on fb ya
User 1: idk how to do this
User 2: i have to tag you in so many things
User 1: haha how to do dude idk arreeee very nice i seen this this is from different angle all steps you remembered waaaah what about the red scarf you didn't get ?
User 2: i think i was supposed to but then just before this acting scene was going on so for that i didnt need so no one told me and i forgot because never even used for practice eh its fine lol
User 1: it's fine n definitely lovely you did send more pics tho
User 2: thanks even i don't have the pictures baby jheal had to send might be busy
User 1: okk kya jen wassup you're not blocked na you have to unblock me imma watch got finish season one and then sleep off aaj mera photos kheecha bhejo na pls
User 2: i can't find your name only to unblock not even on messenger lol rippp i found your old account also two thousand and nine wala loo cv dikshitaa
User 1: lolllll serves you right simply blocking me all the time
User 2: nooo you only irritated me its your fault only shh
User 1: go to settings go to privacy see blocked contacts and unblock
User 2: okayyy thanks
User 1: abhi karo arre jen see vidushis whatsapp story
User 2: i cant see its not coming
User 1: why ? refresh oho internet  that stupid lady came and woke me dude i was legit watching a movie in my sleep some drama in a small village comedy show damn nice
User 2: dikshita banjao aap karan joharr director lot of money you'll earn especially in india
User 1: hahahah
User 2: karo
User 1: it does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live 
User 2: wah kya bola go to sleep honey ill wake you pu
User 1: jen maine kal raat ko aapko bahut miss koya maine socha kyun nahi to sleep with jen cozy comfortable and loved akele hostel bed pe
User 2: exactlly na
User 1: apne jaise sote hain it's surprising no one falls off the bed doosra house mein jao aap pp irritating lagta hai rehne nahi dete mujhe i'm getting four papers today mostly i'm damn excited plus scared how to sleep like this idk aiyo
User 2: lol yes shifting mostly hehe dw you'll get good marks in all highest milega dw sleep now honey
User 1: okay i won't worry gn emilia clarke got three dragons tattooed on her wrist
User 2: i know baby they released five seconds of the first scene of season eight unsullied and dragons arriving at winterfell
User 1: don't watch our
User 2: seee
User 1: it" why arre spoilers
User 2: no da five seconds its fine you see
User 1: ohoo ok ok lunch skip ho gaya eefm i got 12.5
User 2: thought so gooddd
User 1: no need this is going to be my worst subject
User 2: weren't you challenging in this subject? lol chill ra it's very easy subject
User 1: oho abhi time hai finals mein dekhenge
User 2: el exactly can't come baby sorry dude what bs correction i got only seven average is six lol i should get at least 4.5 more
User 1: ohooo what happened
User 2: i'll go for paper checkinh
User 1: which subject ml ?
User 2: they didn't understand my approach pcap
User 1: ohoo okk
User 2: ml he'll upload today he said
User 1: dude in the ml oe people got two till when do you have class?
User 2: 5:30 
User 1: oki i will wait kind of i'll go to see my paper eefm paper now
User 2: okayyy
User 1: what to do i'm done i got eefm he will increase so 13-13.5 ho jaega
User 2: why
User 1: kyunki itna wrong nahi tga and mi fourteen i got
User 2:  cheater only you are wahhh good one baby
User 1: arre i asked him what's the marking scheme so he said 1 for ieff so i said sir only one mark should be cut then he said correct
User 2: wah
User 1: so half mark in the mcq
User 2: great ttyl
User 1: one here oki i'm waiting for you in the cafeteria aajao i'm waiting haan don't run away ok aajana
User 2: haaa ml i got fourteen lol
User 1: ohioooo jenit killing the scene good good keep it up
User 2: https:www.scoopwhoop.comlive-in-relationships-in-india?refsocialtypefbb0 most are already apply for us good good keep it up hehe
User 1: ohoo arre jen malum hai aapko apne first hai kyun you worry
User 2: hehe
User 1: correct poorvi is getting more than me and pranjal is getting less than me idk what is happening lol poorvi got fifteen in the paper i got fourteen how the fuck do these things happen dude it's amazing i'm still ahead rn cause i have 12.5 in eefm and she has eleven she's such a hypocrite you know simply she will be saying that kitna competition you guys do and she'll only do maximum competition offo these girls
User 2: lol done?
User 1: ohk just started
User 2: aiyo do do
User 1: haan done shoulders and all i did 4kg 5kg delts machine jyada ho gaya can't even lift my bottle aiyo how to oil and wash hair missed video call what happened with harshit tell?
User 2: increasing i like heheh back is hurting and you did delts wah
User 1: wait
User 2: fkk
User 1: that was a shoulder excercise
User 2: he was so pissed at vidiy you don't know
User 1: my shoulders hurt ohoo
User 2: arav and kaustubh we're neutral
User 1: haan it didn't concern them at all toh
User 2: last message is a joke but except that bonded too much with the bois everyone is tipsy so everyone is sharing stories damnnnn nice
User 1: wah very nice simply you got stressed then call me whenever you want sweetheart
User 2: these people all texted vidit to tell him to stfu
User 1: ohooo do you wanna see lowkey kolkata wedding dance function ?
User 2: yessssss whose function
User 1: one hundred yrs of temple  bhuas grandson marriage find my mom and my sister hehe
User 2: i'll do wait thoda plis
User 1: haan okk hehe
User 2: i love you jaannnnn
User 1:  shiver pooped on my bed he's too cute his butt was stinking i caught him
User 2: your? kaustubh is fun.  this is what i sent him
User 1: hi baby sorry haan let me read amaze
User 2: readds
User 1: okay jennnn i love you honey but you're a drama llama cutie i understand you're angry but thoda from his side you see idk what you want your dynamic to be tumko tensed chalta hai then good like if someone was around me all the time i would much rather be like leave it buddy you're only right jaise whatcha upto babydoll what did he trying reply  good you cleared with him but what is this system of getting into a brawl and threatening people and all what nonsense act like a crpati ka son na if you act like vidit then what's the point see this now jen!!!!! see na baby missed video call
User 2: noooooo nothing there is
User 1: damn cute she's looking he was stressed he said na stress mein people say dumb things shouldn't think too much into it where are you running away
User 2: see vidit needs to know what he can talk about or else don't talk drunk
User 1: oho kal class hai don't miss go to sleep beautiful
User 2: i'm not a crorepati son. im a proud son
User 1: correct beautiful boy
User 2: everyone in your family has such grace with dsnce good sangeet we'll have
User 1: hehe
User 2: good
User 1: no background dancers needed
User 2: i shall complement your mom when she comes
User 1: hehe
User 2: lolll
User 1: no no no don't she doesn't like it
User 2: ehy
User 1: if people see her pics and all tell about vidushis dance
User 2: beti ka bfffff so nice
User 1: cute she's looking na
User 2: why does she get bihar guys i don't know haa
User 1: lol she's very simple dude
User 2: cute she is
User 1: she'll like anyone who pampers her little also
User 2: dudeee
User 1: when you meet her take her for tea
User 2: so you remember i went to europe long back na mom or sis
User 1: buy her chotu things sis
User 2: okayyu
User 1: mom doesn't eat food only fruits
User 2: like you
User 1: permanent fast arre no
User 1: dating fasting. haan tell
User 2: so basically we took a second cousins along because she's close to fam she lives two floors neeche
User 1: ohk
User 2: so we made like aquaintaince friend from that teip same age
User 1: haan so then
User 2: so they started dating
User 1: ohoooo
User 2: now rishta fixed
User 1: oh wah hahaha good
User 2: everyone accepted because known people
User 1: lol
User 2: lot more love marriage in my family than yours
User 1: it's okay jen don't worry no sane person will reject me
User 2: you are tho
User 1: i am what ?
User 2: youre from kolkata are you tho
User 1: lol then also they'll not reject
User 2: awwww cutie you are baby
User 1: bringing a girl and sending a girl are two vv different things
User 2: true second cousin is a girl
User 1: you think you can beat all the rishtas that will come for me ?
User 2: send in ng yes lol i'm from mumbai
User 1: cutttiiiieeee
User 2: that's already on my rishta v cv
User 1: that is a negative in my view btw
User 2: potato patato
User 1: ishh
User 1: ego for what
User 2: hak se
User 1: for one garbage city legit full garbage hate this topic
User 2: lolllll cutie
User 1: still drunk??
User 2: yaa
User 1: enjoy 
User 2: dikshita you're not going to be happy with my decisions hehe
User 1: why what you did aiyo jen why what you did you simply get carried away it's okay but what you did
User 2: nothing g happened yet
User 1: where are you my class became over lol sir gave 12.5 he said i can't give full marks in theory questions damn sad
User 2: oe?
User 1: haan come meet me hehe
User 2: i didn't have oe lol i'm leaving for eefm now
User 1: my period started go go
User 2: yesterday it hadn't?
User 1: nope today when i said yesterday it started ?
User 2: do you have money? it was due na
User 1: ya late no
User 2: lol i got done with ml he gave paper i know where i lost i'm like byeeer how much csd mai?
User 1: let's see idk lol apparently she showed in the break
User 2: aiyooo
User 1: should get fourteen fingers crossed
User 2: yay yas yay youre coming homeeee
User 1: return my parcel sweet yupp i'll come
User 2: when will he come
User 1: 1pm jen pls quickly pick one quicklyyyy i think i'll call for the chotu hut and stream wala it's damn nice ordered the amazon's choice wala
User 2: is it the same as thia good good
User 1: no
User 2: it's fine
User 1: haan
User 2: i want to be surprised
User 1: we can make yayyyy
User 2: he took your parcel
User 1: you want to do with me ? good we'll paint hehe it's funnnn and diy is always fun
User 2: yes we'll find out hehe i like
User 1:  tis my new favourite emoji this article doesn't apply at all what are you saying i just read it pretty boring tbh
User 2: ehh fu
User 1: fifteen ahem ahem
User 2: karlo you done? gretttt
User 1: haan kabkaa
User 2: i'll be done in ten get money
User 1: ohooo howww i don't have i left my watch in your house please keep it safely ill take it later
User 2: theek jaan
User 1: jennn you are a beautiful boy and i love you very very much and i think you should not let me bully you so much no i jk i like being pampered
User 2: you deserve it baby kya bura hai pampering must
User 1: heheheheh lovelllllyyyyyyy  han i saw this
User 2: like my insta posttt
User 1: oki
User 2: and fb i unblocked you
User 1: thank you for unblocking me jen now accept my friend request
User 2: hello didn't even increase a singly mark so pissed my total is 59.590 so bad.
User 1: aiyoooo it's cause of that one subject baby it's okay you're smart we all know tell marks ek baar
User 2: 13.5 fourteen ten nine 5.5 seven
User 1: 7? 9? pcap and ? ai ? but ai you said everyone got like this ? jen mera 79.5 i feel like dying no jk sorry you tell wanna go ? call and book for two today tomorrow not possible
User 2: made it 9.5 lol sixty lol
User 1: lol good one
User 2: shitt we forgot about this
User 1: hahaha
User 2: aiyo
User 1: haan
User 2: mexican and all i don't want ya
User 1: kyun aaj nahi jaana?
User 2: i wanted spanish and bakery
User 1: kyun ? pagal you are leave it then
User 2: you're going to mareena today?
User 1: idts tomorrow maybe i'll go not today
User 2: good then we'll chill at home only
User 1: again you will kick me out i feel sad then jen
User 2: okay i won't
User 1: no i want you to study you study
User 2: come where are you
User 1: i am locked inside my room aiyo madam locked me from outside and went loll
User 2:  where is she
User 1: class
User 2: hhahah don't you have class now! bunk? dikshita i'll tell you when you come like i'll pick you up from the block but wait for my call
User 1: okay
User 2: i have errands in campus after last lecture
User 1: i'm here only acha okay
User 2: class?
User 1: haan raved
User 2: raved? okay then hehe also j won't meet during break last two lectures two assignments
User 1: same i won't meet you also i have to check
User 2: papers! ?
User 1: haan
User 2: accha good
User 1: you know god blesses those who listen to their girlfriends and keep them happy i think i know what you should do you should take me to payohimaaaa yummmmmyyyy and i also wanted pizza 3cm and thai curry and pasta pls
User 2: where you come home now
User 1: i got fifteen in mi he changed marks rounded off .5 so my final marks are 80.590
User 2: hehe finally nice
User 1: i'm too excited to sleep my mom is coming yayyyy
User 2: one day for birthday hehe good gifts you'll get
User 1: sup jen
User 2: wru
User 1: class coming hey guys!
User 2: country inn why 
User 1: she's staying there
User 2: aiyoo waste of money are you going to the parlour
User 1: she wants swimming pool how is it a waste of money
User 2: suspicious how you were so eager to hang up hm why you don't come over tell properly
User 1: aiyo
User 2: k
User 1: i was walking and i was feeling hot i'll call you in a while
User 2: it's fine. dont. bother ha
User 1: don't simply be rude
User 2: aww cutie love you birthdayyyyy
User 1: yessssssss
User 2: i'm having your pasta lol
User 1: jen baby can you do me a favour pls book taxi na for mon nevermind don't do she wants to come in share cab
User 2: what's share cab
User 1: idk she said she'll find people there and come on her own lol
User 2: she can take random people in the car i book also lol
User 1: no no she will take airport taxi and come let her do
User 2: where are you
User 1: room will shave then shower then go for haircut eyebrows etc
User 2: what were you doing for so long you didn't even go for a haircut
User 1: i put cycle i knit a lot more i watched got i'm too bored to do anything ugh
User 2: aww it's fine
User 1: ya i have to clean dude
User 2: you take a break from pp today get pumped for tomorrow be ready to accept gifts that's all you have to do hehe
User 1: why you don't want me to come? okay
User 2: you only said you're bored
User 1: tomorrow i'm going to look damn nice anyway
User 2: lol aww hehe don't you always
User 1: thank you jen
User 2: dude the pilot will be released tomorrow wah kaha ho abhi
User 1: good one i'm in the room only cleaning
User 2: home se you want food? wow where you da done with everything?
User 1: yo parlour now
User 2: finallly send rooms pic
User 1: jennn all parlours closed where are you tell i'll come to meet
User 2: dinnering?
User 1: walking to dinner you done ?
User 2: within ten mins i'll be outside thirteen
User 1: kahan aap
User 2: i'll leave the ground in two
User 1: oho ok give me call no no leave in five
User 2: left get water from somewhere
User 1: ok
User 2: come so clean bapre goodngood
User 1: hehe ish mad peeps i'm sleepy
User 2: soja jaldi no problem
User 1: hi babes
User 2: hii dikhao kitna knit kiya
User 1: haan ok kitna kiya na?
User 2: wowwwwe i like i'll send to mummy hehe
User 1: bol na jenn noooo don't send ish this isn't finished only
User 2: so sent hehe oops
User 1: aiyooo let me know what she replies she'll say it's too patla aishoo i shy jenit i very shy  
User 2: now make my cv pleaseeee fastttt i have to submit for ibm this one random guy is helping fastttt
User 1: ohooo
User 2: isko theek karna hai
User 1: why you spoilt it dumbo
User 2: i didn't da apne aap hua
User 1: acha ok check karo idk if any information is lost
User 2: yayy
User 1: if it is then yoytell me i'll change
User 2: yeah i'll edit and all send me docx not pdf
User 1: you don't edit anything you donno word you've written word wait i'll remove it lol i jk jen relax
User 2: aiyo not this format ya i like the old one only you deleted this message
User 1: no jen im not being able to fix that one and i cant find the template also what is the problem i like this one even my cv is this format and that day also lots of difficulty was there to make it you want me to add something then tell cause all info is proper
User 2: arre no\ like the the spacing is only wriong there is too much white on the cv so thats why second page is being used
User 1: only one page is used check again
User 2: when i put the picture it will become two
User 1: acha picture kyun chahiya wait ill do
User 2: no i dont like this cv at all i want the old one only ya
User 1: are jen whats the problem na ?
User 2: it looks very sada
User 1: abhi check its called a classic design
User 2: im telling you i dont like it at all
User 1: acha ok
User 2: are you making the one i want? ?????????
User 1: yes its done
User 2: yayyyyy thank you love you
User 1: abhi sada pada nahi karna yehi hai ab final
User 2: thank you so much baby beautifu
User 1: good good i'm pooping i hope i can finish my poop in ten minutes otherwise i'll be pooping and welcoming my 21st call me it's my bday
User 2: awwww see everyone celebrated niceeee so many chocolates yayyyy good good eat who all are there
User 1: abhi only anjali and me left
User 2: who all came but
User 1: divya sriya  lovely boy you are
User 2: you are besttt hehe twenty-one bade hogaye
User 1: yesss
User 2: bahut bade good
User 1: hehehe
User 2: aiyo lab in the morning i still haven't written also rip
User 1: ohooo what you did for so long
User 2: gn
User 1: gn 
User 2: hello gf
User 1: hiii
User 2: i sentnjheal also the scarf where are you motu whereeeeeee where are you baby
User 1: i'm in class i got food for everyone
User 2: when lol
User 1: now i got them danish cookies they're eating aaajao
User 2: not mine na
User 1: no no
User 2: get charger
User 1: got
User 2: where are you batao what scene telll room number and all tell
User 1: hi jen sorry baby come by 7:30 only we're taking time
User 2: aiyo i'm at country inn nevermind
User 1: jen baby she absolutely loved you for the past fifteen minutes she's been talking about you she's saying kitna shaant hai aisa lagta hai maathe se ganga behti hai and then she said he complements you also so well tum dono ki jodi bhi kitni achi hai kitna sweet hai full evening she was only seeing you and having motherly feelings for you hi five jen breakfast come if you can  okay now i gtg do some mom's work
User 2: so what was the shit about puppy dog love i'm still taking bt about it wth noooo
User 1: arre she said that in the morning when she saw all the gifts now she's saying why don't you buy him something too i was like diya na jansport she's like acha tabhi kuch aur bhi de then she started talking about how much she liked you
User 2: mahi chalega but okay good no need for gift let birthday come show your money then  
User 1: jen you don't understand how much she liked you i think do i look like i spend money ? thanks for making my bday great though tooooooo good it was great day great great great
User 2: hope so  aew no worries beautiful hehe goodddd
User 1: jen she asked me to tell you that she liked you when i told her that you were worried about her not liking you she said why do i have that reputation then she asked me to tell you that she liked you acha i need a huge favour can you get charger for me pls laptop ka i have to do mom's work her laptop isn't working and mine is out of charge
User 2: rn? no autos and arav said that abhinavs scooty isn't there
User 1: no no tomorrow to class leave anyway mom's laptop started working arre not now sweetie jen if you would've heard what mom had to say na you would've cried i wanted to i was like aww she sees it too i was like it's good to hear that jen jen you beautiful boy
User 2: very playing to hear pleasing hehe i shy i love you.
User 1: tomorrow bekal jarnge car mein so be ready ya train mein actually i don't know how to check trains
User 2: bekal is too far ya and it's not even that great
User 1: don't crib
User 2: who will drive
User 1: you wanna drive ? we're thinking of taking train cause i wanna invite sriya nd upach too
User 2: yeah man i don't want to drive with mum she will think i'm very reckless but then zoom car max speed is eighty
User 1: lol ya then i can invite everyone we can play and all you have to come jen sorry no option
User 2: of course foundation for the future avec tes parents
User 1: i've brought food for class peeps kal ka so then i'll meet you little later  where are you  i have to poop damn bad but i can't i want my nice washroom to poop so i'll wait i'll write assignment and leave today not attend last class i am not being able to concentrate at all i wanna chill with my mom hehe you won't have to drive the driver will drive jennnn no trains are available have to go by car only where you went babu i wanted to meet you
User 2: hello i was having bath and getting ready have a lecture now even i get done at one thousand, one hundred and thirty so i'll meet you and then go to udupi
User 1: oh great okk wanna come for lunch with us ?
User 2: noooo i have to study actually we'll have tomorrow anyway
User 1: hi jen look outside i had assignment i'm done will you take time ? okay tomorrow full day is gonna go anyway why you're sitting with that one byeee 
User 2: loll we were talking about you only rn hehe that's why laughing cutieee divya isn't coming?
User 1: for bekal ? yaa she will come
User 2: cool
User 1: sriya is also in train timings don't suit us we have to book a car for the day we'll see full bekal and come
User 2: you want to find a number? i have a number just ask timings show mom only the good ones delete off rest my eyes are closed in so many so yu o aiyo
User 1: oki
User 2: what you did full day tell
User 1: chilling
User 2: see pics of th gifts na mom wants to see except coach https:www.linkedin.cominjenit-jain-0b31b0160
User 1: i don't have sabka  can i send on tuesday everything is in the room i didn't bring it to the hotel
User 2: buy off buy everything muahahaha
User 1: that i have hehe and sabya wala makeup but i'm getting mani and hair wash and we went for movie after foot massage in the afternoon we spoke about the wedding and all we ate soup and salad for lunch jen bring my dress na for tomorrow i'll wear for bekal blue and white dots
User 2: fancy which i wanttt when
User 1: tomorrow
User 2: okayy
User 1: baby the makeup is awesome i wore it and the red is just right i bought that horrible red usse toh one thousand times better and also moist toh keeps my lips hydrated and eyeliner toh awesome i'm too scared to use the mascara so i haven't tried it yet
User 2: wah nails are looking damn nice beautiful im glad you like it sab perfect giftssss yay good good also whats the plan for tomorrow i wont mind a breakfast hehe tell poa
User 1: hi jenn
User 2: tell tell
User 1: makeup i did
User 2: beauty ho tum
User 1: thanks !!! okay poa come for breakfast 8.30 am we will leave at nine jen reply babes
User 2: how was dinner
User 1: nice it was mom liked everyone she's like everyone is north indian only in this group tomorrow you ask her how was dinner karke
User 2: no idc
User 1: lol okk jen she loves you baby it's me you mom and divya
User 2: why not others
User 1: idk dude they have work it's fine the smaller the group the better  i love you jen and so does my mom she was talking to nani okay she's like jenit ki aankhon mein dikshita ke liye toh kitna pyaar dikhta hai aap so jao tomorrow long day
User 2: wah yeah i'll sl ep now
User 1: i love you jenit i miss you so much 
User 2: i miss you too cutie i'm watching lakshya
User 1: arre wah that's a good movie actually watch watch enjoy
User 2: country inn mai aiyo embarrassing
User 1: ya but then i was like fuck it enjoy it if it's hanky happening and they asked min mom she was hesitant then she said chodo lagado
User 2: duh breakfast 7:30 right?
User 1: eight hundred and thirty pls bring my dress sweetie don't forget jen pls i hope you're awake baby jennnnnnn missed video call jennn jen pls uthoooo ohoooo hey get my dress
User 2: got i left too i'm so sorry for being kate
User 1: aajao tell mamma it's fine we're all eating
User 2: where
User 1: sup jen go talk alone not with group hello pranjal
User 2: are you sure you didn't text partg
User 1: yes
User 2: what did pranjal say kaustubh and i met him. he came with his class people. i told him to come aside and he wasn't. so i started talking and then he obviously couldn't say. then i got too violent so kaustubh took over. he couldn't say anything he was too shut. so we told his classmates to handle him. they said yeah bro. and his friends judged him when i showed them the 21list you will never acknowledge his existence. jayant and rishab were on our side they judged him no physical and. not apologising for my behavior today goodnight. ps you won't be losing any friends. ps i was very cordial with rishab and jayant. they are very nice and they were very understanding and we gave pranjal a very fair chance to explain his side so that we are not in the wrong. we said you explain your side and kaustubh said that if we are wrong we'll get you beer and also, he confessed he likes you.
User 1: thank you
User 2: that's all you want to say?
User 1: it's good it's fine
User 2: okay
User 1: love you jen don't not talk to me next time i feel damn sad
User 2: let's see sorry not sorry for scratching your hand also did your mom pay five hundred less to him because i have him five hundred please confirm with her so that she can pay less tomorrow
User 1: hi jen sorry baby mom just slept we were talking actually
User 2: it's fine about what
User 1: so she's damn smart as i had told you don't worry she still likes you a lot the thing is that she was awake
User 2: butm i knew it
User 1: while going and coming back
User 2: fair enough
User 1: and she's taken your side through and through
User 2: oh well but she didn't like the way i talk! ?
User 1: and she said that i was wrong in not making it absolutely clear and she understands why i didn't do it cause i'm from a girls school and i feel shy to talk about all these things and don't like confrontation and all no no she loved you
User 2: i also know this
User 1: she's given dry fruits to give to you
User 2: i shall flady accept tell her that js and sorry that she had to hear it
User 1: but she was sad that you were sullen on the trip
User 2: i you had fun tell her
User 1: haan ok
User 2: i love you.
User 1: i shall i love you too sweetie okay what's the scene with pranjal
User 2: how are the scratches
User 1: did you insult him ?
User 2: no talking no communication no existence. everyone else is fine duh
User 1: or hit him or something
User 2: i nudged him
User 1: okay
User 2: i then concentrated on jayant and rishab
User 1: got it
User 2: cool
User 1: i apologise for not making it clear to them i'm sorry
User 2: good
User 1: but you should know that i tried
User 2: not hard enough clearly but okau at least you accept
User 1: and mom has asked me to tell you to stop being insecure and also to tell you that i am not untrustworthy
User 2: aiyo
User 1: because i spoke to her and she's like wah you tell him everything
User 2: tell her that i implied to one incident
User 1: i was like ya
User 2: because you couldn't complete your part
User 1: cause i feel guilty to not tell
User 2: why would she be surprised that you do. she's also like vidushi kya 
User 1: she's like then good it is that you keep him in confidence but then why is he calling you untrustworthy
User 2: did you explain only because you couldn't keep your part?
User 1: that does not make me untrustworthy that makes me not open to confrontation don't confuse terms untrustworthy hurts because i have never ever lied to you ever
User 2: because it feels like you don't even try. because of the number of times it has happened
User 1: and this i will never be open to confrontation in the future either
User 2: just delayed info learn. i'm getting hurt because of you because of this more than enough
User 1: okay got it
User 2: i didn't want your mom to know this side so early in relationship according to her
User 1: i'm not going to learn this what ? it's fine she likes you she understands
User 2: early relationship (according to her)
User 1: but she understands me as well
User 2: per chue isliye
User 1: haha maybe
User 2: fine i'll confront peacefully for you
User 1: . you wanna confront people okay do it this is an observation and not an assumption i have seen it okay last thing i have to say about what happened today
User 2: exactly i know, but today i made sense because i was right. i said everything correctly because it is borderline harassment. no girl of mine is going to go through that under my watch. say !!!! don't cry and say
User 1: i want three apologies from you not done at all i'm going for a shower i want my apologies once i'm done that's it
User 2: okay i'm sorry for all three.
User 1: thank you
User 2: you didn't even tell me you felt awkward or about the message itself
User 1: you didn't tell me i had any end to keep
User 2: make sure he stays as a friend was your end
User 1: i did that
User 2: you didn't keep it
User 1: i never felt anything for him
User 2: he did na
User 1: how can i control his feelings
User 2: ik
User 1: you think i led him on ? do you jen
User 2: aukad mai rak kar no not at all
User 1: did you ever see me showing off cleavage or sleeveless or shorts
User 2: no da wth
User 1: or something
User 2: i don't want such allegations
User 1: i don't understand what you mean then ? explain your end
User 2: fucl it it done and dusted
User 1: no it's not answer me what did i do that you called me untrustworthy oh wait i'm not done
User 2: he kept liking you and you didn't make sure by any means necessary that he stops. so i had to intervene because it's just a negative situation to be in for both of us
User 1: for the third one jen thank you for being so fucking selfish i didn't think it was negative for me and i don't know how it affected you so much 'any means necessary' is not my style as i have justified already in my non confrontation idea
User 2: i told you about sannidhi being weird once as soon as class got over and i met you so i fucking handled it
User 1: don't you dare call me dishonest  untrustworthy  disloyal ever again i don't have a problem with that
User 2: fine good
User 1: that's your style not mine i will tell you everything when i think i need to tell you and talk about it i cannot keep giving live update about everything in my life it's stupid and just not the way i do things
User 2: okay then. i will really remember this. okay
User 1: but i will surely tell you jen don't forget no need to be sarcastic condescending
User 2: okay
User 1: kya problem hai batao
User 2: patronizing
User 1: that tell the problem
User 2: done now
User 1: kya hai batao jenit pls
User 2: none anymore i love you can't wait for the make up sex goodnight
User 1: what's the problem jen i'm not foolish tell me pls don't leave it for later
User 2: i'm not
User 1: not what?
User 2: .
User 1: ohk are you sure?
User 2: yes
User 1: okay are you actually sleeping or something else ?
User 2: what you doing
User 1: i'm wearing my clothes
User 2: interesting may i peak
User 1: no i don't want you to mbate
User 2: aiyo preshow hi
User 1: hi you know there's a long road ahead of us right if we want to make it we have to have some things clear some things change other things i might compromise in the future but some things might not and i don't want them to be deal breakers this is why i want to talk about the future it's a conversation we've been avoiding for quite some time and mom kind of gave me a reality check today and i'm actually pretty upset
User 2: sure about what
User 1: and that makes me even more sad cause it's my last day with mom and i'm just twenty-one and i'm supposed to be able to answer questions i don't have answers to and honestly it's very scary about what i want from life in general what i want to do with my career and with you and what i need to do to have both
User 2: so let's sort it out
User 1: ok what's your career plan ?
User 2: masters with maybe one yesr job in between
User 1: ok after masters baby
User 2: job somewhere or idk
User 1: i will also be dropping a year mostly for teach for india and then i'll be going for masters abroad you're going to join your dad's company in bombay and you're going to stay there isn't it ?
User 2: nope nope
User 1: why not ? so you're not going to stay in bombay ?
User 2: am i going to be happy after this conversation ?
User 1: i will never make you sad sweetheart
User 2: i can't give you all answers now. life is uncertain
User 1: we're figuring stuff out when can you answer me ?
User 2: we can't have answers to everything. we can just do our best to stay with each other and that depends on making certain decisions together when the time comes idk
User 1: ohk that's fine okay then it's too early for this conu conversation
User 2: i really think we should sleep on it.
User 1: i don't think so but like you don't know so
User 2: do you
User 1: there's no point i have a ten year plan jenn
User 2: tell me
User 1: maybe one or two years here and there but over all it fits i would but now i'm asking you these things cause i must change my ten year plan according to yours life is not uncertain for me cause i want to control it. i don't want it to control me but i'll tell you what it was
User 2: we'll stick mostly to yours because you're clearly the better half of the two my princess
User 1: sweetheart i love you and i will compromise for you
User 2: i love you too
User 1: but
User 2: you tell me your plan
User 1: i don't want to stay in a city i want to stay somewhere where there are open grasslands and clear night skies this is a very important need for me i don't like the hustle bustle of a city okay
User 2: so where
User 1: ten yr plan not bombay definitely not delhi
User 2: okay
User 1: four years btech
User 2: academia?
User 1: teacher  research
User 2: okay
User 1: not in india
User 2: this toh done
User 1: for at least five years
User 2: oh
User 1: in short phd
User 2: okay
User 1: let me tell you what i think you have to  should do  will do ultimately in the future after your masters you're going to do an mba and take over your dad's company and stay in bombay
User 2: no man there are other cousins to do that i know it
User 1: ok you're going to leave your parents ? alone ? and do what ? go where ?
User 2: you tell me
User 1: never i mean you will fall pretty low in my eyes if you think of doing that so no idk if your dad will continue to work but if he will means you will be working in bombay which means i will stay with you
User 2: that's not compulsory
User 1: which part ? in bombay
User 2: i don't have to work in mumbai even if dad is working
User 1: so i teach at a college with no grant for research cause india isn't into biomedical yeg you won't stay with your parents ?
User 2: i can't say for 100 but yeah we can both find a place suitable for our needs
User 1: so your children grow up without grandparents to teach them wisdom? europe i have to go if i want to do biomedical and that's all i've ever wanted to do
User 2: idk
User 1: is that okay with you?
User 2: i want it to be okay for everyone
User 1: ok i don't think you should leave your parents
User 2: you're leaving yours
User 1: that's not how it works
User 2: ok
User 1: and that's the part that upsets me cause i have to compromise with everything
User 2: i'm sorry
User 1: arre i want a plan from you jen what do you want to do
User 2: i don't have one and i can't give you one. but what i know is whatever my plan is needs to be with your plan.
User 1: correct okay
User 2: a future of us
User 1: okay fine then we will have to figure it out cause idk what is going to happen and that scares me
User 2: when the time right and when the time comes i'm literally crying rn so yeah me too
User 1: it's okay we'll cry together we'll manage
User 2: tomorrow morning breakfast and then cuddle till they remove us,,?
User 1: aajao you'll have to wake me up
User 2: asap i want a lot of cuddle
User 1: so come on time lol so true dude i'm pretty tired after this weekend i'm sad my mom is leaving
User 2: parents weekend always is
User 1: she should stay more
User 2: it's okay true you asked her audi so sweet
User 1: i don't want to talk about it forget it gn i'll see you tomorrow come on time
User 2: what time
User 1: nine ?
User 2: much earlier
User 1: enough sleep to get acha ok come wherever whenever three hundred and four you ring the bell i'll open it
User 2: i'll call
User 1: mostly
User 2: breakfast then sheep
User 1: okk
User 2: come down keep in loud
User 1: no you come up
User 2: fine
User 1: yeah challo gn
User 2: i love you
User 1:  i love you too sweetie
User 1:  
User 2: listen
User 1: sup
User 2: do you want to have lunch outside and then directly go to class
User 1: ok
User 2: love you
User 1: love you too
User 2: sleep
User 1: ya i'm not keeping my phone on non silent you ring the bell when you come up three hundred and four
User 2: how's it going
User 1: i feel like crying i'm feeling so guilty 
User 2: how's it with everyone you didn't do anything wrong dw
User 1: pe no one is here pranjal is here
User 2: okay no he isn't. he don't exist thanks for croppous out of the pic. keep a nice one na
User 1: lol cropped
User 2: not fakr
User 1: jen please help
User 2: no means no.
User 1: i don't have class after 3:30 haan i won't do without your permission
User 2: olay i'll get the bag in break
User 1: ok
User 2: don't say all this. just accept the fact so that it's done and dusted and doesn't hinder your studies
User 1: it will it's fine we'll talk later
User 2: okay honeyy
User 1:  jennn fix it jen pls
User 2: i actually fixed it nothing is going to happen in this matter and that's final. faster both of you accept it it's better should i start talking to somiya you say im tired of all your cribbing in this matter i have laid down the guidelines follow them and don't crib in front of my because idc at all like you gave time to me for somiya, even i did give you way more time with your pranjal. baas hogaya ab sort your shit. else keepnitnto yourself reply
User 1: shall do 
User 2: no need for that tone
User 1: okay sorry i'm really sad but you don't care is that it ? i don't give a shit about pranjal rn
User 2: i know you're sad about mom leaving. and i will helpmyou through tjay
User 1: i really miss my mom's
User 2: exactly
User 1: i want to go home
User 2: and i shall do everything to make you feel better it's okay dikshita. it happens after parents leave true but nothing can be done wait for some time internship also you're doing out aiyo
User 1: i don't want to stay for revels
User 2: go off check attendance how much you can afford to bunk accordingly leave and come back ask mom rn itself
User 1: i don't want to go only for college
User 2: aiyo
User 1: i hate it
User 2: i'm sorry for ruining it but i'm trying to do everything right
User 1:  i don't have any pleasant memories of college anymore i hate it i just want to go home i'm so tired
User 2: thanks man. as a bf this really gives me that much needed boost.
User 1: not as a relationship as a college you're the best jen but everything else is just horrible i don't know what i'm supposed to enjoy or be excited about
User 2: tumhare and bois ke alava mere bhi college kuch nahj hai i can't help you with this your complex friends shouldn't affect you so much
User 1: please help me
User 2: just let revels start i will dw
User 1: i feel horrible
User 2: you tell me how because idk how to solve this
User 1: i don't know either i have to call mom how am i even going to talk to her
User 2: tell her everything you want to don't hold anything
User 1: i can't tell her now
User 2: and then tell me what y'all spoke about
User 1: she's not here na so she can't even help
User 2: tell her ehat
User 1: cause then she will feel bad
User 2: so tell me tell baby
User 1: wait i'll talk to her
User 2: text after
User 1: i spoke she has some work she was telling so i'm doing that
User 2: accha do thag keep texting me what work poster making? how come you never told me about her studio i was so hurt yesterday lol
User 1: arre
User 2: i was like um....?
User 1: i don't know i told you she has three businesses tanjore travelicious and reaching teaching  no excel ka contacts ka some issue
User 2: first i didn't know only aiyo tell me.more at least
User 1: she has artists working in chennai ka villages they make the artifacts for her different things paintings patas tables trays jewellery boxes and then she has people for woodwork so columns arches etc
User 2: and then she displays and sells?
User 1: she buys it at a cheap rate
User 2: no pictures i have seen
User 1: and sells at 200 profit lol
User 2: lol
User 1: arre aise kaise i showed you my full house
User 2: no wonder you're so rich. everyone is making big bucks in your fam
User 1: so much woodwork is there toh
User 2: the studio is in the house only?
User 1: this is toh a slow business cause demand supply na ya we have a room for showing guests the items and she has four  five almairahs for that and she has started collecting for vidushi now so her clothes and jewellery all is also kept in those cupboards
User 2: lol already they are starting aiyo get the guy toh
User 1: ya
User 2: but two years for wedding
User 1: so according to her patri
User 2: i'm excited i'm toh coming
User 1: she has to get married between two thousand and twenty and two thousand and twenty-one and they have to look for the boy also only after two thousand and nineteen december cause her stars are off right now that's why she's finding boys like these fortune telling nani hai na her name is sarla so you can remember that she said that after two thousand and twenty dikshita ka life is going to get a little tougher and vidushis life will get easier next year mom's business is going to take off all trips are going to be like russia ki announce kiya and all booked so then let's see i asked mom so much what did she say what did she say nothing i got she said that like for so many years i've been getting exactly what i want when i want it and how i want it ab it's going to become tougher for me to get these things but then dad was like ab dikshita ko aadat ho gayi hai so sarla nani is like hawan karao fix hoga for mohtashim also they did the puja and they broke up dude it was awesome i just got to know all this
User 2: aww wahhh good i'm glad she's working very hard
User 1: yess
User 2: hehe  aiyo get it done i'll attend thenpuja
User 1: come for vidushis wedding find boy first loll you're done with class ?
User 2: yes
User 1: you didn't call me ? to come home ?
User 2: i'm first taking this thing from ideal kombucha when i reach kc i'll call
User 1: ok hi jen where are you baby alert:you've spent rs.990.00 via debit card xx3124 at shambhavi on 2019-02-08:21:14:39.avl bal rs.2008.35.not you?call 18002586161. rs. 280.00 spent on card xx5357 on 15-02-19,15:56:16 at cineplex private,mangalore. avl bal rs 8,300.93.report dispute-https:bit.ly2pzk2n5 rs. 170.00 spent on card xx5357 on 15-02-19,17:16:52 at cineplex private,mangalore. avl bal rs 8,130.93.report dispute-https:bit.ly2pzk2n5 rs. 2,858.00 spent on card xx5357 on 15-02-19,20:35:39 at payuwww.instamojo.com,banglore. avl bal rs 5,272.56.report dispute-https:bit.ly2pzk2n5 rs. 1,360.00 spent on card xx5357 on 16-02-19,22:23:28 at shambhavi,manipal. avl bal rs 3,912.56.report dispute-https:bit.ly2pzk2n5 alert:you've spent rs.1750.00 via debit card xx3124 at educationatom on 2019-02-21:13:38:22.avl bal rs.258.35.not you?call 18002586161. rs. 260.00 spent on card xx5357 on 24-02-19,22:42:33 at campus stores,manipal. avl bal rs 3,652.56.report dispute-https:bit.ly2pzk2n5 alert:you've withdrawn rs.500.00 via debit card xx3124 at library building mit c on 2019-02-25:15:10:28.avl bal rs.9758.35.not you?call 18002586161. alert:you've spent rs.607.00 via debit card xx3124 at amazon on 2019-02-26:13:24:10.avl bal rs.9151.35.not you?call 18002586161. alert:you've spent rs.404.00 via debit card xx3124 at campus stores on 2019-02-28:15:50:18.avl bal rs.8747.35.not you?call 18002586161. rs. four hundred withdrawn on card xx5357 on 28-02-19,20:16:50 at library building mit c,manipal atm id-nfuc0000.avl bal rs. 3,252.56.report dispute-https:bit.ly2pzk2n5 rs. 646.00 spent on card xx5357 on 01-03-19,13:10:26 at madhuvan bar and resta,udupi. avl bal rs 2,606.56.report dispute-https:bit.ly2pzk2n5 alert:you've spent rs.646.00 via debit card xx3124 at madhuvan bar and resta on 2019-03-01:12:51:52.avl bal rs.8101.35.not you?call 18002586161.
User 2: good to know that me feeling negative because of something doesn't matter to you at all. honestly i give up if you get over it by tomorrow them meet me else tell me. because i'm not meeting you till you get over this and that is what i feel is right for us also this and this are the same expenses so twice it got deducted or what from the two cards? plus the reason we always fight is pretty much uprooted. thanks for showing the support for it
User 1: what ?
User 2: nothing gn i'm sorry but my patience has run out
User 1: ok
User 2: .
User 1: you feel wrong i think you should try to understand my point of view okay pranjal i will definitely not talk cause you're not comfortable clearly
User 2: i understood. i saw how it works. i didn't like it and you didn't change it.
User 1: but then again and again same thing is happening
User 2: what
User 1: why should i even bother making friends if you're going to tell me to not talk to them or something like that i don't like being a puppet jen you're my favourite and i love you so much but you're not there with me all the time na i also need people around me to talk to or chill with or whatever
User 2: i never stop you from making friends. yes i do speak very negative all the time but then i learned to stop. i can't help it if some of your friends are shits. you do realize that pranjal basically indirectly agreed that he took advantage of your naive nature and kept on pursuing. no one said a word but everyone there agreed other people also take advantage of that thing only kshitij i don't like. but he still hasn't fucked up in anyway so i don't even say about him don't think this way. i'm just guarding you. if you think this way then i can't help it
User 1: tomorrow if i say that vidit is a bad influence on you
User 2: you're talking bs. what i made him do is confess in front of everyone. he even got a turn to speak he just couldn't. you take it as a compromise or whatever. it's done. no one is going to change it. all you can do is accept it. i'll do the same thing if i have to if it's necessary. but rn it's clearly not
User 1: everyone already knew jen you leave pranjal for a moment generally think for anyone for example if kshitij makes a mistake and then you'll go and scare him so he's going to stop talking to me also now kshitij will stop means shashank will also stop
User 2: so move past it and text me. i can't help it if all your bonds are through people stop blaming me
User 1: it's just one more semester
User 2: i'm not taking any of it tell yourself thay
User 1: i'm not blaming you baba
User 2: then they were complex anyway great i'm done here truly. text me when you get over the biggest mistake of my life i'm not replying here anymore feel free to send as many messages t they shall be read bye
User 1: you don't even want to talk jen you don't even want to listen to my problem and your solution isn't even a solution it's an ultimatum
User 2: i will give you the same explanation because it's true.
User 1: i don't mind being called naive. it's okay if people think i am. i will help them in whatever way i can. you are not letting me be a happy go lucky person. i am feeling pretty suffocated.
User 2: your problem is not worth listening too because nothing in your class will change
User 1: i listened with saurak and parth and i left them i can count my friends in one hand jen
User 2: well if you're feeling suffocated you shouldn't go out and do whatever you want i have told you what needs to be donem
User 1: stop typing i'm talking this isn't a solution jen
User 2: rest is your decision same you answer my call
User 1: why don't you understand my nature ? i just want everyone around me to get along
User 2: call me
User 1: ok
User 2: i don't wanna text
User 1: if you don't care then there's no need to talk to me
User 2: okay
User 1: my side is not even worthy enough for you to pay attention for five minutes
User 2: goodnight i love you.
User 1: i love you too you didn't help me jen
User 2: i won't i have explained you everything
User 1: you just gave me an ultimatum no
User 2: now you're just being difficult
User 1: i don't like this behaviour
User 2: if you think so
User 1: you're being difficult
User 2: think about me. i get hurt. i solve the reason that hurt me and then you hurt me again
User 1: my studies better not suffer because you're "uncomfortable"
User 2: ok fair enough
User 1: nothing is more real than that
User 2: true
User 1: and i feel depressed in class for no reason two classes happened today i cried through one
User 2: sorry for taking your truest friend away then
User 1: and hoped no one would hear me he was a very good friend to me jen
User 2: so was somiya. you don't see me crying about it.
User 1: dude you liked her back and she was the one who said i won't talk to you anymore jen don't even bring somiya up cause you were wrong in that through and through and then also i just let it go without giving you any bt like this you were the one who decided that you're not going to talk to somiya i didn't force any of my decisions on you
User 2: sure sure true.
User 1: i told you don't talk to sanidhi did you do that ? no
User 2: you give me proof of her being weird. honestly i have heard his name enough time after i told you it's done. you must really cherish him. thanks for lying about the complex part. i'm done. you text me now, i'll block you. instead, just wish me goodnight. think everything through and when you've made your peace with it, text me and you're being petty now. stop talking to hsrshit and arav and all i'm done. don't text me. i love you gn.
User 1: i'm trying to give you an example i'm done i'm done kya you're saying
User 2: fuck itnyou don't understand text
User 1: i'm sad
User 2: baby
User 1: what's your solution for that
User 2: i know you miss your mom i want to help you through it
User 1: i miss my mom you're scolding me you don't want to talk to me without screaming
User 2: but you're being very difficult you're not understanding anything
User 1: i feel scared to talk to you when you're screaming
User 2: i won't scream
User 1: or threatening to block and alll it's my life and you're trying to control too much of it and i hate it
User 2: but i can't talk if you're fighting with me for removing the main reason of 90 of ournfights i'm not controlling too much of it
User 1: yes you are
User 2: i tried in the past and stopped. this was just necessary and i still don't feel guilty
User 1: i miss my mother
User 2: so if you think i'm a bad bf thennim sorry it's fine
User 1: i miss the light hearted conversations in class
User 2: go off in revels
User 1: fuck you it's not fine
User 2: .
User 1: you're so insensitive to my feelings man what's your problem you're my favourite person you know it
User 2: they will still be there. you just didn't try at all.
User 1: some idiot likes me and is part of all the enjoyment i have in class
User 2: ik. i'm not even questioning it this is exactly the behavior i'm condoning
User 1: i was crying in class what will i try it's not for you to condone
User 2: i don't give a shit for your enjoyment while i feel hurt and uncomfortable
User 1: why are you hurt how can someone who you don't even know and haven't even spoken to hurt you
User 2: if you think that this thing hurting your bf isn't worth at least improving then i'm sorry that i have such a gf
User 1: what rubbish you're talking
User 2: it's fucking negative for me i don't want my life also to be negative
User 1: then remove me from it and make it simpler
User 2: okay then
User 1: don't make my life negative and make your life simpler
User 2: okau
User 1: what ? okay ? what ?
User 2: i don't have anything to say
User 1: are you serious ? what nonsense can't you adjust jenit i adjusted with saurak parth
User 2: for this no
User 1: it's your turn to do it now
User 2: thanks man thanks for allowing me to keep you away from molester sympathisers i'm not doing it. its final.
User 1: so i should keep on sacrificing abhi iska you see pls i'm really tired i don't want to talk to anyone
User 2: okay she won't text now it's fine concentrate here
User 1: i don't want to talk to anyone
User 2: what's our scene
User 1: you're both being unreasonable
User 2: what do we still have to sort
User 1: i just want my mother who are my friends
User 2: okay
User 1: who do you truly think are my friends? who and all you don't want me to talk to pls make these two lists and send it to me i will follow it without question
User 2: everyone except the people who you can't talk to. because no one extra left
User 1: cause honestly i'm too tired to fight for the right to make my own fucking decisions
User 2: who you think they are because they seem averagrly trustworthy see this bs
User 1: sab bs i'm also bs i'm so bs that my brain is also bs fully bs i am when i cry also bs comes out of my eyes
User 2: cool
User 1: when i am angry i scream bs everything around me is also bs
User 2: good rap
User 1: wow 
User 2: hi
User 1: hello i left my charger please bring it tomorrow
User 2: ok what's our status
User 1: are you talking to your friends?
User 2: no
User 1: as in ?
User 2: are we fighting
User 1: you should no no it's done
User 2: no need cool
User 1: please sort it with divya idk what she wants now
User 2: did sorted
User 1: ok
User 2: already took care for you
User 1: thank you
User 2: you're welcome
User 1: please don't ask her to come to talk to me i don't feel like talking to anyone
User 2: yes she womt i said i took care na i know how you want everything also one point i forgot to tell is that you should know that you were being harassed by a person. this is what it is like being harassed. remember this for the future. i love you. also arav and i participating in revels together by pranjal i mean
User 1: okk i love you too the thing is he was always very sweet to me and he always used to do things for me without anything or any idea that he would get something you know. selfless jaisa. and he was a great help with academics as well. and we played so many games and all also together. i just feel sad that after he did so much for me all i did for him is tell him to fuck off.
User 2: don't feel sad about that he got what he deserved are you in class
User 1: yes
User 2: class till what time
User 1: 11:30 i have reliance ot today break ?
User 2: what time
User 1: dabeli ? this time
User 2: i'll come direct i'm still at home
User 1: bunking 11:30 12:30
User 2: cool hehe
User 1: no break ? come now ! ? we'll go have dabeli and chill or something
User 2: i'll leave in five i have only one thousand and thirty class today
User 1: i'm bunking 10:30 class as well i have to reach before time
User 2: where are you
User 1: outside new gate
User 2: come to dabeli place
User 1: oki
User 2: got the i'd?
User 1: ya taken everything wish me all the best there are larger things in life than a couple of friends
User 2: all the best aren't we done with this do you still want to discuss more and fight more
User 1: no
User 2: good revise last moment things i love you all the besy https:www.kdnuggets.com201802google-colab-free-gpu-tutorial-tensorflow-keras-pytorch.html https:drive.google.comdrivefolders1acd5bbdjh84967c1lqdbs2cpbywuln hello
User 1: hi jen supp i miss you baby
User 2: me too baby we are analysing the trailer
User 1: ohoo
User 2: too much we are thinking
User 1: what?
User 2: dikshita i can't wait to watch it we'll watch together nw theories
User 1: okk
User 2: okay great get your earphone splitters
User 1: yes but have to wait till 14th
User 2: no other job tbh lol need to find internship
User 1: but exam yes
User 2: secondary
User 1: hahaha correct
User 2: when you booking your flight for
User 1: idk where i'll be going
User 2: why chennai?
User 1: ya chennai
User 2: oh i'm booking for 9th may
User 1: ok send flight details
User 2: i'll book and send
User 1: okk  jen why do i have to fight for what i want with you?
User 2: do you want to read a book
User 1: which
User 2: idj fire and blood
User 1: ohoo
User 2: just press okay and it will take you to google play books the reading will become way easier
User 1: lol i'm watching it is that the first book?
User 2: it's a new book. not part of asoiaf it's based on targeryn history
User 1: ohooo i'll think about it baby
User 2: yes idk
User 1: i'm not wanting to read ok
User 2: is okay
User 1: ya lel
User 2: one thousand, one hundred and forty-five 9th may are my flight details jet airways
User 1: okayyy why so late ? why jet da indigo is cheaper and more on time okk i'll see around that time and date jenit 9th is too late pls let's go home faster 7th may ka karde
User 2: 8th? 9th only actually my parents are also flying in on the 9th so dad said book 9tb only
User 1: acha where to?
User 2: from where.
User 1: han tell i'm using your head towel in a different way i oiled my hair so then i wrapped it in that so that i can sleep raat ko and move around also
User 2: yours is anyways non sticky oil
User 1: haan that's there wassup jen battery came down from ninety-two to eighty-two to seventy-five in five mins what to do ?
User 2: aiyo get it checked is it still in warranty
User 1: haha no it's four years almost old new phone end of the year
User 2: too far 3 get it repaired but
User 1: yaa three
User 2: whats poa
User 1: 1st semester i bought
User 2: i remember
User 1: haan that dad will do and keep
User 2: what will you use till then
User 1: it's a good phone na this only average phone works for two years only that's damn sad tbh jenn poa 1:30 pm be at nlh we'll have lunch, make card and run to do events then idk how many times i'll cry today but i will not give up until you "allow" me to do what i want
User 2: let's not fight during revels you need to have fun babu i'm not participating so i'll come only for food you're allowed to do whatever you want baby. it's just that some things should be cut off immediately. it's not nice to let such things go on. you please forget about this. let's move on please i love you
User 1: dude i fought for saurak and parth for two days and they'd actually wronged me it's becoming pretty difficult love you too sweetie but when you're wrong you're wrong you can speak to anjali about it she's a third party divya even from any girls point of view you're wrong all your friends have to support you cause well they're all men and your male ego and possessiveness is justified among them i will not take this bs anymore jen i'm pretty tired of trying to convince you you know i love you and i'll never love anyone else all this is doing is giving me solid bt for any other time i decide to make a friend i don't need protection from pranjall
User 2: doesn't matters it's done now you accept it next time such a thing happens and when you get the chance, you handle it properly this is done move on you weren't going to talk to him 6months later anyway like you said so why waste any more timr it's done and finalized
User 1: no i'm not done and neither are you allow me to talk to him that's all i'm asking is it so much do you want this to affect us in the future before it wasn't now it will unless you stop it cause somehow you have so much power over me
User 2: fine then let it affect or you stop it's not ego talking
User 1: no you stop ego your ego is becoming bigger than our relationship there are people who will always spread rumours about you. there are people who will always cause drama involving you, but the only thing you can do is rise above them and smile. tell yourself , that despite all you stand strong. i have heard the lies, though i speak only truth. i was thrown to hell but i built my own heaven. i have restored my strength so none can shake my grounds. at the end of the day stand up for what you believe in even if it means standing alone. good morning.
User 2: please tell your mom that you're old enough to fight for yourself she's not making it any better dikshiya my decision is final no matter what you say. keep that in mind and them decide how you want to spend your revels with me or without because i don't want you in bt during your events
User 1: she thinks so but you don't ? i will be in vt and you would've caused it don't you see how stupid you're being you're too adamant to see you're being as stupid as you were in 1112 do you hate me ? lunch at one revels
User 2: what are all the forwards then. who is sending those well then don't. grow up. honestly not. i'm very confident in my stand. i am tired of fighting. you accept it or don't. take how much ever time you need to accept. i love you.
User 1: papa
User 2: idk if he knows so okay
User 1: why do i have to accept it you accept it you changed everything you ruined everything why ? it was fine before you had a problem with me ? you tell me
User 2: for you not for us i dont i told you to sort his problem. you didn't
User 1: why you were not happy before this ?
User 2: couldn't
User 1: you were not happy with me ?
User 2: i was but recurring fights because of the same reason i am
User 1: and now the recurring fights are less or more jen you made me cry and i hate it i haven't cried for things like this in so long
User 2: we are just going in circles.
User 1: mostly its stomach ache and mom missing am i your slave jen
User 2: great to see how great of a friend you think such shit people are. no one should take advantage of you
User 1: no one is taking advantage of me
User 2: stop saying this bs. you know you're not
User 1: then i will decide what i want to
User 2: he was confessed to it but okay
User 1: he has not confessed it to me i don't know what he thinks
User 2: and keep yourself before relationship again like usual
User 1: are you not doing the same rn
User 2: he fucking confessed in front of everyone you dumb girl go ask your great friends
User 1: you're dumb
User 2: nope
User 1: confessed what that he likes me that i already know he was not taking advantage of me
User 2: he likes you and he was adamant because he knew you wouldn't shut him out
User 1: i know it and how is that affecting me ? i will start to like him in the future ? let him feel what he wants
User 2: it's an extra variable i don't want in my relationship no
User 1: i was happier before and you're so stubborn are you a child calling me naive you're stupid and you don't know anything and you think you do that's the worst combination ever
User 2: you are a fucking child who doesn't understand anything about people and how someone is supposed to act and how not with their 'bestfriends' so you stfu stop giving me shit you're the one who needs to move on and grow up and learn whom to talk to and whom not to and not let anyone take advantage and be a strong person
User 1: i'm not strong and i'm stupid and i will stay like this
User 2: yes great
User 1: and i will decide whom to talk to and who not to and you will accept it not the other way around
User 2: nope
User 1: then how can you expect me to accept it it's a two way street jen
User 2: you talk to whoever you want but if i say no it's because of a reason. and no means no
User 1: i can't move on from this
User 2: stay here and fight everyday then
User 1: your reason is shit that's what i will do then
User 2: i'm not fighting anymore you start fighting and i'll stop replying.
User 1: okay so we're not talking ?
User 2: we are if we're not fighting
User 1: so we're not talking come if you want for lunch one pm
User 2: i'm not having lunch if we are not talking. text me when you get done with all your events. all the best. bye.
User 1: ok aajao i won't fight with you over lunch we should enjoy revels i love you sweetheart
User 2: i won't be ready till lunch. i'll meet you in the evening only
User 1: if you don't come i won't take part
User 2: aree what is this black mail
User 1: you be here at 1:15 pm i don't know anything else
User 2: fine nice na?
User 1: ya i love it so difficult to put in the right hand with the left hand
User 2: lol practice needee
User 1: hehe
User 2: i'm leaving
User 1: oki this only is good what jen take more pics
User 2: cute you concentrate lol
User 1: file
User 2: don't cheat
User 1: how come you didn't text me you don't want to talk to me anymore ? https:theoldschoolmillenial.wordpress.com20190302befriended-a-monster
User 2: how was your day sorry i slept on and off since 5pm dw i don't know how i will sleep at nightb legit i slept for six hours my phone was on lloud so that i can come down and sign you in
User 1: awwww
User 2: you only didn't come
User 1: aiyo how to come i got free at nine
User 2: wtf
User 1: i saw the bball match
User 2: tell me your full day i wanted to come ya. you have fun with me also
User 1: i told you i made divya text you you said i'm sleeping what to do you're missing everything baby you toh know how to draw also
User 2: thanks man
User 1: revels can be so good for you my phone switched off remember she said bring charger legit it went from fifteen to zero in two seconds
User 2: aiyo
User 1: ya
User 2: take aravs portable tomorrow
User 1: oho
User 2: tell me your full day
User 1: no no haan so then first event today was cognitive control which we qualified for in that basically we had to remember things and all then we went for spy glass we mostly will get
User 2: and you cheated remove your insta pic
User 1: then mischief managed
User 2: you look constipated
User 1: which ?
User 2: candid
User 1: aiyo i liked it
User 2: not gola one
User 1: oh ok
User 2: which was? then????
User 1: harry potter event i qualified
User 2: greattt
User 1: then apprentice damn bad that was because of that we missed lie to me then we did liar games damn funny paper you should try it six total what am i missing oho jeopardy
User 2: aiyo
User 1: this was our last event we were pretty bad at it
User 2: then bball between?
User 1: and quite frankly we were tired no no jeopardy finished at six we went to eat something there we meet agrim gupta and divya spoke to him for an hour then we went to the match wait
User 2: lol what did you do
User 1: some timing is coming off
User 2: lol
User 1: we finished jeopardy went for dinner then went to the match and were back in the block by 7:45 pm what a match it was too good we won
User 2: good level for revels greattt what you did till nine lol
User 1: aajana kal i'll not let you go only tomorrow
User 2: boldena kitna baje
User 1: we'll have lunch
User 2: ha
User 1: then i'll pull you for events bas enough you did your manmani
User 2: no lol hehe
User 1: now you must have fun with me
User 2: that i will
User 1: yes so you should come for events or at least bring your books and work in the library so then i can call you
User 2: i'll do this pakka
User 1: whenever we're doing informals or eating tomorrow we're going to play the games archery and all is there
User 2: very nice props kitne candids
User 1: that basketball wala lols
User 2: accha hai make up lagaya lol this small small idm hehe
User 1: arre that is also small only come for just one jen
User 2: nikalo insta picccc
User 1: then you will understand itna i'm saying must be something na bekar ka i won't say
User 2: it's fine da. we'll earn money in tech tatva true chalo kal karege
User 1: yaaaay jen this makes me too happy
User 2: aap sirf pyar karo
User 1: download revels app go to play store type revels nineteen aaega and see the events yayyyy too good finally you will understand why we're crazy about it
User 2: is there a pass or do i have to buy one
User 1: i'll buy for you you just bring yourself 1-2 spy glass
User 2: i won't do some many
User 1: okay
User 2: you debrief me about each in the break
User 1: thing is i'm busy till 3:30
User 2: 1st round done for both?
User 1: so till then you write stuff on your own cause play with clay is a single event and spy glass you can find a partner for these all rounds are 1st round
User 2: so then how this?
User 1: i have to go for mischief managed and cognitive control
User 2: accha i'll join after you done you explain me everything tomorrow dude
User 1: yes don't miss it jen
User 2: arav woke me up at 8:40
User 1: for ?
User 2: the. i woke up and found him drunk
User 1: huh
User 2: saw the time is one thousand, two hundred and forty lol i slept full evening
User 1: oho jen you should've come 
User 2: i really was just waiting for you to come home im not even lying
User 1: lol how to do all this
User 2: rooms was sprayed ac on
User 1: during revels
User 2: legit waiting only
User 1: aww you slept during rebels
User 2: aiyo
User 1: you must chill with me
User 2: sorry
User 1: i'll teach you how to enjoy
User 2: i was hoping okayyy
User 1: yes till 3:30 i'll arrange for you after that you come with me
User 2: coolll
User 1: yes
User 2: i love you jaan.
User 1: i love you too baby did you download the app
User 2: signed up alsk
User 1: ok good payment is left
User 2: picture nikaloooo
User 1: good good
User 2: we'll do
User 1: but it's a good picture no i look good in it
User 2: second one no da
User 1: ohooo
User 2: khikhi
User 1: i have eighty-three likes
User 2: ik i saw girl will get accha you see
User 1: hehe i think i'll keep it only hehe
User 2: greedy baby needy baby indeed
User 1: lol what to do for class tomorrow i don't want to do class
User 2: how many lectures you have
User 1: four i feel bored to go for class i'll bunk off i'll go for 10:30 complete sleep
User 2: come by ten then break spend with me
User 1: aiyo i hope i can wake up on time
User 2: what time
User 1: acha ok gn
User 2: ill call you
User 1: nine am
User 2: i love youu baby
User 1: then only i'll be ready
User 2: send me a snap of your face
User 1: in an hour
User 2: i miss it send many snaps
User 1: no i look bad one only
User 2: jaaaaan ho tum toh ghar hi nahi aye shi gande moti i love you. gn sweetheart
User 1: i love you too sweetie i'll try to attend morning class nine eight wala bunk
User 2: leave off
User 1: no no no
User 2: never bunk pp time dikshita warning hai
User 1: ohoo aapko maine bulaya aap nahi aae kya aapko boloon kal aana gnn
User 2: i was too tucked in
User 1: loll
User 2: the second she texted me
User 1: sweet ho
User 2: jojao sojao love you gn 
User 1: gnnn  we know this
User 2: woke up? going?
User 1: no damn sleepy bunking off class sorry baby don't feel like going
User 2: all?
User 1: i'll attend 10:30
User 2: come at one ten
User 1: to 12:30 i'll try should not be a problem which colour you wore today?
User 2: green cos i'm sad that my gf fights with me
User 1: red and blue cause i'm angry and sad that i have no control green is for guilty so i'm going to go with you're finally feeling guilty
User 2: i'm wearing blue also green not counted i read wrong you realise how embarrassed i'll be if i tell hasn't pranjal baat karle. my image is gonna go in the dirt do you want that
User 1: image in front of whom , my class people?? i probably won't make it to 10:30 class
User 2: wow you just took it way far ahead and yes, jenit will feel very bad if you talk you're just exaggerating everything now
User 1: i'm not exaggerating anything this is how i feel and this is what is going to happen in the future
User 2: you presume to know everything. great
User 1: jenit will say no that place is too far don't go there to work i can't protect you there and i will listen that's my future
User 2: stop this bs you know work mai i won't have a say you're just overthinking and not making sense and just making bad allegations
User 1: then you will say go for work but don't talk to anyone cause they're weird people chi this is how i feel
User 2: one time i'm asking you to do something severe
User 1: and how i will feel for a very long time
User 2: great
User 1: i have never asked you to do anything and you shouldn't be asking me either
User 2: sure.
User 1: what have i asked you tell any one thing
User 2: i'm asking you as a bf. you decide what you want to do i can't remember now but i'm sure three years mai i have done enough
User 1: cause there was nothing that you would remember forever no decision that i forced on you you've done a lot for me jen but i didn't ask for anything
User 2: i just accepted anything you say because you're smart most of the time
User 1: except weed and that is just shitty
User 2: cool. i get hownit works. next time you need me to do something make sure you ask for it. you don't want good gestures so be it
User 1: i can't do anything cause otherwise you will leave me isn't it
User 2: that's why i didn't bring it up idk
User 1: you don't want to leave weed? go go smoke as much as you want don't blame it on me
User 2: i left that's why you i didn't say anything and i don't think it was a bad decision on your part either so why critisize
User 1: you've done a lot for me jen i know it.
User 2: no more
User 1: no no if you want to do you please continue is that so
User 2: yes it clearly does me no good and you will still continue to make shit allegations and presume the future so no thanks
User 1: i can't even say anything anymore without you becoming angry with me or threatening to break up or anything
User 2: i didn't even threaten becoming angry is plausible
User 1: you said you won't do anything for me anymore
User 2: that is an update not a threat
User 1: you hate me
User 2: not really
User 1: everyone hates me i'm just trying to fight for myself and everyone hates me
User 2: i'm on your side
User 1: no you hate me you should've seen yesterday when i went for the match you should've seen the way everyone looked at me cause they didn't no one said hi no one cares everyone said hi to divya i was standing right there i don't care for a hi right what difference does it make
User 2: they will normalize
User 1: one hi ms less will i ?
User 2: you have no option other than to become normal eventually whenever you're ready
User 1: i have no option i don't have any options
User 2: cool
User 1: i just do as jenit says
User 2: thanks
User 1: you say become happy i'll smile
User 2: good
User 1: you say get over it i will split second
User 2: good
User 1: robo dikshita
User 2: cool perfect for me
User 1: find someone else to make your robot
User 2: okay
User 1: that's damn rude
User 2: so are you
User 1: so were you
User 2: but i want robot dikshita only
User 1: you don't like me? i'm a person not a machine
User 2: i love you
User 1: and i can't be what you want me to be ever
User 2: sucks to be i guess me
User 1: i love you too now i'm not even enough for you
User 2: you are. it's just youre being adamant about a wasteful thing so i will have to teach you what's what
User 1: no you don't have to teach me anything i know right from wrong
User 2: can't i teach my gf a small thing also?
User 1: i know you're wrong no you can't i already know all these things
User 2: then just accept your bf for the fuckednup person he is
User 1: you were never like this before this semester suddenly something you're doing you made me lose a friend a nahi many friends
User 2: you see the reason for each and everyone and tell me if there's a friend without reason you tell me it was always there. it's just that i waited patiently for you to handle it and you couldn't don't irritate me now have fun at revels !!
User 1: you only said don't irritate
User 2: okay great tell me if you want to have lunch. i'm not participating. i have errands you're treating yes or no
User 1: okk what time
User 2: one thousand, two hundred and thirty acchese i was taking part
User 1: what errands? you should take part now also
User 2: give a parcel to udupi but mostly not get annoyed by you agakn morning morning mai you ruin the mood
User 1: for these fights you shouldn't give up a good experience but i don't have a say in what you do anyway so do what you want annoying irritating anything else? do what you want man
User 2: never said that. again with these presumptions
User 1: so then you should do events how many times i've told you this haan but i annoy you i understand
User 2: you stop with this fight then. it's annoying and i can't be productive because of it
User 1: you stop it why should i stop it i don't even want to go to class anymore it's "annoying" to feel like this fine i'll put a pause if you come for revels otherwise i'll keep "annoying" you pause
User 2: i don't want it at all. dikshita it's done. it ain't change now why don't you understand. you want me to go tell a guy to talk to my gf after threatening him? yes it's true you didn't get it your way but it's not like i didn't give you chance. so stop being so aggressive with me. your friend couldn't handle your friendship which affevtrd me. if that friendship meant so much for him he would have preserved it instead of being a lover boy for years. dikshita it had to be done. please stop fighting.
User 1: i don't want you to tell him anything i'll talk directly
User 2: you had enough opportunities. so nothing will be done now. moreover we didnt even hit him. it would have been only so much better if you did it yourself so dw about that
User 1: you didn't give me a chance i want to do it myself now fix or unfix it's my choice not yours i came for 11:30 class lunch if you want
User 2: so you do agree not doing anything. you didn't even consider my advice to tell me him keep his distance. youndid everything for so long at your own accord which is practically nothing. then you lie and say you tried to fix it and i believed you. so don't blame if your carelessness cost you a friendship. you basically confessed of it being your fault. so yes don't fight now maybe we were way happier in the past because everything worked according to your needs only all this you won't see. itna time i supported you because i thought you would support me by talking to him and telling him to calm the fuck down. you clearly didn't see my problem and certainly didn't act on it. so i'm doing the same now. i'm not going to change my decision.
User 1: arre if course i talked to him i didn't lie but no situation needs such harsh handling
User 2: it wasn't harsh man i didn't beat him up it was apt
User 1: you supported me what do you want me to tell you and then i do something about it no no no
User 2: i supported you. now your turn to support me
User 1: i could've done that
User 2: i gave you many chances dik you didn't take any of them seriously how's that's my fault
User 1: i always support you but not here when you're wrong you tell me one situation in which you told me to do anything like sunday i didn't think it would affect you so much i didn't know you were so insecure
User 2: you know how much it affects seeing that this is the main reason we fighting i'm not insecure you know that it's just that extra thing nudging our relationship deep about this. i trust you enough. but you didnt take me seriously after expressinh my concerns multiple time hence you gave me no choice. you cant even say that you thought it didnt affrct me. we fucking fight for legit usually for this only. so i'm sorry you couldn't take my reaction for how serious they always were. because clearly you don't think i can get pissed at you. it's literally your fault that you didn't handle it. how many times am i supposed to even say. you don't listen only. next time maybe i say something and you'll actually take it seriously, maybe. reply
User 1: we never used to fight about this
User 2: we always fought about your annoying classmates and lover boys since you are so adamant about your part and i'm more adamant about my part. and i made a decision for you, you go do anything you want. even i'll see what you can do. and i also insist you talk to harshit and arav since they share a similar pov and you wanted to know who is on my side. dekthe hai what you do. so go, do. remember, it will be causing you to be my alibi when i try to destroy pranjals college life. and you will be on the spot then also, plus it will hurt our relationship even more. plus he's gonna get his ass handed to him also how about you tell your mom about the s and p thing and then the board game day since you anyway include her so much in our relationship give her a full view na she can actually judge me with the whole picture
User 1: now only we're fighting about this before we never fought about that i didn't handle it i did handle it i know i handled it he never used to push like that i never felt anything no i don't nothing we ever fought about pranjal we didn't fight even once about him
User 2: right sure haan i wonder how i've kept my feeling of punching him in the face so many times. i'm sure i've shared them with you so i know it has come up reply
User 1: i don't have a choice only i have the right to make my own decisions
User 2: and you could have you failed
User 1: you ruined everything and you're so satisfied with yourself you are not the judge of that don't irritate me i have an event let me concentrate
User 2: i'm satisfied that i handled the situation properly. obviously even i don't like fighting pretty evident okay then see you after events oh wait you are not coming to pp then see you when i see you
User 1: ya i don't want to talk to you only
User 2: okay i'll remember that all the best for your events love you. win some cashh
User 1: thank you love you
User 2: do you want to atul khatri and don't your events start from two again lying good one
User 1: yws i have da 1-2 i have cognitive control round two you check if you want i don't lie da
User 2: and yesterday toh you also said you shouldn't have told me only about the message. i wonder how many times he's flirted with you and all and you didn't tell me about it. i'm sure there are ton of such incidents
User 1: i wish there were at least i would still have my friend unfortunately i feel too guilty to not share anything with you so i tell you everything and since you've scolded me so many times for me not telling you
User 2: you can't expect me to believe this.
User 1: it's become like a habit to first ask and tell jenit whatever is happening
User 2: i still know that you haven't told things that you were just like choti baat hai.
User 1: don't believe i'm a liar and i'm untrustworthy and that makes me clever
User 2: you made me get this habit
User 1: clever enough to handle my shit on my own
User 2: but not sharing no
User 1: i wish i'd not shared anything at least i would like the relationship i'm in
User 2: keep saying such things. really improves things
User 1: haan i will your fault you ruined everything
User 2: wow so now don't even like the relationship great
User 1: you sit and think how you ruined it
User 2: really improves i didn't if you'd just accept the inevitable
User 1: who knows i'm a liar right no you think
User 2: true its done you tell me when you'll stop hating me and stop blaming me and see the big picture, then i'll invite you to pp
User 1: i never needed an invite before now i do you changed everything and ruined everything and you were wrong you accept it and move on
User 2: because of today's right i'm not accepting it and moving on. this time youre doing it. i'm not doing the hard part. i have never won a fight and i always apologise because i realise it. this time i won't apologise because i know what i did is fine. so dikshita this fight will never end till you accept it. you have the power. i insist as my bf to not talk to him and not fight with me but since you deserve to make your own decisions, i hope you select the right thing. as a bf please for the sake of our relationship i beg you for attending the workshop on workplace etiquettes register here: for attending the workshop on "building curriculum vitae" register here: https:goo.glformsslk1e8cza3lntsr63 for attending the workshop on how to handle personal interview register here: fight ? reply dikshita
User 1: why'd you put me in such a situation. fine i'm done tbh simply no point spoiling my mood i don't have so much strength and all to fight with you but don't you even dare to interfere with my matters next time unless i specifically ask for your help i'm not your charity case jen it doesn't feel good you better apologise to me otherwise i only won't come to pp and won't stop the fight
User 2: if i have an inconvenience i will come to you and you solve it sorry dikshita for not letting you make your own decisions. i shall handle such a situation better in the future. thank you please come to pp today
User 1: haan toh you should've just said this two hundred days back
User 2: don't push it what time will you get done
User 1: i'll call you come for atul khatri and all i beat high score in that big basket thing aajao jen hi we're in an event so you chill
User 2: how much tube
User 1: like divya wrote first round and then just added me in the team so we got qualified for finals hindi event
User 2: lol all the best
User 1: thanks when i call you come be ready we'll go for atul khatri and all
User 2: i come by 6:15?
User 1: no no i'll call you otherwise i'll come no no you only come i'll call you once we are done
User 2: yeah i want to eat also and if you come we wont leave the house only
User 1: haha we're waiting for results for bhujowala
User 2: aiyo what should i do tell what should i doooo babyy
User 1: aajao
User 2: where
User 1: we're still in an event
User 2: what should i do tell
User 1: aajao then eat something we'll come to you try the pasta it's great
User 2: i have no money lol i'll wait fornyou i'm leaving now wru took medicine?
User 1: yess much better
User 2: accha good did you abacus do youtube lel
User 1: no
User 2: must wwin revels finally
User 1: i'll wing it
User 2: smart hai ladki
User 1: no no
User 2: ho jayega
User 1: i should study na something and go
User 2: hp you dont need
User 1: i'll see the rules
User 2: then we did one event
User 1: hp is day after
User 2: what else is there
User 1: treacherous ties i can't prepare for that then liar games again can't prepare
User 2: toh tension kyu netflix and chill karo
User 1: haan just seeing pics
User 2: send
User 1: oho this medicine is magic dude arre let me find lol
User 2: good
User 1: see this one highest was eleven my score was ten
User 2: i'll beat your records tomorrow dw how many times you did archery you make me play all these small small games
User 1: okayyy hahah everything is small if you don't qualify
User 2: lelll no i meant one time thing like you were in first year lolol
User 1: okay then lots of art events you wanna do ?
User 2: tomorrow debrief at one thousand, one hundred and thirty
User 1: ok the thing is tomorrow if you want to draw and all then only you should buy card otherwise you should chill with us when we're doing informals
User 2: informals only i want to do so you decide for me accordingly everything i will chill with you
User 1: okk i'll be busy lol
User 2: thankss
User 1: no baby i'll chill in the middle and all but you'll have to be in the library how will i get up for lab dude i don't feel like class aiyo life is tough
User 2: yes ill be in the lab give me some free time i might have to go to udupi for the parcel i have to send papers so
User 1: acha okk kaunsa ohkk hi jen baby i'll be coming back from lab and getting ready so then i'll meet you directly at one 
User 2: aiyo you wait for me after lab
User 1: i have to get ready !!!!!
User 2: i'll come fastly you call me once you're done
User 1: ohkay after getting ready toh ? indian day today
User 2: after lab
User 1: wear your kurta ohoo
User 2: i'll wear after lab
User 1: i'll probably finish fast also today haan same na
User 2: just call kitna you'll get ready
User 1: theek hai i'll see i'll call you or text you reply onay watch se ok
User 2: ha bapre too tensed you are during events is okay winnnnn where are you
User 1: which one?
User 2: left
User 1: lolllsss
User 2: why right one seems too south indian wish kaushik
User 1: did
User 2: you ready baby
User 1: ready
User 2: surprisingly on time hehe after your events pp we'll listen to local train from home lol
User 1: event hehe
User 2: huh
User 1: oki i hate proshow ka listing
User 2: it's fine not that bad we don't like only music lol we can leave the balcony whenever we want i can't stop doing hiccups since morning
User 1: ohoo i don't think i'll win this one dude
User 2: kaunsa
User 1: maybe ho jayega i don't know let's see actually i'll go eat something now
User 2: what's the scene baby
User 1: i lost that cognitive control ka thing mostly
User 2: wrong answer? it's okay jaan
User 1: arre it was damn fun like that
User 2: what do you want me to do now say
User 1: idk stay where you are lol
User 2: literally waiting for your orders
User 1: come at six i feel damn sad to be so dumb dude
User 2: you're not da which event now
User 1: treacherous ties
User 2: all the best honeu
User 1: thanks i won dude 2nd place first time i'm winning revels greattt aajao campus mera last wala miss ho gaya lekin damn sad
User 2: wth yayyyyyy good one kafi you've practiced these games over the years
User 1: haan aajao campus jaldi se yessss just get yourself and enough auto money to get you to campus then i'll cover it send pics
User 2: not good ones today sorry
User 1: ishhh
User 2: but so pretty you were looking it's fkne
User 1: hehe earrings at your place
User 2: everyday you look this good so i'll take pics later i'll get tomorrow
User 1: pls keep safely lovely
User 2: how's the booze
User 1: not in the system anymore
User 2: when is this from lol
User 1: last year when i was sorted into hufflepuff
User 2: i was like different lag rahe ho
User 1: i forgot how much you pamper me hehe you're spoiling me jen you only have to handle it later
User 2: wah don't even give me credit shish aww but you're nice
User 1: hehe i like 
User 2: i lost so badly lol
User 1: aww baby
User 2: padlo have to win this
User 1: read it
User 2: if i don't win got then it will be sad
User 1: sound awesome
User 2: so must win hp i read thoda
User 1: should learn spells first i think
User 2: learn a to z sab kuch
User 1: no no
User 2: classes main also study this
User 1: as in in the game you have to go to a class to learn spells
User 2: oh like that okay okay what time is this at
User 1: hehe 5-7 so after class we can do informals and all human library etc all those things
User 2: what os
User 1: i don't know we will have to go and see i fixed my nailpaint at least i think i fixed it is there's hindi creative writing
User 2: don't apply so much don't go mad
User 1: you think i should give it a try ?
User 2: it's fine if it chips
User 1: i enjoy no no
User 2: what
User 1: dirty hindi creative writing lol
User 2: aukad ke bahar
User 1: mere ? i wrote class twelve hindi acha btw you wanna do comicstrip drawing ?
User 2: i m not creative enough now doesn't make sense
User 1: aiyooo
User 2: i've made comics ab gaya sad
User 1: that's why you do these things to get it back jen jen
User 2: aiyo sometimes you just got to let it go hi honey
User 1: no
User 2: surprisingly not tipsy
User 1: i wish i could draw
User 2: slowly i drank haina
User 1: oho i feel i was too tired for pp today
User 2: but you slept it's finen good it went smooth
User 1: lols did you enjoy me hehe
User 2: devoured you yoney
User 1: i feel i was damn good today you had to stop me so i guess i was good only
User 2: hehe true exactlyn
User 1: hehe
User 2: otherwise you wouldn't have finished
User 1: good good ya i wouldn't have why you didn't finish with me then
User 2: it's not always convenient
User 1: lol ok ok good night ishh
User 2: gm
User 1: gm baby jenny i'm pooping in ab5 it's weird hehe 12:30 lunch ? then informals till five pm okay ?
User 2: lol i have done too many times not till five
User 1: this is my first
User 2: udupi work i have to do todqy
User 1: yes ohooo okay what udupi work you have ?
User 2: send parcel home
User 1: okay till what time are you free then ? i feel good but i'm pooping in ab5 that's weird but i must have a free tummy to enjoy revels informals
User 2: lolll we'll see and you wanted to chill till 5. wonder when you would have told then what do you want to do about this.
User 1: i want to be the sweet girl with no hang-ups. but now i think i have gone mad only. i want you to not kick me out of your house. i want to be able to make my own decisions and i want you to accept me and whatever decisions i make even if you think it's stupid will you do this in the future also ?
User 2: not possible sorry not possible
User 1: where will i go if not to you jen
User 2: no
User 1: if i don't love myself how will you love me
User 2: but listen. i've had enough of your bs. you will do as i say when things get out of hand and beyond your capacity. you're not capable enough when things escalate
User 1: even if you love me and i don't love myself
User 2: and pranjal thing, i'm officially putting an ultimatum. whatever
User 1: i don't want to talk to you jen
User 2: cool
User 1: not right now anyway i love you very much what is this ?
User 2: save it for when you mean it official notice.
User 1: what ultimatum? i do na
User 2: you clearly didn't understand my pov. so i made the decision a bit clearer for you
User 1: i understood your pov you didn't understand mine
User 2: you eill never talk to any of the people j have told you not to.
User 1: and you never will i can't decide that ?
User 2: idm. i have made a decision and it's final. nope you have proved yourself incapable of doing so multiple times
User 1: then you keep your final decisions with yourself jen
User 2: you embarrassrd me again. now they know that dikshita doesn't care what jrnit thinks so thanks for thay
User 1: you can't throw it at me and expect me to follow all the time
User 2: cool, remember the ultimatum. if any of it was without reason you let me know " you never said no to me" this is what happens when you try to handle things so no thanks. i'll be making such bit decisions from now on if you don't like that, you're free to violate then ultimatum
User 1: you took a perfect relationship and threw alcohol all over it jen thanks for that
User 2: if you still think this then you have clearly not being paying attend you're the one ruining jt
User 1: you did it
User 2: embarrass me in front of more people na now he will tell everyone about how you spoke to him
User 1: you didn't embarass me ?
User 2: and then everyone will know that dikshita iska waise bhi mahi sunewali
User 1: i'm so done with your ego jen
User 2: nope. i was polite and to the pointn okay
User 1: you embarrassed me in front of everyone
User 2: hence like i said, there is ultimatum in the picture now regarding all the people i havr told you not to talk to. star this message okay them
User 1: now i am that girl who doesn't stand up for her friends i don't want to text you if you want to talk to me face to face then you shouldn't have kicked me out of your house okay bye 
User 2: yep bye
User 1: okay bye i hate myself jen
User 2: and ps, this is only ultimatum you're getting. i don't have second chances for such shit left. enough you've done to hurt me
User 1: thanks to you
User 2: okay
User 1: what will you do if i break the ultimatum ?
User 2: what happens to things that don't bend?
User 1: if it's so easy for you then don't wait so much jen give me this at least
User 2: it's easy for me only to blackmail what's hang ups
User 1: emotional issues like i know for a fact that i have them now remember how lovely i was in first semester
User 2: which emotional issues exactly because there are a lot rn
User 1: now i'm this all
User 2: should have just stopped after hooking up with me then. tell exactly idm sorting your emotional issues how many ever there may br
User 1: even if i tell you you won't help me
User 2: but i need to trust the person whom i'm dating
User 1: cause you don't seem to care
User 2: if it's class related, it's your fight against yourself
User 1: it's everything i haven't felt so tired in so long
User 2: ok
User 1: i'm gng to the doctor
User 2: ill come
User 1: i never thought i'll go mad i was damn sorted
User 2: thanks to me you're crazy
User 1: you were angry and i laughed dude i must be mad lol
User 2: okay will you tell your issues emotional
User 1: i don't know what they are i'm just not happy that's it and it's very unusual for me
User 2: and again, it's all my fault
User 1: to feel like this i don't know who's fault it is
User 2: fuck it. you're clearly not listening to me at all. have a good laugh. bye
User 1: but when you break things that don't bend be careful not to break the person bye jen ttyl thank you jen
User 2: for getting rid of the he shit people? sure honey you're welcome
User 1: that's great pics i'm not even asking to become chuddy buddies with him i'm just asking to be on talking terms why can't i get that. please jen
User 2: ultimatum yaad rakho baas aur kya hi bolu
User 1: if i'm coming half way you should come the other half then it's a compromise i don't want to sacrifice anything
User 2: what's the half way
User 1: and neither should you ask me to .
User 2: that's not half way
User 1: huh then what is half way according to you ?
User 2: you listening to me and not talking to those people and me being a good bf to you again. i'm not and mentally can't compromise on anything except this
User 1: arre this is what you want tell half way i just want to be on talking terms ki kisiko problem nahi ho
User 2: this is my only offer dikshita i'm sorry.
User 1: you're so stubborn give me what i want arre it's not even affecting you what is your problem
User 2: if it was not affecting me then i would have. since it is, isn't it your job to alleviate your bfs problem plus it won't even be normal also for anyone even if i let you talk to him. so this fight isn't doing productive. so you let your ego go like i have said something the you didn't understand yet, i don't want anything negative poking my relationship. something's that has been poking since last 1.5 years and would have in the future too since y'all are such best friends ...
User 1: it will be 100 it won't affect you at all baby but like nothing poking at all jen you don't know how i used to sit in class in 3rd semester how much they helped me like to talk to me and all and this is not how i thought i'd repay them jen even if i listen to you you remember we can never be happy after making someone sad even if you can i don't want that on my concious
User 2: ready to risk jt don't keep it he deserved it rn you're just keeping your ex friendship over our relationship. that is hurting me
User 1: that's not me jen now it's not even about him anymore also you started it i told you you started this stupid nonsense and now you're just not stopping it's about why you want to control my life
User 2: i'm making decisions as a couple that you couldn't keep as a couple are you fucking sure last time you said fuck that thing just don't do it again so fu plus if you do start talking to him i'll never be normal
User 1: you're supposed to consult me before making such decisions. i don't want to feel so controlled this is my ultimatum and i don't want all this to happen again i spoke to him now i have peace of mind and you can't undo
User 2: you will say this everytime you fuck ip
User 1: and all its done is made me feel a little better i didn't even say that much when you fucked up
User 2: i gave you 1.5 years. after that o told you what i'm doing whatelse you want from me man
User 1: and you fucked up worse than nd me much more much much much worse
User 2: i did it worse. you do this one hundred times with different people
User 1: cause you can't change me jen
User 2: image ki fuck karliya aapnr you won't see that
User 1: this is who i am you have so much problem i don't want to be in any kind of conflict ever and you know that
User 2: no you can't embarrass me and then say you can't undo
User 1: and then also you put me in the situation again and again and again
User 2: you never get any repercussions
User 1: i didn't embarrass you
User 2: so i put you in such situations
User 1: neither do you yes
User 2: wait i'll give you fucking proof
User 1: give
User 2: so it's just not me dikshita everyone knows you're the person whose fault it is i agree the decision making freedom is necessary, but if you take 1.5 years to say no (which you clearly didn't do as said by him) then i will do what's necessary. moreover i told you everything i will do. you should be very fucking lucky i didn't beat him to pulp so be grateful
User 1: i need time
User 2: and if you think that this is the last time it's happening, don't fool yourself, next time i tell you something get it done according to your rules otherwise i will intervene for what? accept it?
User 1: if everyone thinks i'm wrong then maybe i am but i've not understood how and i'm being able to understand the way you're telling
User 2: exactly what i'm trying to do baby huh
User 1: not i'm just saying you should've let me come to the conclusion on my own you can't help me everywhere
User 2: okay, then since you don't want to talk to my bois so the only option you have is it accept it. you'll eventually get it. and then you'll know how to handle such situations in the future ( kill the problem in the womb before it becomes a big problem) didn't really help you i helped me and the relationship that's why no regrets
User 1: you're just being selfish it's fine i'm also being selfish
User 2: dikshitanyou ducking didn't come to a conclusion for three sems, you weren't going to come up with one now. and even if there was a conclusion to this, you wouldn't have applied it because it fucking includes confrontay that you don't have the balls to do so you don't blame me you got a very good chance to handle it but "you never said" fucking "no"
User 1: i will decide that not you are you stupid you know i did
User 2: not clear enough, clearly since he had the balls to tell you directly next time such a thing happens, know the background 1.5 years of liking is not healthy for me or relationship but i clearly remember you saying you're toh enjoying it because it's basically a compliment next time you don't want to break friendships then don't "enjoy " pronlems you really should learn how to prioritize your life
User 1: arre exactly i don't care naaa i kept him as a friend and nothing more. why will i go and stop people who compliment me. jen you don't have to be so insecure.
User 2: yes and you don't have to be so open about other people liking you. i'll be insecure if i'm scared that you'll leave. not when he flirts please get your words correct.
User 1: i'll not leave you know that
User 2: exactly
User 1: then why are you insecure
User 2: .
User 1: people will like me in the future what words
User 2: you really never listen from your mistakes it's not insecure when i'm annoyed by the opposite person and not my gf and you'll again not tell them to be like bro back the fuck off and we'll have this problem again i've seen that you clearly never learn from your mistakes definitely not going to get any easier with long distance. so dikshita you get balls and start being stern with the people who need to be stern with. and not the ones you think that need to be stern with cos you clearly can't tell the difference so going back 1.5 years, this is all your fault. so while my relationship was getting affected for so much time you were having fun, and when o decide to alleviate my problem you're like wtf that's not how it works
User 1: what do you want from me ? you tell me this full and final i know you don't want me to talk to pranjal and i spoke to him and told him everything i had to say and i have nothing else to say so i have no business of talking to him anymore cause he's told me that he isn't going to get over me and i told him that if he doesn't then i can't even ask jen to let me talk that's why since morning whatever you said i agreed but just asked for talking terms cause throwing people out of my life i can't do and i know how it feels if it's done to you i learnt this from karan i know i'll never be happy if i do something like this why do you have such a big problem if i ended my memories with pranjal on a good note instead of a bad one
User 2: when did he say that you didn't tell me
User 1: yet i'm the one being screamed at and pushed and thrown around and asked to leave and whatnot. aap seedhe muh se baat bhi nahi karte jen. aapka gussa is too much.
User 2: because you embarrassed me, yet again cos you always keep my needs side mai and usually do everything to piss me off while making sure that you will 100 not do what i ask you to do
User 1: arre if you had a problem and it was affecting you so much and since the beginning itself you should have removed it then itself like you did with sanidhya. but no you let my friendship grow and then decided to hurt me so much. he was my best friend jenit. not good i will embarrass you again and again and again you didn't let me talk i feel scared to talk when you're angry i forgot everything. i wasn't leaving cause i wasn't done with the convo but no get out of my house rn reminds you of some one ? agrim sharma ? i embarrassed you for my peace of mind and i got it you're being selfish af so was i i don't think what i did made anything worse than it already is i can't speak to arav harshit cause you've already spoken to them it's not in my hand
User 2: okay i'll make a list. you star it and follow it. take that best friend and shove him in your arse then why don't you i didn't interfere because you fucking told me youll handle it. stop acting stupid, you know this is the reason. only reason i interfered was because of your failure never again. i. dare. you. how dare you ask me to talk to him again after him saying he'll never get over you you know how shitty that makes you sound filthy disgusting rubbish exactly the words i'd use for your friendship with him as well pure selfish.
User 1: no i said i can't ask jenit to let me talk to you if you're not going to get over me
User 2: we were happy for the past few days after you said fine i won't talk to him
User 1: i couldn't do it what will you do
User 2: theyd explain the same things since you clearly don't understand my pov
User 1: repercussions in the relationship
User 2: take a break from a relationship next time you embarrass me.
User 1: that's anyway happening
User 2: not counting fights.
User 1: how will it become worse i'm taking a break now all you do is shout at me
User 2: but then you fucking kept asking me to let you talk to him greay
User 1: i said talking terms
User 2: so next time i'll directly break up. good. nothing doing.
User 1: so easy jen
User 2: you do such things no
User 1: so easy for you to say that
User 2: but necessary saying is easy doing is hard but will be necessary
User 1: did you expect me to find it easy to give up a friendship
User 2: otherwise you'll just take advantage of me every step of the way to get your way no
User 1: your definition of necessary i've seen
User 2: but your own fault don't blame me for jack shit
User 1: okay jenit guess what
User 2: okay.
User 1: everything is my fault
User 2: true
User 1: i take full responsibility for it
User 2: shove that sarcasm up your arse next to pranjal you haven't even owned up to a single thing since this thing started. or even in the past. sharam rakho reply also you got a fair turn when we sat outside. so don't give me any of this not being able to complete bs so dikshita all this hiding and all, i have no patience nor time for it
User 1: . what you want me to own up to ? 1. stfu
User 2: not negotiable all the times you've embarrassed me, all times you were wrong and still fought about it like this one. agree to this or we're done here.
User 1: 1. i will decide if to follow or not i give bt you give me more bt cause j have had zero bt in my life before this
User 2: 2) i gave you 1.5 years. there's nothing more i can give so stfu. sorry for coming in your life .
User 1: i haven't even had to handle one person's emotions let alone two and now i have to see for three people and all of those as well who i will embarrass you in front of
User 2: moreover, somiya thing yes. i will own up to everything because i fucked up. yes i told you after it's over. mainly because i didn't know what exactly to say. we were pretty clueless ourselves . . .
User 1: we're done here and then what bas break up that's your solution .
User 2: no i'd like to take a break from our relationship to gather my thoughts about you not doing things that i really need in my relationship. what about this man
User 1: i'll never forget this
User 2: it's fine. cool
User 1: insulting little ass you are let's take a break then
User 2: middle of the fight you start laughing and using sarcasm what else you'll get?
User 1: i wasn't being sarcastic
User 2: are you sure you're not going to follow these three rules then? you don't accept anything. didn't
User 1: no i can't
User 2: okay then we'll take a break bye
User 1: when we're on a break we're not broken up you can't go liking other girls cause you're having trouble that's what you did with somiya na is this what you were waiting for so easy for you jen so easy do you remember ever needing a break before you started this rubbish you ruined everything jenit everything and now you want a break from me god alone knows what next
User 2: in anger i hit the door and broke my hand going to kmc so yeah pretty fucking easy
User 1: missed video call jenit i'll do whatever you want honey reply when you want let me know what to do
User 2: sorry they didn't give me my phone they explicitly said after going home i just can't home nothing's more important to me than you too i love you not fight with me
User 1: i love you too how are you feeling?? q ? okay done do you want to call me? i'd come to the hospital they didn't allow me inside i couldn't tell them to let me through they just wouldn't let me go in i said i'll wait then also no how are you feeling?
User 2: no pain now but we fair the medicines in the hospital only
User 1: i said that jenit will be happy only to see me they said no but
User 2: just came
User 1: ohkaayy haan okk
User 2: in done i would have been tbh
User 1: haan i told him arav didn't let me go
User 2: ik it's fine
User 1: how's it going?
User 2: ate dinner too exhausted three years later and finally you have seen the psychotic jenit you've seen all of me now do you accept it?
User 1: it's fine jen relax haan it's fine i will love you anyway
User 2: cant wait to be married hehe
User 2: gm hehe sleepy head
User 1: gm babu 10k first prize
User 2: cycling? she won?
User 1: ya first place
User 2: wahhh great one i'll call mom
User 1: how's your hand baby aiyo hurting ? jennn
User 2: not much it's fine
User 1: tell me oh
User 2: tell
User 1: medicine you have taken ?
User 2: no
User 1: it's not hurting ? jen missed video call oho you called mom okay good good talk tell me what's the plan
User 2: kmc then homeee
User 1: haan babydoing by eleven i should come i must poop actually
User 2: she said she wanted to come. i told her that if i get surgery then she had to only lol hehe dodo no ghai
User 1: so she's coming if you get surgery ? bas i'm not eating anything and my nails are also proper now
User 1: so all good oho great
User 2: let's see
User 1: thank god i didn't bite
User 2: when
User 1: but you're not going to get surgery nails
User 2: hopefully
User 1: in the last month we'll see what the doctors sat
User 2: ha relax
User 1: running vv late 11:30 i guess
User 2: dw
User 1: jen baby when you come down bring a card pls i forgot to get and i can't go back k
User 2: https:www.scoopwhoop.compeople-share-the-moment-they-fell-in-love?refsocialtypefbb0
User 1: tomato soup  lasooni paneer tikka from madhuwan serai pls i'm too hungry
User 2: yes
User 1: aajao neeche they will make you write your sessionals later
User 2: too late and hectic but let's
User 1: ya you have to da
User 2: nice one six 10 suddenly it started
User 1: ohooo did you eat the medicine ? kal hospital that's a pain killer na
User 2: yes let it work man i hope it does
User 1: how's it now?
User 2: six only
User 1: ohoo hospital ?
User 2: eh no strong boi
User 1: okay
User 2: lol
User 1: tomorrow then no need
User 2: yep
User 1: if it's paining means you should go
User 2: chill dw i want stress won't
User 1: okay babes chill out what's the poa
User 2: 10am
User 1: oki which apartment are you planning ? send my pic na painting ka
User 2: let's see later i'm tired
User 1: okayy
User 2: gn love horny girl
User 1: gn babydoll check out my post do you like it ? i am i think i become too wet too fast nowadays 9:30 are you awake baby
User 2: yes yes
User 1: okay why you didn't text me what time tell
User 2: you said one thousand and thirty
User 1: lol okay i put alarm for nine so im up and pooping so let me know hows the pain?
User 2: three
User 1: oki so what time tell? ill be ready in fifteen mins https:apply.teachforindia.org?utmsourcegoogleutmmediumppcutmcampaignd518gclidcjwkcaiaijpkbraueiwaedxzzcec7i9vwpnt0bh2sdhrdjvpumsk8kd1gds--4xxfzzvb7y5vuf7crocoosqavdbwe jen baby tell time baby jen pls batao
User 2: i'm ready
User 1: i'm also ready give me two minutes tho the cleaning lady has come once she finishes i can pack my bag and all
User 2: okk
User 1: hi honey i'm so sorry i'll tell you what happened
User 2: sup
User 1: where to come ?
User 2: emergency
User 1: my brother is in the hospital so i called you reached ?
User 2: it's okay i'll leave now
User 1: okay leave i'll also leave
User 2: i need change for auto
User 1: oho okay i'll come wait five minutes then leave 
User 2: leave class asap after assignment teacher you have my wallet come to the ct scan area in emergency ward only
User 1: ok coming just got done i'm waiting for you in the next classroom don't leave me and go pls
User 2: okk
User 1: pay attention idiot the seaweed is always greener jen you won't believe kya hua i was down na so one auto stopped i said anna kc kitna loge he's like tum baitho so then i sat
User 2: then
User 1: but then he started the car and stopped it again he's like tum baitho main aata hoon i was like fuck he went to the shop from where you order things and i got out of the auto and ran to the auto stand
User 2: bapre
User 1: sat in a different auto and told him to take me to kc i've crossed hadiga so i should reach in ten
User 2: you're safe that's all that matters
User 1: yesterday also something similar happened
User 2: yesterday i saw you leave
User 1: that guy was driving like an idiot listen na everytime a speed bump was coming he'd stop 5mins before itself
User 2: aiyo
User 1: i was like why is he slowing down i've reached campus
User 2: good good i'll sleep now thank you baby love you
User 1: good night baby love you two
User 2: how many bunks in 1130-1230 lecture
User 1: two you want me to come ? i'll come for sure even when i am not here i won't be missing that muchmusic much
User 2: dw i just have to meet the doc i got my book to study for lab you attend baby
User 1: no i'll come to meet with you how's the pain?
User 2: dw you study baby none
User 1: jen baby where did you go ?  i pooped in bharat lab is taking time i'll come with you to kmv collect your cert nd go eating at cafeteria too hungry
User 2: i'm done coming there
User 1: reached pls retry
User 2: what should i do
User 1: don't delete duplicates  hi jen baby karo pls jen can you mail me the xls file with nine thousand contacts ? convert and send it pls
User 2: yes
User 1: keep only the name and numbers columns. delete all elsr
User 2: you call eight billion, two hundred and two million, nine hundred and twenty-two thousand, two hundred and thirty-one and ask them about it dr anil bhat like did he come in
User 1: okay no he will come on monday they said
User 2: you asked?
User 1: yup do what you did just don't remove duplicates
User 2: i didnt its still coming to 5k
User 1: how's that possible
User 2: thats from her gmail
User 1: when you import the new.vcf
User 2: the vcf file she sent is 0bytes in size
User 1: then it was showing some seven thousand, seven hundred contacts na no use the one on her drive
User 2: accha wait
User 1: vishukothari@gmail.com password is vrishodhara new. vcf
User 2: yes doing send me the vcf file on whatsapp
User 1: okay
User 2: its not getting downlosded
User 1: https:drive.google.comfiled1wcihr3k3sv4pk2p8rs4pupzn15fow0hview?uspdrivesdk do it from her drive whatsapp or anything if i'm using its becoming zero bytes and whatsapp is crashing
User 2: its not downloading directly from the drive either
User 1: her drive
User 2: file mighrt bbe corrupted
User 1: this is my drive
User 2: its not happening you download and sens
User 1: jen i'm not being able to send out both gmail and whatsapp see again
User 2: finally downlloaded wait for five now around ten contacts have business number and also mmobile number which one to keep
User 1: mobile number
User 2: cool
User 1: pls do and send to mom directly 
User 2: email? the file you sent me has only 5.6k contacts no other option now
User 1: jenit some freaky thing happened to me so apparently last night i slept early right i completed my episode and ate the chips and all and slept in the middle of the night at around one i woke up and started shouting at anjali in proper hindi and then i said at the end of it i have to paint my nails and went back to sleep and she's saying that it was proper hindi and i don't know what i said and she doesn't understand hindu so she also doesn't know idk what happened dude fuck  now only she came back to the room from lab so she told me
User 2: no drugs for you
User 1: ohoooo damn freaky and i don't know what i said i don't remember waking up also
User 2: it's fine apologise and forget
User 1: haan she wasn't angry she's just like what is happening she didn't understand na what i said chal i'll go shower hair wash today https:www.filmfare.comawardsshort-films-2019finalists
User 2: what's this
User 1: see it i wanna see short stories
User 2: what are those names lol i'm done going to cafeteria
User 1: okk i'll come some good food please healthy healthy but i'll take time he's not going to leave before time how do fast
User 2: assignment so she you leave lol we'll go have good food outside not here
User 1: you wrote ? how was it ?
User 2: dikshitaaaas
User 1: hi bb
User 2: i wanted to ask how badly do you want to tell me that this fracture is karma for the pranjal thing
User 1: i didn't think like that
User 2: surprising lol
User 1: going to go for captain marvel do you think it is with anjali buying anandh for the two of us yoohoo party time for diks and anjo
User 2: i don't believe in such things aiyoo don't buy two only one
User 1: okay oki
User 2: hello went for the movie? dude i'm passing weeks on coursera without watching videos beautiful
User 1: that's amaze yup abhi interval had anandh two of us ate full packet
User 2: each? i'm getting surgery mumbai doctor said and dad is insisting so i'll go tomorrow mom dad coming dad will leave in a day
User 1: fuckkkk when is this ?
User 2: lets see we'll go to tal tom
User 1: haan what time and all ? when are they coming m missed video call can you hear me jen
User 2: no man hello
User 1: yes i must be thin otherwise they will feel i'm fatty so i'm not fat i'm just stressed hehe like that she's seen my pic na ? she knows i'm not exactly thin
User 2: however you are i like you and she likes you so don't change did it hit
User 1: no dikshita can be thinner also
User 2: no need
User 1: yesss neeeedddddd i don't think it hit me that much today na talk to me  
User 2: hello i fell asleep
User 1: hello me too
User 2: how was the high
User 1: slow was still losing track of time anjali got really high though
User 2: what did she do lol
User 1: she was watching got and singing
User 2: i'm already home have lunch and come if you bunk lunch don't come
User 1: ok
User 2: love you
User 1: love you two
User 2: i've signed you in submit your id went come
User 1: i'm pooping i'll bring some work also and get my cycle and all and come
User 2: hehe ok
User 1: waiting for it to cool down a bit
User 2: the outside temperature?
User 1: yes i don't think anything is going to happen i'll come in fifteen ish
User 2:  
User 1: narendra bhawan bikaner i think i'll ask again talk to me jen lakshmi niwas palace
User 2: hello hello sorry how's it going
User 1: thinking how tough it is for tanisha and sahil
User 2: why
User 1: they're sitting opposite each other and all the old memories they have
User 2: but she cheated
User 1: and they should just forget everything and be friends that's horrible but still
User 2: i can't do it only
User 1: i can't either but i would have still tried i'm a little tipsy
User 2: anything for you
User 1: nethraa is being nethraa
User 2: what you had
User 1: same dude same
User 2: talking about herself
User 1: gimlet ya and biotech changing conversation to bring it to her
User 2: shiii
User 1: ya
User 2: you chill with them da
User 1: damn sad no pls i love you
User 2: i love you too y'all left?
User 1: no you don't sleep early today that's it remind me to upload details on revels website also 5:30 saturday certificate  i cry when you ignore me this is damn sad like too sad they were so good together
User 2: i don't i've baby true it's fine
User 1: like i'm still sad about it what 
User 2: i'm watch a start was born
User 1: are you drunk?
User 2: no wtf it's nice hii
User 1: jen some major sad drama scene with sahil and tanisha and anjali
User 2: interesting scene was it awkward today with them drama yay
User 1: no not awkward just extremely sad very sad dude i toh can't handle
User 2: tell me what is happening
User 1: with anjali dude she liked sahil and he told her he liked her too but then two days later he completely stopped texting he's like it's not you it's me and now anjali is damn sad and she's crying cause she has close to zero closure reminds me of karan dude suddenly what happened no one knows and she jus wants to know what went wrong
User 2: actually? he felt guilty
User 1: ya she went to the washroom but i know
User 2: that's all oh
User 1: wtf how you know all this ?
User 2: think like a guy what else too hot gossip i love
User 1: ohoo it's too sad jen how much she's crying idk how to console also idk why sahil did like that divya said get well soon
User 2: it's fine let her get it out no other option it's fine muslims are like that only
User 1: yaa aiyooo i thought he was a good muslim dude one good one we found jen pls talk to me i feel sad to not be with you now and always that's why i keep thinking about moving out  i poop you sleep dumbs jenit dumbs
User 2: hehe
User 1: hi jen
User 2: move out then lol
User 1: ughhh too tough i'll do some scam let's see
User 2: finger print ya
User 1: that will happen but your pp peeps irritate sleepy baby jenit  i finished my poop i'm happy i'll be thin now no fats lols
User 2: sleeping i love you
User 1: gn ilyt hari om 
User 2: niceee
User 1: orange nahi hai mere pass
User 2: mera lelo
User 1: no wtf i'm going shopping
User 2: get something to wear for tomorrow lol
User 1: ohoo i'm pooping heheheheh
User 2: in ab5?
User 1: yess what's for lunch ? wait for me pls i took martifur i'm feeling a little uti actually quite a lot oops
User 2: how come
User 1: i donno jen i'm just like ouch so i took it
User 2: aiyoo babu dw sleep
User 1: what do
User 2: sleep
User 1: oho why does this keep happening man what is this is it because i pooped in weird places ? bharat and ab5
User 2: ab5 is pretty clean so is bharay but possible
User 1: too sensitive it's become idk how to strengthen the pee hole man
User 2: it's fine
User 1: i drank water
User 2: kitna sad you become while leaving aiyo what gossip divya gave
User 1: nothing at all ya
User 2: why you didn't meet her or what
User 1: i did but like she didn't have an update like that idk
User 2: huh tell me background yoh
User 1: arre there's nothing to tell she didn't tell me anything you ask her directly if you don't believe me
User 2: arre its fine when you coming baby
User 1: when i wake up a little more
User 2: come jaldi
User 1: okk oho hottie  great one jawline cutestsmileever greatttt one post it
User 2: haina eyes are weird
User 1: now i noticed you look high
User 2: no no i was blinking
User 1: ohoo aur nahi hai ? bhejo jen i've been invited to onesta by rishabh and jayant at eight today i'll go ? i'll be there when your parents come like i'll meet them today itself for sure
User 2: i'll ask them to stay in pp only
User 1: acha okay
User 2: respected sir ma'am, you're going to be so unhappy they got gucci perfume and dress for you they are laughing that you were indian
User 1: ohoooo jen i can't accept so much my mom hasn't given anything don't do man it's fine it's easier to accept someone you laugh at it's finnnneeeeeeeee send pics though i wear indian cause it's too hot to wear jeans  also cause indian makes you look effortlessly awesome ohoo it's fine
User 2: hehe future
User 1: ohoooo jen pls say no
User 2: and zara one piece
User 1: jen
User 2: i said
User 1: then what did they say ? oho it'll be damn sad if i don't fit into the dress shit i'm screwed it's fine did they sleep ?
User 2: not yet
User 1: okay
User 2: jheal tried it on and loved it
User 1: jheal is very very very very thin aiyo i can't accept da
User 2: you know you will accept
User 1: and you know why i shouldn't also let me know the plan for tomoy i'll set alarm accordingly
User 2: why lunch only directly
User 1: aiyo how much already slept kya ? call me once they sleep
User 2: sleep true last gift i told jheal to knock some sense they are kids with too much money i feel
User 1: ohoooo hahaha
User 2: cocktail mai he didn't click my pics only lol
User 1: ok np oho baba what is this
User 2: slomos
User 1: ohoo jen too d good  pretty
User 2: harshit find her too hot
User 1: she is na i've seen her in real life lol i'm sleeping jen gn there is a cat in the block what time?
User 2: lol i'll tell you
User 1: hi jen tell me time to come
User 2: 1isha you and divya come together
User 1: listen i want to help with the cooking if she needs help also how many people
User 2: seven of us you relax
User 1: no no idk how to cook but i can do what she asks should i come early or something you told her?
User 2: no chill i just invited her
User 1: ok she's probably sleeping they stayed out last night
User 2: she replied where who all
User 1: ok ok idk i wasn't told anything
User 2: .
User 1: idk jenn i wasn't invited i didn't ask okay one i'll come
User 2: might be at sahils house or something this is the reason you should move out stay considering it
User 1: i don't give a damn
User 2: start
User 1: i'm not moving out and that's final
User 2: you'll be too alone after eleven everyday fu
User 1: no no no no no no idc dude idc i've asked mom she said okay to move out but no for giving permission to stay over in someone's place
User 2: do it
User 1: also like
User 2: but you'll have your own place
User 1: do your parents eat cake ? eggless pastry ?
User 2: no need to get
User 1: aiyo no i'm gettin
User 2: they don't really eat
User 1: it doesn't matter you can tell me what they enjoy ice cream?
User 2: you sure
User 1: no they don't leave it jen don't hit me where it hurts okay
User 2: happy?
User 1: oiyoooo
User 2: .
User 1: heheheh i think so i have to do more now
User 2: just be yourself and you'll be fine man one week test plus most of the time we'll be in the hospital so you just relax
User 1: okayyy
User 2: come by 1:30 only
User 1: no we left jen where are you aajao pls lovely dress dude i loved it i'll wear for my bday
User 2: actually very nice good good as thin as jheal happy?
User 1: who said this your mom? aiyooo i had to wear slip inside otherwise full you can see hehe yes
User 2: no she yelled the dress before buying it so if it got her then your as thin as her nap beaut
User 1: yelled? ok good then
User 2: tried cutie
User 1: hehe waist is proper
User 2: you saw the perfume?
User 1: chest is too small ya saw it subtle she'll smell so i'll wear with slip
User 2: good
User 1: ya i'll call you ?
User 2: no no dad didn't sleep
User 1: oh ok ok you go sleep with your mom mommy cuddles
User 2: i study lol
User 1: ohoo okay study
User 2: what you doing
User 1: got missed video call
User 2: cutieee
User 1: hi jen wassup ?
User 2: dad and i both were lying on the couch harshit came home tipsy
User 1: ohooo
User 2: he thought the dad was me
User 1: then?
User 2: so he's like sip boi
User 1: oh fuck
User 2: sup lol but then he looked at me so dad didn't know
User 1: ohoo than god he was smelling? what are you all doing then?
User 2: nop
User 1: the sigil we saw in the photo booth the one i said was a wolf for stark was a great bear for mormont
User 2: it is grizzly bear this sigil is just fake
User 1: lolll
User 2: we were going to go see a house and dinner at madhuvan i'm texting somiya for the emerald thing okay
User 1: great enjoy why were? tell i'm awake now
User 2: huh
User 1: whatsup i can't understand hi she scolded me for accepting she said what is wrong with you you want to get married after undergraduate itself or what  then dad also joined off
User 2: what did he say
User 1: he's like you're too young for this abhi minimum five years padhna hai abhi we won't get you married and we won't make anything official pls don't tell your parents all this because i told them pls give some return gift for jenit cause i was feeling bad 
User 2: just tell them that they gave birthday gift. and those people also won't let jenit marry after under graduate ke baad aiyo i told you i don't need anything
User 2: tell them in the next five year only vidushi is going to get married and just say that we are just kids you don't have to get scared of us making bad decisions did they shout shout
User 1: yes mom shout dad feed mom points to shout about that's what they said they said no scene in which you get married immediately after undergraduate you please tell jenit you don't say anything properly then they started talking about pranjal situation they're like uske case mein bhi tu firm nahi thi yahan bhi mixed signal bhej rahi ho jenit ko batao so then i bataoed jenit i'm ready for dinner where and when do i need to come i love your parents dude they're cute like that acha jen
User 2: dude just tell them that i spoke to jenit and he knows
User 1: haan i said this cause i have told you na six years karke they're like kuch nahi boli pakka firm hona nahi aata
User 2: you know your decide everything so why take tension
User 1: this that yes
User 2: aiyo
User 1: correct what time tell ?
User 2: i'll tell you can your parents
User 1: ?
User 2: and next time don't tell them everything
User 1: aiyo i can't jen
User 2: handle
User 1: haan i can
User 2: tell me when they settle down
User 1: haan i'll tell
User 2: madhuvan these guys are saying no we might be alone you want to come?
User 1: oho what to do i'll come you tell me whatever you say i'll do
User 2: we are going alone sorry
User 1: as in i'm not invited anymore ? okk enjoy !!
User 2: no one is coming
User 1: you can invite divya if you want me to come
User 2: no no
User 1: aiyo i'm not understanding do i have to come or no
User 2: i told them about your parents shouting. they understand obviously so no more gifts for you no baby sorry
User 1: oho okay
User 2: don't you have to study for assignments
User 1: nah
User 2: why man
User 1: do they hate me 
User 2: why will they hate you
User 1: i don't know okk
User 2: you relax
User 1: okayyyyy i'm relaxxxed don't take them to the neeche wala where we go
User 2: i was going to tell you only that didn't tell parents about perfume
User 1: take them to the veg only restaurant that's a different section they'll get jain there
User 2: obviously i
User 1: ok ok
User 2: are you texting your mom
User 1: no why i video called her she's calm now
User 2: ha good tell her that i'm not a stupid boy twenty-one is too young
User 1: haha yes i know
User 2: i understand your parents reaction
User 1: ya
User 2: throw money to get rishta
User 1: as in ?
User 2: guys side has to prove that they can take care of the girl na
User 1: arre chillax that's not the concern with my family
User 2: then? this is only the concern
User 1: that i'm too chota
User 2: that we are gifting too early
User 1: and i have to complete my study yes
User 2: same no more gifts for dikshita
User 1:  ya probably for the best i love the gifts though the dress is too smart
User 2: enjoy it. won't be getting for a long time
User 1: ok jen sorry jenit 
User 2: ask your mom if i can still pay for dates
User 1: aiyo
User 2: it's fine baby you don't have to apologise for anything
User 1: sorry na
User 2: girls parents are the hardest karlege sehen
User 2: leaving now dad is leaving on wednesday now tuesday fought for cancelled
User 1: good one
User 2: lol got updates on you kshitij hes high on md lol
User 1: what's that ?
User 2: very hard drug basically which we will never ever try
User 1: acha ok that's ecstasy
User 2: that level only
User 1: okk this is also ecstasy
User 2: 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine
User 1: yup that's the one
User 2: derivative of meth
User 1: hi jen how was dinner ? what did your parents say ?
User 2: they liked the place
User 1: good good
User 2: and i told them achesse explained about the gifts they seemed apologetic
User 1: ohooo
User 2: so good
User 1: nooo
User 2: then we would about you family spoke
User 1: what did you say ?
User 2: your nothing thoda small things i don't remember
User 1: what did they say ? about my mom dad ?
User 2: nothing it's fine only only good dw
User 1: tell
User 2: don't remember i was tired so don't remember lol so sleepy i'm sleeping with arav harshit ka ac isn't cooling
User 1: tell something at least i'm calling   
User 2: about vidushi
User 1:  oho what about ?
User 2: im with abhinav and all
User 1: oku i'll ask you tomorrow what they talked about my fam you tell me at least five points you have the full might to prepare
User 2: i don't like these tests
User 2: gm
User 1: gm what's the poa
User 2: nothing
User 1: lol ok
User 2: i'll go to see managers if other buildings and then college then hospital to ask poa for tomorrow then home
User 1: where should i join?
User 2: college hospital dinner i'll tell
User 1: ok
User 2:  anyone that has been an organizercategory head, or has won prizes during techtatva revels (over the past three years), please contact priya kamath ma'am regarding the same. this is for the college's nba accreditation. we're in pesrl city
User 1: got it ? how is the new house ?
User 2: not yet the guy just came https:goo.glformshvkwtyxwdngcux1f2
User 1: ok ok
User 2: guys if you have multiple answers please number them and have them in separate lines. those who have filled, it's fine, don't fill it again
User 1: don't let me watch got today unless i finish mi ka studying
User 2: okay baby we really like pearl city
User 1: okk go for it send pics pls
User 2: yes wait
User 1: you bunked?
User 2: dude don't fill this
User 1: filled
User 2: apparently it's only for my section 
User 1: divya also filled oops
User 2: it's fine now
User 1: ya what this is dude idk how to do what is straight line method ?
User 2: you sent in between assignment naughty will be missing tomorrows lan
User 1: ohooo today for dinner leave me baby i'll join tomorrow
User 2: why
User 1: you guys chill if you want me to come i'll come no problem
User 2: nachossss
User 1: oho she's making? okay i'll come no jk you tell me what i should do i do not want to overstep like that
User 1: hi jen what time dinner pls let me know hi jen don't take pearl city it's stricter than pragati also you have to leave before eight otherwise they will call you on the number you have written and you have to submit card and take and go before eight for shambhavi you just have to beg it seems tell them you don't drink and party and all and they will allow in pearl city you cannot stay overnight and it's an old building it was good 2-3 years back
User 2: it's not free they said
User 1: you wanna take pearl now also ?
User 2: wait i'll take to arusha
User 1: ok and tell for dinner pls
User 2: not today
User 1: okayy
User 2: hello two internship replied one deadline is april ten and one is twelve hours lol i'll do that let's hope they conduct assignments tomorrow
User 1: ok jen
User 2: i saved all the good 25th wala function ka pictures haaa
User 1: who told you kt had md
User 2: he denied kya? mayank abhinavs roommate like i asked him is he the eee one and he said yes but then today arav was talking to some other "tiwari" so i might have confused
User 1: no he said don't tell anyone no he did for sure
User 2: lol yes it's fine
User 1: hi i'm going to go for upaxh ka sis ka wedding it's in chennai
User 2: when not fair but okay jk
User 1: i'm not missing any marks dude plus it's in chennai i'll go meet nani hehe
User 2: when
User 1: seven th may morning flight 940am
User 2: 7th may is our last paper
User 1: no that's 6th may
User 2: are you sure
User 1: yes jennnn
User 2: sorry i was coding internship test must get
User 1: oho how if was ?
User 2: i got the first problem second one seems too easy so i already for some clarification
User 1: okk
User 2: dude i'm so fucking pissed at ubuntu
User 1: ya i was too
User 2: dude the first task i did everything it worked beautifully then i was renaming it so command is mv but i did rm and deleted it so sad i'll start up today
User 1: ishhhhh why daaa
User 2: everyone was talking so i was distracted
User 1: use windows
User 2: can't code in it sad i'll have to stay awake
User 1: ohooo i'm feeling bad so much mehnat when are you going to call me btw tomorrow ten am juice
User 2: i called you didn't answer it was ringing
User 1: ohooo when da eleven pm okk i no see hehe
User 2: did you study mi
User 1: i'm doing it simultaneously with got
User 2: stop got
User 1: no
User 2: it hurts me to say but you have to
User 1: noooo no
User 2: forbid
User 1: hehe no
User 2: expelliarmus
User 1: i stopped mi lel
User 2: study or i'll be sad very
User 1: i did for two hours i'm full only two more episodes to go to complete got i'll be sad if my marks go down lol
User 2: wtf youre an addict
User 1: ur
User 2: i love you
User 1: i love you too bb
User 2: ttyl in20 mins ill be done with q2 too
User 1: okk leave a text babu i'll call you
User 2: i'm done just emailing them
User 1: hi bb you can text but not call sorry anjali slept actually
User 2: still watching got ?
User 1: yes jon snow is so stupid when she came beyond the wall that time couldn't he have just listened to her and sat on the dragon and left asap he was busy killing wights killing them he lost an entire dragon idiot person not smart
User 2: arre the wights kept coming man gm baby
User 1: gm
User 2: you went for class no
User 1: nine am food i'm hungry
User 2: wru
User 1: class wru
User 2: cafeteria
User 1: be like harshit ne dare kiya khareedne ke loye
User 2: he put it in as a prank
User 1: okk my rep is ruined jen this is damn bad you see idk what to do black spot on my charitra i'll just pretend as if it didn't happen
User 2: dw ha don't be itna tension mai it's bad but it'll be worth it if we stay in a relationship in the future too then they'll be like eh
User 1: oho noooooo they'll judge
User 2: if they ask i'll tell harshits prank if they don't then you also forget it
User 1: okk
User 2: you done?
User 1: okk how's it going ?
User 2: ate tasty lunch mom didn't say anything dad doesn't know for sure and this topic will never come out again
User 1: okkk
User 2: come tomorrow with the bois
User 1: haw not today? she's fine toh ??
User 2: don't know there's nothing today let's see
User 1: ohoo
User 2: going to the hospital so depressing and you said that vidushi said that it will hurt when exactly now they are saying that surgery won't happen tomorrow because i'm late i'm like wtf they didn't give time or anything fucking chuts
User 1: arrrrreee i knew they'll say something like this what's happening now ? after the surgery for couple of days then again they'll do chota procedure to remove the wires be careful not to get infection otherwise the recovery will take a long time my tuesday lab is over lol
User 2: at home wasted lab time now i'll be missing friday lab as well such bt okay bt i want to cuddle with you ya
User 1: aiyo jen i'm toh still vv scared pls give me a call whenever free ohooo how are mom dad what did they say ?
User 2: i toh got pissed and left the hospital they only spoke to the hod chutiya
User 1: arre so then you left them ? aiyo
User 2: now everyone is at home
User 1: i told you that day itself
User 2: but yeah what
User 1: let's go confirm it off  aiyooo it's fine
User 2: we asked him the procedure what else man
User 1: yaa how were we to know are you more east coast or west coast? https:www.buzzfeed.comawesomerare-you-more-east-coast-or-west-coast?utmterm.veoaynpy8n.veoaynpy8n pls answer i need your disposition
User 2: why
User 1: pls for my peace of mind
User 2: don't irritate and tell
User 1: arre nothing da i wanna see if we're same or not
User 2: i'm already drained and if it is not important then i'm not doing
User 1: oh okay then leave it i just sent for tp
User 2: sorry im in just a bad mood today i feel very handicapped its very sad
User 1: aww
User 2: i dont want to slack which is what is happening rn
User 1: why will you slack da you're studying everyday like a good boy
User 2: but i'm missing labs and classes
User 1: but you can do it again na take permission during sessional and finish it off
User 2: that i already took but still yaar plus this internship thing is a bt too stressful man
User 1: sameeeee i'm not getting  good na
User 2: ik its fine
User 1: then you can work in the lab aaram se
User 2: we'll do something
User 1: the thing is i don't want to do also 
User 2: whhy da
User 1: i toh hated wiring working
User 2: lolll
User 1: i don't know what i'll do simply new new didn't like
User 2: teach
User 1: plus not what i wanted to do dude i'm not going to become a teacher i refuse to be called teacher
User 2: why
User 1: idk i don't know what i want to do man i'm pretty confused i get marks i know
User 2: its fine. just study for now
User 1: doesn't mean i can become an engineer
User 2: then we'll see
User 1:  ya
User 2: we are engineers dudr lol @ u
User 1: i feel like a fraud lol it's okay current in bae there are over two hundred and fifty "game of thrones" characters and i'll be impressed if you can name twenty-five https:www.buzzfeed.comcrystalroquiz-game-of-thrones-character-name?utmterm.hgwd7nd308.hgwd7nd308 i finished full got
User 2: which assignments tom
User 1: none maybe power electronics
User 2: study for it you know pura?
User 1: i did it in lab lab was done vv fast so i studied in lab cause he wasn't letting us go i'm preparing ten cool games for mon if you have any ideas pls tell me
User 2: lol preparing matlab
User 1: like thinking of cool games for the kids to play i like doing all these fun things what should i become
User 2: new ones?
User 1: yes
User 2: your mom only
User 1:  i agree
User 2: you actually like all that only so why not its not a bad thing at all plus you get to have fun also
User 1: let's see
User 2: do internship with mummy
User 1: i have to finish study lol hahah
User 2: its not like you have a choice lol i was studying extra i have to submit a report on some research paper thats the second task
User 1: oho why to whom what ?
User 2: yesterday what i was doing was round one today round two
User 1: okk
User 2: hi
User 1: hi bb
User 2: mom was silent the entire day when dad said lets go for a walk also she said no she went but yeah then when they came i sat with them and spoke
User 1: we're screwed ya tell
User 2: so shes a bit light now nothin just general
User 1: she told your dad ?
User 2: doubt it three year relationship she cant break with one hundred rs pill relax
User 1: aiyooo just tell her it's not yours da
User 2: i cant bring it up now
User 1: if she told your dad then ? aiyooo i can't talk about this
User 2: we didnt have such a sharing relation man dont then and stop worrying
User 1: okay i made games
User 2: am i celibate tho
User 1: yes
User 2: tell
User 1: there's one got based cluedo one house ka one member killed another house ka member and you have to figure out how where and why
User 2: why can't you just get the normal board games and play that
User 1: do i look basic to you
User 2: then why do you like to play them so much
User 1: lol no fancy games for fancy trips normal games toh they can play here also talk to me jen what's up
User 2: hello tried tired
User 1: acha okk sleep off then
User 2: no no text
User 1: okay hypothetical situation my cluedo game do you wanna see ?
User 2: sure
User 1: it vvvvv hypothetical so that people who donno game of thrones can also play it so there are four teams each team will be given one of these sheets with all the information on it they have to figure out who killed who
User 2: ohh
User 1: open any one and see
User 2: i saw good names creative
User 1: thanks heheh
User 2: i think it will work i wouldn't mind playing it
User 1: haha okkk then don't see all now i'll make you play it
User 2: i saw two but didn't read dw
User 1: okk
User 2: i want to play lol
User 1: yes and we will slept kya baby? ;ol
User 2: yes i thirsty hehe gn ly
User 1: gn sweetie lyt
User 2: in the hospital now
User 1: oh why
User 2: admission? still waiting doing nothing
User 1: oho mom is okay ?
User 2: didn't really say anything to show she's not okay
User 1: like she's talking and all normally na ? and dad ?
User 2: he's yoh fine i guess
User 1: all normal or some change in behaviour? ok
User 2: it's fine now dont stress spoke to praniti
User 1: ya seems okay why ?
User 2: asked her to enquire floor gtech for
User 1: haan good good
User 2: biomed in gtech is right under mit then how is eth zurich better
User 1: i know which is why it will be tough to get in that's 1 for biomedical idk dude even if it's not my heart is just set that i want to go there and i've seen it and i want it more than anything else if not that then wherever you go is good for me hehe so georgia tech which is hardly a compromise
User 2: john hopkins and mit are 1
User 1: nooo i can't get those talk normal people colleges i've seen the syllabus at john hopkins
User 2: gtech
User 1: i don't want to study that mit is great def but i don't wanna go to a college where i'll only have to study i wanna be normal not like i'll get there lol
User 2: true got my room pretty chill
User 1: okay tell me where
User 2: n2 block two hundred and twelve
User 1: ok i'll come after class
User 2: okk
User 1: how it go ?
User 2: sleeping
User 1: ok hey jen should i get something for you? some snacks or something ? ask mom also if she wants i'll come at 5:30 i think tell me how do i come there ?
User 2: you just come n2 block two hundred and twelve
User 1: how to go to n2
User 2: enter from opd then ask
User 1: ok chillax lol
User 2: next time i ask you to do something just do it
User 1: we can talk about this later
User 2: no next time i say something and mean it, you make sure you do it
User 1: okay sorry relax now
User 2: yeah that's not happening fuck your pranjal man
User 1: eat something calm down
User 2: i ate still doesn't change the fact for your piece of mind you had to talk na great your piece of mind is costing me exams so thanks
User 1:  ok jen sorry
User 2: thanks brings back my marks great i'm missing end sems i have to be that person who comes back during make ups but again you at least got to talk to your bestest friend so that i can suffer through all this so thanks again
User 1: we will talk about this later
User 2: no now i've started
User 1: what's the conclusion going to be seems like you've been blaming me for a while now
User 2: yes partial but yes
User 1: okay what do you want me to say
User 2: idk
User 1: okay do you want me to defend myself?
User 2: if i knew that then we wouldn't be having this conversation because you would have said it if you're shameless enough
User 1: okay then leave it
User 2: since you want to defend might as well do it don't hide anything
User 1: no i don't want to you're right it's fine i'm sorry
User 2: seems like you also have been keeping it in
User 1: not at all
User 2: don't say all this because i'm getting a surgery
User 1: i'm not da
User 2: don't need your pity
User 1: if you want to scream at me you can
User 2: done with that
User 1: then what is left to say
User 2: won't make a difference anyway even if you don't know, i know you'll do the same thing again one day
User 1: i don't want to talk about it now
User 2: i want to clear it now
User 1: it's cleared for me you tell me if there's anything left
User 2: okay then. gn
User 1: no say what you want
User 2: .
User 1: gn all the best for surgery jen
User 2: i don't even know for sure if you want the best for me
User 1: i do i'm trying to help you
User 2: after keeping your mind at peace that is
User 1: i'm sorry i tried to keep my mind at peace i'm sorry you punched the door i'm sorry i fought with you because i thought i was being crushed i'm sorry i told you the truth i'm sorry i ever thought i could make my own friends but i love you jen
User 2: great so you're right again you're so like naman
User 1: and i think that it's not me you should blame or ever pranjal
User 2: playing the helpless card all the time
User 1: you stated it started it and you have to deal with the consequences i'm trying to make it simpler
User 2: you went and spoke to him again
User 1: i'm an individual i will do whatever the fuck i want i think you should sleep we will talk later gm gn
User 2: trying being single then if you want your individuality so much
User 1: you're acting like 11th grade jen do you even read what you're typing should i apologise for being myself i don't understand
User 2: and you were acting fake all this time by pretending that you understood the entire thing. i'm sure if i hadn't broken my hand you would still be adamant about what ever shit you did
User 1: i said i'm fine with what you decided
User 2: myself raho. par significant logo ka bhi soch lo kabhi
User 1: socha maine
User 2: you clearly didn't understand that means
User 1: i told you what you ask is not possible
User 2: ghanta
User 1: you didn't understand so i gave i'm in okay jenit i listened to you i haven't spoken to him every you got to go and scream at him i don't know why you're still angry at me you brought it on yourself and you know it i can only help but i don't think you want me to help you anymore should i come to see you before your surgery?
User 2: except when you were selfish enough but okay
User 1: let's not talk about selfishness i already told you i'll do as you say
User 2: you sleep. doing zyaea effort is not your forte
User 1: you've already won this agreement should i come or no
User 2: like always you do what you want
User 1: okay then i'll be there 11am should i bring something?
User 2: no just leave your bs and come
User 1: ok
User 2: gn
User 1: gn
User 2: you deleted this message gm
User 1: gm i'll be there in an hour happy holi
User 2: okk
User 1: how are you feeling?
User 2: fine only can't drink water
User 1: ohoo us sips of water you're allowed hi jen what are you doing ?
User 2: getting ready for surgery now come later
User 1: huh already ?
User 2: come in an hour or so
User 1: arre wait what is happening? already they're taking you ?
User 2: yes
User 1: i'll come asap
User 2: you'll make it before surgery i think
User 1: okk eleven i should be there
User 2: ok
User 1: shit i'm vv late pls fifteen mins more
User 2: not possible come after only na study now
User 1: ohio tell me when you're going in
User 2: i'm on the wheelchair going to old trauma ot i think
User 1: okk be brave sweetie all the best i'm in your room two hundred and twelve
User 2: hi
User 1: hiiii
User 2: the guys didn't even text damn shitty
User 1: they haven't replied to me either something must have come up they are probably asleep don't worry they know they can't do anything to help since you already have two iron born ladies with you 
User 2: awww cute
User 1: haan they'll text you when they're sober
User 2: thank you for your help much needed study now
User 1: aiyo i think i overstepped
User 2: how'd you know they are some drunk
User 1: hahahh
User 2: y
User 1: cause it's holi jen everyone is bhand cause like i was helping in whatever way i thought idk if she might have thought that she was not needed that's why i told you talk to your mom make her feel wanted and don't ask her to leave tomorrow
User 2: i'm too drugged up
User 1: hahah did they reply bby
User 2: i can't fulfill everyone's wishes basically they were too drunk to come
User 1: what happened aiyooo who's wishes
User 2: mom this
User 1: aiyooo jennnn always remember who had your back when you wanted them to don't take them for granted that's it
User 2: tbh i feel damn depressed that no one came
User 1: but i can't came
User 2: yes i'm glad very
User 1: they will alll come tomorrow dw no need to be depressed and all
User 2: let's see
User 1: remember who took you to the hospital in the first place they were there for you
User 2: hmm
User 1: when i want
User 2: it's the meds talking
User 1: wasn't able to yes maybe
User 2: i love you baby
User 1: in any case don't forget that i'd come then also hehe
User 2: i remember everything dw
User 2: i'll text in a bit
User 1: ok
User 2: mom is leaving day after only
User 1: good
User 2: i can't cope up man
User 1: so then you'll be discharged when she leaves what happened
User 2: i'm seeing all instagram stories very depressing
User 1: why you wanted to play holi?
User 2: no i just wanted it to be normal
User 1: and it will be normal
User 2: future bigad diya
User 1: wtf how
User 2: idk
User 1: one setback doesn't ruin your life
User 2: short term
User 1: not even short term i have already given you the solution where's mom
User 2: here only
User 1: ok ok dinner?
User 2: but damn sad that everyone preferred partying over coming done
User 1: it is but like
User 2: man it feels like clinical depression
User 1: they were there for you that's different
User 2: divya doesn't even text. why should i call her to meet my parents them
User 1: who divya
User 2: didn't
User 1: she's asked me about you some fifty times
User 2: ok
User 1: they will all come to see you tomorrow baby don't worry
User 2: we'll see
User 1: ya now you just relax i'll nap for a while i'm vvvvvvvvvv sleepy i have to study also at night
User 2: yes yes study gn
User 1:  arre jen i forgot to sign in  dinner bhi miss ho gaya night canteen ka menu nahi hai ohoooo bt aap so gaye i ordered from night canteen biryani so spicy everytime i eat spice i must poop i pooped thrice today once in your hospital room lol
User 2: bapre i'm glad you pooped i can't even pee without assistance hate living like this
User 1: oho who helped ? just a bit more did your friends come yet ? i think they will come after class
User 2: priyanka came and left
User 1: good girl
User 2: kaustubh said he'll come but doubt it
User 1: aenge sab dw
User 2: harshit mostly can't
User 1: why can't ? how are you feeling still hurting?
User 2: mom pulled pants a little then i handled
User 1: okkk cute
User 2: seven classes no
User 1: the fuck oh even the plaster of paris ? i'll come at 3:30ish only attending one and two today
User 2: it's fine only okay you leave on your own only you have papers to give
User 1: i got some thing for you hehe surprise
User 2: board games
User 1: no aiyooo you want ?
User 2: no no dw
User 1: how's it going? how are you feeling? watch something na
User 2: drowsy
User 1: pain meds eat the yoghurt
User 2: found out the thing pricking me are the wires sticking out ha tried
User 1: oho
User 2: don't feel like
User 1: tomorrow they'll remove them na what did the doc say?
User 2: lol no the wires will stay for 3week
User 1: ok later they'll remove ok ok
User 2: they'll inspect and discharge by three tom
User 1: woohooo
User 2: long time
User 1: good
User 2: i guess
User 1: when is mom leaving? i'll be able to come also then after second pair paper
User 2: sunday morning yes
User 1: okk
User 2: sunday you study okay no tp even i'll be studying
User 1: ya darling chillax i got this
User 2: how'd the prep
User 1: slow and steady
User 2: confident? karooo
User 1: dude that's the problem i'm having performance anxiety lol
User 2: lollll why but
User 1: and this the first time i'm writing without help from p so then it's like proving a point also aagaye friends?
User 2: koi nahi aya dw
User 1: you dw
User 2: you'll do good anyway
User 1: i'm there for you sabke barabar
User 2: haina
User 1: i'm the output of the summer amplifier 
User 2: its fine its exam time
User 1: yoghurt try kiya? kaunsa flavour acha laga? mulberry
User 2: mulberry i hadnt even seen
User 1: hehe
User 2: i had two only
User 1: which
User 2: straw mango
User 1: aww i glad you liked mango so much natak yesterday 
User 2: no natak its newww i like hehe few more hours im never getting a fracture again fuck this
User 1: good decision
User 2: no need to get sad if those people don't include you referring to your snap
User 1: arre ab i'm not made of stone okay means if i feel sad i feel sad
User 2: ok but no need sooner you realise that its not a loss the better
User 1: kind of over if it  but it's still sad
User 2: take your time
User 1: that he thought it more important to be my bf than have me as a best friend or like more important to have me as a crush than a best friend
User 2: hmm
User 1: i'm a good friend dude
User 2: dont remember lol it was only one month lolll
User 1: same what i would do for you i would do for them also got you pizza cake that was hardly a friendship we were never really friends like that lol
User 2: idm
User 1:  this only so it's peace but like removable condition i'm getting a horrible coldcough
User 2: too much time you were in hospital lol
User 1: oho hope not what time will you sleep?
User 2: lets see i had dinner
User 1: then i guess you'll be sleeping in an hour or so who are you texting apart from me?
User 2: harshit
User 1: why what are you texting him
User 2: school friends called
User 1: .
User 2: hes asking how are you and all
User 1: good good
User 2: its fine dw
User 1: acha okay good good haan don't fight it's fine
User 2: im not da
User 2: i need to work on anger management after getting out
User 1: probably it's cool
User 2: ily
User 1: i love you too sweetie take care
User 2: how much done
User 1: three chota parts left
User 2: do so i'm sleeping gn 
User 1: sleep gn
User 2: i have decided to give the end sems now only let's see if god can stop me god ka baap nahi rok sakts ab when is your period due
User 1: okay i'll support tomorrow sorry tuesday already i'm feeling a little irritated and hot so pms so pimples also went ab aaega
User 2: all i ask i love you so much
User 1: i love you too sweetie although i feel you should give in june you'll be better prepared why don't you want to write it later? paper is also easier stupid kids will be sitting with you
User 2: i'll beg to sahil it's fine
User 1: when one bright paper like yours comes teacher will be like wah kya ladka hai too good and a in everything
User 2: want to prove myself that i can do it
User 1: arre but why chill karo
User 2: no no
User 1: let your hand heal properly okk
User 2: study
User 1: if you've made up your mind i'll not tell more
User 2: yes i love you all the best
User 1: i taught sriya nd all ice kids shortcuts for tomorrow's paper they're all like wah i love you too
User 2: hehe gnnn
User 1: legit they were doing some long ass things okayy gnnn 
User 2: ice lol
User 2: kill it
User 1: thanks boss i miss you dude first time i'm writing without you 
User 2: you're in my thoughts
User 1: for bad things?
User 2: aiyo jaaaannn padlo i love you all the best
User 1: i love you too how much i did i'm worried about second subject more talk to me i have five mins break and i miss you
User 2: it's fine first subject first you'll come home today no
User 1: ya i had taught the second subject mom is there i'll come for sure tell what you want
User 2: good huh
User 1: i'll shower and come lol kuch leke aoon?
User 2: hehe okay
User 1: so by 4:30
User 2: pyar
User 1: no no no tell material things
User 2: it's fine whenever boobssss
User 1: lol what jen ok i'll get
User 2: i want to sex hehe
User 1: more yoghurt
User 2: relax
User 1: your mom will see
User 2:  sex sex sex
User 1: stop it someone will see
User 2: nudessss send lol no no exam focus
User 1: too much libido calm down i want cuddles i will die otherwise
User 2: been too long na same
User 1: when can we do cuddles my body feels deprived and same feels my hearty because it just wants to party
User 2: sunday if you finish the second subject today itself then eefm i'll teach
User 1: first subject is eefm haha too easy
User 2: exactly
User 1: second subject i'll do tonight
User 2: good
User 1: problem is i need time for 5th paper prep full ratta that is i'll study on your head i want jen time
User 2: it's fine then i'll wait till tuesday
User 1:  no i'll come for one hour take cuddles and run away hehe
User 2: if you come you're getting fucked
User 1: no you're celibate
User 2: no
User 1: oops ye
User 2: nooo
User 1: yes i'm not jk sorry babes
User 2: we shouldn't talk about this you will be home during first paper study
User 1: huh
User 2: atb
User 1: oh ok
User 2: horny
User 1: lol highly unlikely
User 2: fine then
User 1: i'm too stressed and sleepy exams
User 2: awww study ily
User 1: ilyt i'm pooping hehe i don't wanna be late good i have cycle travel time two mins
User 2: lol don't leave poop for so late how was it
User 1: aiyooo i'll poop when i get it na two mcqs not sure fourteen ish
User 2: wah sort only
User 1: yo bro acha what time discharge i think my second paper will just finish at that time so i'll come to the hospital itself
User 2: what time
User 1: 3.30
User 2: it'll take time for the paper work and all so you get ready aramse
User 1: i showered but i don't look pretty will it do ?
User 2: you always do you just come by five
User 1: ok hi jen what are you doing? discharge done ?
User 2: the doctors have to come for rounds after that three hours too much delay
User 1: jen i am feeling too sleepy i'll come later to see you i must sleep otherwise i'll did die
User 2: yes yes. come whenever you can. what time you slept last night?
User 1: ok two how much time ? three hours more ? i was fine till after first paper second paper prep was draining
User 2: no clue it's okay sleep all the best
User 1: thanks
User 2: you did right full prep?
User 1: 95
User 2: do well and don't panic discharged
User 1: ohoo okk
User 2: how was it
User 1: bomb maybe one or two mcqa hi jen i'll come now pls i can't sit to study now and suddenly i'm not sleepy lol and if i'm chilling i'd rather chill with you hehe aajao?
User 2: we are getting now ready bath and all
User 1: ready for ? acha okk so by ?
User 2: i'll tell you
User 1: haan i'll come sit only da i'll not trouble you lol
User 2:  okay come
User 1: no no i jk you guys relax
User 2: tell the guard abhi just hospital se aya he toh neeche he can't come to sign in he saw me tho the guard and the manager also
User 1: ok
User 2: when you coming
User 1: i'm here waiting for the lift
User 2: hehe okay
User 1: yo jen book for badla no tuesday after four ka show
User 2: mom is sad that she didn't get picture with you
User 1: i'll come tomorrow and then we can click nine am toh ?
User 2: no no trust me don't come
User 1: whyyyyy
User 2: bola bas
User 1: ok https:youtu.bedi6gi-iquhk mine is so fucking true see it you will laugh see mine at least in private bol na i'll not feel bad pakka
User 2: nothing duriya hai zaroori
User 1: tell
User 2: seriously i'll listen to this tom chilling with mom
User 1: ok
User 2: i'll talk tomorrow only i love you  gn
User 1: okk good night  i know it's not nothing so you must tell me tomorrow   hi jen how come you didn't tell me text
User 2: gmmmm
User 1:  you just woke up? do you miss your mommy
User 2: no no yes
User 1: aww what were you doing? what time should i come
User 2: you study now you deleted this message
User 1: tell
User 2: ill tell
User 1: i'm too fast jen why are you keeping secrets you don't like me?
User 2: pyar ka ppunchnama  too good it is
User 1: good one
User 2: aww priyanka will come around four i'll teach these guys
User 1: i'll come four 4-6 i'll do dinner with you and come
User 2: no no after i teach them
User 1: i'll also do eefm
User 2: 6-8
User 1: ok ok
User 2: you'll do masti
User 1: no no
User 2: you know everything
User 1: i'm getting my books
User 2: 6-8
User 1: i have a full sheet i must do
User 2: chill time true
User 1: if i sit here they're going to ask me questions
User 2: you did the 5th subject?
User 1: after eight is my question time
User 2: no
User 1: ya i did little not that bad
User 2: six ke baad kuch bhi time tak
User 1: can be handled
User 2: thank god ten gpa
User 1: lab it's because of lab that i will get not ten murder me
User 2: urghh everyone will be bad at it dw go get ready sleepy baby
User 1: no i want to talk to you lab is absolute yesterday i ate chips then i vomited the entire thing so will the chips count as calories? jen pls talk i have to tell you something i'm feeling bad
User 2: aiyo ely aiyo it's his choice man no dw
User 1: good one hehe i can eat whatever i want and remove from system then great one
User 2: why did you vomit
User 1: i was brushing i did tongue full vomit happened and then i removed the rest of it on purpose lol
User 2: aiyo you didn't dinner properly?
User 1: ate
User 2: you must not become anorexic
User 1: i'm not da i ate i ate too much so then i removed it lol
User 2: i'll feed you acchese aiyo
User 1: i want to eat ravioli
User 2: moderation
User 1: hehe
User 2: where batao
User 1: onesta chalte hai
User 2: chalo
User 1: you'll also feel good to get out of the house
User 2: aaj? trueeee
User 1: haan toh kab why did you tell me to not come today?
User 2: i swear to god there is no reason honestly why will i say no
User 1: aiyo then i should've come today na jennn
User 2: acchese y'all spoke yesterday also it's fine
User 1: did she like me ?
User 2: tbh there's no reason love
User 1: okay did she love me ?  i'm pretty happy that my waist and your sis ka waist match lols and chest really doesn't lolllls dikshita hot
User 2:  she basically called you hot you know
User 1: hehe it's okay i knew looks weren't going to be an issue
User 2: then why you diet i don't know acchese khao
User 1: cause my face is fat
User 2: skin ka color chalajayega otherwise
User 1: coorrecttt
User 2: cutie you got ready? lunch?
User 1: eating
User 2: we finished the movie so good man nom nom me with you tonight
User 1: one or 2?
User 2: one i had seen both in parts
User 1: ------
User 2: we'll see
User 1: ok i'm really bored dude pls we can go out today
User 2: yes we will
User 1: yaa
User 2: onesta
User 1: onestaaaaaaa also badla
User 2: jinx
User 1: on tuesday
User 2: yes
User 1: i don't wanna go drinking you jinx
User 2: lol motu
User 1: badla haan pakka i'll buy that aanandh hehe then we can chill at-home
User 2: we'll see addict
User 1: hardlyyy hardlyyy i can't wait to spend time with you  can i come now? i'll study only
User 2: aww cutie we both know that you won't lol
User 1: tell na
User 2: exam time man
User 1: i will
User 2: not allowed
User 1: pls
User 2: sureee sorry baby
User 1: i swear i'll study more with you than without
User 2: study then treat
User 1: noooooo
User 2: lies
User 1: i wannaaaa party
User 2: i love you
User 1: haha it's not i love you too party cuddles with jen jen 
User 2: duhhh
User 1: aajaoon?
User 2: no babu you need to study jaan
User 1: you have an orange top? or red for me? cotton pls i need urgent lol
User 2: i'm wearing it now
User 1: send pic
User 2: why
User 1: for that dress code lol
User 2: which man
User 1: .... sri lanka lol
User 2: red full sleeve you like mom took
User 1: ok no i don't like that orange oho
User 2: you come and see at night
User 1: i'm not liking online also anything life is tough https:www.amazon.ingpawdb01n6pwv9irefsspamwdetail2?ieutf8psc1
User 2: why the fuck not i'll order?
User 1: haha no baby i just wanted to show you
User 2: no
User 1: it's cheap though
User 2: let's order
User 1: order it off jinx
User 2: done
User 1:  i wanna play hehe
User 2: i'm sleeping honey study well gn ly
User 1: i love you too babes you're fine na ? like you're angry with me kya ? 
User 2: no baby just exhausted
User 1: you're not irritated toh
User 2: too much food nooo
User 1: acha i figured why that  - ka problem was happening in your straight line method it's cause you did revenue based cash flow that pw vs i graph is valid only for cost based flow
User 2: but it's fine right
User 1: yaa
User 2: toh chill
User 1: just the graph in revenue based will be increasing slope
User 2: the paper they tried to solve everything only half tight good knows what will happen tomorrow
User 1: aiyo that paper was too easy we did it in thirty mins and we solved two papers teach them tricks da
User 2: arre in the first paper the second question capitalised cost one what to do with the 15k four years
User 1: make it a part of your p should i solve and send ? ya it's right
User 2: recurring cost explain
User 1: which full recurring m
User 2: from this
User 1: https:fashionisers.com2014101480-classy-nail-art-designs-for-short-nails
User 2: gm baby
User 1: gmmm
User 2: do all this after sessional they ate nice but
User 1: yaaa
User 2: eefmmm done no
User 1: ya little worried about theory
User 2: there is nothing no wait outside nlh i'm in ab1 i'm outside only come we'll discuss
User 1: yayyyyy jennnn party i'm throwing i got friend suggestion jinkesh godani
User 2: lololll karlo add
User 1: he should add
User 2: hes way older than us so he wont
User 1: hehe okay but i shy should i do ?
User 2: aiyo just ignore the suggestion and study
User 1: chillax jen it's just an exam i feel you're more stressed than me also wanna belgian waffle tonight ?
User 2: exam toh you don't have only
User 1: you relax da don't simply do tension
User 2: no you study properly no excuses
User 1: arre my brain works fast for short periods of time i need my breaks chalo naaaa
User 2: nope i will not distract you yesterday you came naughtyly not today hows the prep
User 1: awesome
User 2: plus i'm planning to complete two subjects today. all material is ready beauttt no overconfidence
User 1: ohoo jennn period started oho kabse i was feeling heavy
User 2: lol good it wasn't during paper
User 1: haaan jen i'm not understanding one full part and no one in class knows lolss what to do ? no fifteen this time lol
User 2: aiyo it's fine now concentrate on what you do know so much tp you did yesterday you told me that you know everything is okay
User 1: i do da chillaxxxx babydoll i got this
User 2: get em boi
User 1: i'm a girl paglet
User 2: boiiii
User 1: kafee weird lol jennnn my back is hurting quite a lot ouchie
User 2: thanks i spoke to him he said minimum six months i said okay i'll work remotely then he said that your profile seems to be good so he will run it across the ml head and get back withina week
User 1: wowwee amazing dude that's crazy that's so much work experience great one georgia tech
User 2: you concentrate on eth also
User 1: yup boy if we get in together i'll come with you
User 2: we'll discuss badme but okay yayyy
User 1: heheh yayyyayyayay
User 2: eat chips
User 1: i did broken da broken broken broken
User 2: it's fine your back will will hurting stop
User 1: ya hopefully tonight study the direwolves arya found are going to fight on starks side in the battle of winterfell
User 2: great vidushi is so sadistic
User 1: lollllll chill da  love you babes don't worry too much come let's belgian waffle
User 2: i love you too
User 1: yayyyy ...
User 2: i already ate waffle lol
User 1: hawwwww
User 2: you reminded so i ordered
User 1: okay anyway i have to become thin somehow diet
User 2: omg again bapre
User 1: acha jen jen tomorrow badla
User 2: yes
User 1: 5.15 show bharath cinema ya? arre there's no earlier show also otherwise nicely we could've gone earlier
User 2: when
User 1: tomorrow three pm is there
User 2: oops can't
User 1: i highly doubt i can complete paper in thirty mins
User 2: loll
User 2: i also have two labs tomorrow
User 1: ohooo what time finish ?
User 2: 4:30 i guess
User 1: 5:15 is fine na then ?
User 2: yesss
User 1: haan good good
User 2: dik watch love death  robots on netflix
User 2: very short episodes its like animated black mirror one epi that wasnt animated had eric in it as the actor lol
User 1: why?
User 2: i loveddd it they are disconnected episodes so you can watch any random
User 1: okk did you do your two subjects for the day?
User 2: one done. i dont feel like doing the 2nd one. maybe after dinner ill prepare for tomorrows lab actually must balance
User 1: jen i'm vv underprepared i'm scared that i don't want to study then also oho what to do
User 2: bad attitude it's not even ten study till one take only one break love you
User 1: i studied little more than half of it in half an hour lol
User 2: you want to kesari?
User 1: love you too
User 2: so complete off
User 1: yess badla first pls plssss pls pls pls i really really want to watch badla and it's a thriller
User 2: okay
User 1: anyone else coming with us?
User 2: arav and kaustubh mostly harshit too all divya
User 1: i don't want
User 2: aiyo i'll call
User 1: okk your choice
User 2: tell man
User 1: i said anjali wanted to come but then she said no so then i deleted the messages i know divyas not going to come da i don't think she wanted to see the movie
User 2: it's fine i asked chill
User 1: missed video call  okay jen i sad cause i no see your face today at all full day i very sad i cry i'm almost done with portion tough though have to revise a lot 5am for dikshita ohoo after a long time i'm doing this 5am drama
User 2: it's good only
User 1: call me!!! what are you doing today?? how's your day going tell me something
User 2: watching iplll
User 1: still ?
User 2: then i slept oops hi gm
User 1: gm can't talk ttyl love you honey
User 2: i thought you would be sleeping study study atb
User 1: love you honey  i'm scared little i did but i'm scared ohooo this subject i'll do in advance for end semester full top to bottom it's too long to be done in a day plus end time of exam mood will also not be there  thirteen
User 2: good only lolll even im done with lab
User 1: good now second lab
User 2: didn't get to do second lab it was shut so i did resessional work my two papers after clashing
User 1: huh ? they can't schedule like that where are you ?
User 2: home it's fine they said write a letter
User 1: haan okk 5:15 movie ?
User 2: yes
User 1: when are your papers ?
User 2: wait i'm submitting
User 1: ok
User 2: six eight nine ten other two idk
User 1: okk one paper a day peaceeee aaram se you can study
User 2: yep
User 1: what about labs on these days ?
User 2: i'll reschedule eefm or ml it's fine manageable
User 1: no what if the exam time and lab clashes ? it's not happening like that toh ? eefm toh nahi reschedule hoga cause all branches
User 2: exams are in the evening
User 1: okk
User 2: then ml lol
User 1: good good
User 2: it's fine
User 1: ya when's eefm then ?
User 2: nine and ml also nine
User 1: six papers na baby you gave only four dates
User 2: so five here and oe don't know
User 1: six eight nine ten okk oe hi my beautiful baby
User 2: hello
User 1: kya you upto ?
User 2: chilling with bois
User 1: okay my paper was good how was theirs?
User 2: everyone's were good lol
User 1: good good i'm seeing delhi crime my total paper was 15.5 marks ka lol
User 2:  aiyo
User 1: did you leave ? i left
User 2: same
User 1: have to buy tickets na ?
User 2: yes
User 1: aajaoooo then call me i bought what's her name da?
User 2: no clue i tried to call designnn
User 1: haan wahi changing changing i didn't like it either
User 2: no put on it
User 1: this is really tough
User 2: hehe innovative how did arrowwwww wowww nice very nice
User 1: thank you hehe  how to do the right hand lol
User 2: how did you make out but
User 1: secret secret
User 2: new hookah place with alcohol
User 1: tell ?
User 2: hepta above remix
User 1: challllooo
User 2: tell how arrows
User 1: pen
User 2: wowww impressed please maintain
User 1: thanks hehe
User 2: and dw i'm not angry at you man idk what you think
User 1: aiyo i feel you are cause you blame me for what happened so i feel sad  but then i love you and i didn't do it on purpose like for your hand
User 2: yeah forget it now it's done and dusted
User 1: okk class finished going to meet a teacher got eleven in power electronics but class highest is 12.5 hostel sixty-five thousand, three hundred and ninety-five
User 2: huh qoops
User 1: haan my password
User 2: loll
User 1: twelve ho gaya thank god
User 2: lolll good only
User 1: i'm coming jen give me fifteen i came to cool down
User 2: okayy kolkata won
User 1: thanks do you like it ?
User 2: put clear paint i have to write a letter to hod and you have to help me write it tomorrow
User 1: okay
User 2: gn love
User 1: good night sweetie what's tomorrow ka plan let me know 
User 2: hello
User 1: hi babes kahan you are ?
User 2: i'm going to om xerox where are you
User 1: can you get a printout for me pls ? dkothari6@gmail.com needs to be printed okay i'll get after class i'll get it done then in class five hundred times i called d
User 2: i was outside hod office writing the letter
User 1: ok ok
User 2: babu i tried talking for your stay over no way we won't get fucked if you stay over and we still don't have apartment for next year so can't risk it you come home in the evening five till then i'll finish studying hehe
User 2: ikr
User 1: smuggle me in wanna dinner today? paneer tikka?
User 2: nooo we'll see you come at five
User 1: ok ok jen pls call that driver na mangalore wala tell him three pm 13th block pls pls pls love you baby
User 2: okay
User 1: things to do tomorrow for dikshita : all tomorrow cause today i'm too tired
User 2: good one
User 1: maybe placement portal i'll do it now at pp you should also do
User 2: you have to be connected to ion
User 1: 31st last day oho ok ok then i'll come here only and do are we doing naughty today?
User 2: why not driver booked and one signed you in so write your details in that row only
User 1: okay can i eat blue lays pls i'm so craving ok
User 2: sure are you fine baby
User 1: i left my earphones in your bag please bring tomorrow put it in your bag now it's near the sofa ya idk what happened
User 2: what happened
User 1: for linked in
User 2: loll
User 1: https:www.linkedin.comindikshita-kothari-7737a3183 https:www.facebook.comdikshita.kothari manmohan.kothari@gmail.com i can't complete unless photo is there preffered companies what to write ? this has all my passwords whatever you may need hows it going? whatever is there in the next page flat 10-a, rajhans building, six hastings park road, alipore, kolkata seven hundred thousand and twenty-seven room 245, block 13, mit hostels, manipal institute of technology, manipal five hundred and seventy-six thousand, one hundred and four hi jen i have filled everything only you need to upload the pic and select the preferred companies when i tell you do lunch with me tomorrow bring my earphones please i will die in the flights otherwise
User 2: okay to everything lol gm
User 1: lovely to whomsoever it may concern eefm fifteen i'm done with lab so whenever you're free aajao lunch khalenge get cash saikat.ganguly@siemens.com shounak.pal@siemens.com
User 2: even i'm done i'm going to talk to sir
User 1: just give me a call
User 2: naresh.mani@manipal.edu
User 1: my flight is mangalore bombay coimbatore chennai landing at one
User 2: aiyoooo so bad you'll have to switch flights?
User 1: yes
User 2: aiyooo at least have food at mumbai and did you reach
User 1: fkn indigo not even the nice airport yes
User 2: t1?
User 1: idk i'm so pissed this was supposed to be relaxing
User 2: soon soon
User 2: dikshita my next week time table of out mon lab test tuesday lab end sem wednesday lab reval thursday maths sessional friday cd project submission saturday onwards resessional
User 1: padhte jao padhte jao it's pretty bad though
User 2: now not possible too late
User 2: when is the next flight
User 1: 8:40 boarding 9:15 det
User 2: aiyoo mumbai right eat something
User 1: i'm pooping
User 2: lolll
User 1: hehe
User 2: mumbai mai hehr
User 1: haan
User 2: i miss you already
User 1: your city pe poop kiya i miss you too my kissie poo
User 2: natak poopoo
User 1: hehehehhe i found somei something  i know you will like hehe but i won't buy waste of money plus it's not from sri lanka so no thanks and it's surprisingly expensive
User 2: tell at least
User 1: wait da
User 2: i will buy in my head
User 1: wait
User 2: lol
User 1: yesss lol orrrr i can manage a cheaper alternative i do not spend money my parents should be so happy when i was shaving today i accidentally cut myself in four places and ekdum red blood came and it was the back of my knee so i couldn't see the blood running and it was all over my calf seeeee
User 2: dont cheap out dik hehe what is it tho tell i will spoil aiyooo
User 1: this this i sent
User 2: i sawww hehe nicee but books are fine eh
User 1: mad hehe it's a poster book
User 2: dont spend money on this lol
User 1: you should remove the posters and put i didn't
User 2: you tell me what you want to put, i'll put
User 1: okay i'll send pics
User 2: from sri lanka woohoooo
User 1: hehe how's it going jen ?
User 2: lonely
User 1: okayyy same empty mind is a devil's workshop devil baby jen sup babydoll
User 2: my hand feels weird i don't know if it is paining or placebo
User 1: aiyooo is it still paining hsh baba jen i cried yesterday cause of the flights while returning also same it is colombo chennai bombay mangalore
User 2: aiyo it's okay now nothing can be done don't run your trip independent house?
User 1: ya
User 2: wow lol i get excited to see big houses lol so from inside show
User 1: i'm in the car
User 2: left already wah it's okay did you meet vidushiii hehe she's nice
User 1: she is
User 2: are you excited
User 1: yaaaaa
User 2: then act like it i want all the pictures
User 1: ok general electric healthcare and schneider electric
User 2: okay fly safe
User 1: popoop hi babes whatsup we're a smaller group this time but cool there's a chota boy he has polio he's here samriddh multiple sclerosis i won't have internet sweetie my phone will be on flight mode throughout but i will text you when i get wifi
User 2: damn sad you text me asap
User 1: yayyyayayyayaya i'm at pizza hut in slanka
User 2: hello sorry i couldn't do your picture i'll upload it tomorrow o have to go back home now and give interview
User 1: okk
User 2: what is
User 1: quest
User 2: wah they speak only english?
User 1: yes tamil telegu
User 2: mom might be enjoying lol i filled mercedes and morgan stanley as pc
User 1: good one got siemens kolkata
User 2: wahhh nice what's the profile
User 1: automation and drives
User 2: good one many
User 1: remind me to tell you the following stories 1. the poem by the captain in mangalore - bombay 2. bhedia vs 100 3. the guy in the plane going i'll sue you young yana merry manasvi
User 2: what is wahh nice so much cheese wtff
User 1: memory game
User 2: cheater
User 1: heheheeh hi babes wassup kya hua jen ? all good kya baby aapne reply nahi kiya aaj mujhe ? poora din ho gaya hari om  talk to me baby
User 2: hello i'm sorry yesterday i was too tired so i slept before eight itself i woke up now i'll study lol sorry hi baby how was your day having fun na
User 1: yaaa
User 2: gm
User 1: gm sweetie
User 2: gm wow our mornings were different
User 1: what happened? i called you from vidus phone
User 2: hehe i got the call i was sleeping lol i studied from 2:30 till 7:30 then two hours tp then just woke up what plans for today how come she gets a phone
User 1: ohooo then cause i didn't want lols but i get internet as and when i want i missed you so much you know
User 2: through her phone? thank god me tooooo
User 1: i was like jenit hota toh kitna cute hota
User 2: aap ho na cute are the kids irritating
User 1: no young kida the only one who is there is obsessed with another boy loll so full time bhaiya this bhaiya that lol
User 2: how old is the other one
User 1: read this 11th standard
User 2: ripe hmmmm
User 1: hahah what happened sweetie how u
User 2: jello im in the library afterthis haircut hairwash oil massage shave eyebrow then i'll be s pretty as you
User 1: arrreeee waaaah abhi kyun ?
User 2: i'll be busy after this
User 1: okk hehe
User 2: climbing done?
User 1: yesss more to do
User 2: what else it's not written
User 1: see travelicious ka insta story missed video call okay jen you can call when you're free okay ? i miss you sweetie please text when free i love you  how is your hand now what happened about that discomfort?
User 2: cutie gone gone dw sorry i slept early so i can study for the test right now what's your poa
User 1: hari om pinnawalla elephant orphanage these are all yesterday ka good good
User 2: chutiya people didn't take the test they are like we postponed and informed you teacher my teacher didn't tell me you're the only white t-shirt lollll elephant kid lol ikkk
User 1: ohooo ya i wore oranhe skir na so then it's fine
User 2: no odd
User 1: no my mom told me not to buy
User 2: will you do elephant ride
User 1: and then i didn't care cause i'm awesome tidayyyy full day is elephants day
User 2: should have taken none. your dinner was too fluorescent noiceee see their poop
User 1: heheh dinnr ? i don't want yours da i'm on holiday lol
User 2: lol truly whoever o tell that to just can't believe it haha
User 1: arre why what's so difficult
User 2: it's random aree wowwww such beautiful pictures totally instagramable write caption, how was your morning
User 1: lol okay
User 2: very nice you're looking today been baby put in instaaaa i'm waiting how was your day honey
User 1: hehehehe toooooo good 
User 2: tell me everything
User 1: are you free ?
User 2: yes
User 1: okk so wake up six am
User 2: why
User 1: seven am breakfast eight am we left we went to the elephant park there we did elephant feeding elephant ride elephant bathing then the elephant bathed us lol
User 2: elephant in elephant lolll
User 1: heheh i've become very thin lols then lunch thennnnn we went to this ayurvedic medicine place where they told us about ayurvedic stuff migraine medicine this that
User 2: cool no
User 1: i was like waaah let's buy for jenit
User 2: haa
User 1: and then it was 15k so i was like it's fine
User 2: loll
User 1: i'll do normal massage
User 2: you got?
User 1: nooo i also didn't buy my sister bought for freckles i'll try and see
User 2: why no massage no need
User 1: we got a massage done
User 2: good
User 1: shoulders neck and hands ohoooo so needed dude
User 2: how was it exactly
User 1: yesterday was very hectic na
User 2: ha
User 1: my calves are hurting so much yesterday we climbed two thousand, three hundred steps so full pain but neck and shoulders only then after that we went for classical show
User 2: good relief
User 1: where one crazyyyyyy man walked on fire
User 2: aiyo
User 1: and was putting a fire ka big stick on his tongue
User 2: shi
User 1: and putting on his arm and all
User 2: that what poverty does to you dikshita i'm having so much adrenaline
User 1: lol enjoy it was too good though why
User 2: liyne arav and i were trying to flirt together with s stranger ages since i have done that on someone not you
User 1: lol okay enjoy
User 2: why are you not jealous da also lab exam got done didn't get the output again because i had the shittier language it tends to have small small internal errors everyone for the output b mostly in this lab
User 1: hari om arre man should i be ? lolll ohooooo gooood
User 2: i missed such a small party part i figured it out after coming home bt gave one interview now entertaining lol
User 1: how's it going jen hectic week na for you 
User 2: yes starting soon i'm chilling rn
User 1: okayyy
User 2: watching shameless lolll what you doing baby i miss you cutie pie
User 1: bus mein going to new hotel miss you too sweetie
User 2: is it better
User 1: it's all very different yesterday we did drinks hid from parents
User 2: naughty
User 1: it's okay if they ask i'll tell them apparently dad only asked vanshika di to ask both of us
User 2: she'll be like owners daughter is ruining everyone aiyo how old is she
User 1: twenty-four
User 2: wahh
User 1: hehe she's alka aunty ka daughter
User 2: what did you pick
User 1: tea leaves
User 2: how do you know what to pick it's all leaves
User 1: they taught us hehe
User 2: i'm at deeyee lol not drinking text in a bit
User 1: okk studied ?
User 2: not much i i'll go back and do too much shameless i'll finish it and get it over with such a nice natural smile
User 1: hehe drank ?
User 2: no lol kaustubh ka war stories are so calling lol
User 1: okk always same thing but different stories? wanna video call ?
User 2: nope otherwise we stop him this is his brother's close call with talibani pakistanis
User 1: haha okayyyy text when free let me know kaisa gaya
User 2: little more time i like how much anjali lines got she texted me she sent me the new promo see it baby sorry i couldn't talk bois night out why aren't you posting idk
User 1: i want the dslr pics and all love you cutie 
User 2: so post those later fatuu hellooo
User 1: it was a massage kitna tez baba no no no
User 2: omg why not and video call today? it's been too long without you lol
User 1: haan finally later though i'm gonna go into the ocean now to swimmmmm yayayayayayya
User 2: seaaa wah you're not caring about your hair lol good only have fun cardiooo
User 1: arre i showered now it's clean today is my bday celebration
User 2: haha nice picture don't drive it please you must not crash woohooo what time
User 1: rolls royce museum nowww heheh kya jen you said you're free
User 2: you free? dafuq you singing
User 1: bhajan lols ready for my party hehe
User 2: where is it
User 1: in our hotel sea facing property with balcony
User 2: you're not sending only pictures why is your dad in the side aww
User 1: lol mom bullies him that's why he sits in the corner
User 2: noice not allowed with me ha
User 1: hahaha okk
User 2: accept karlo
User 1: wanna talk ?
User 2: sure honey
User 1: yayyyy what are you doing ? i'm really tired bro these kids are chilling in my room lol i came to the other room tomorrow 4:30 wake up 5:30 whale watching arre are you free da talk na ?
User 2: yes studying lol maths it's bs only
User 1: now? missed video call utha loooo 
User 2: arre you should have told me there are people na mad girl
User 1: arre what to do
User 2: true
User 1: they were outside i'm too tired to get up
User 2: no alonee time possible aww
User 1: see it's possible
User 2: hehe how was the treat but tired i know
User 1: yes ya they went hari om
User 2: you also tried to say a scary story na dude sahil went to ma'am and told her everything about the project that i have to submit tomorrow so no viva for lol he did say i did thoda less work but ma'am is like yes he is struggling this sem so in short sort for meeee
User 1: yes heheheh i know a few good one 
User 2: how did it go but
User 1: they stopped my story cause it was spooking the kids
User 2: cutie pie the weather seems very hot
User 1: it's burning but it's beautiful same as vietnam that fish spa was there i couldn't do only natural place mein tanned i am
User 2: so. cooolll loll it's fine they don't give extra time to cripples also shish
User 1: acha i'm sleeping huh? for exam how was it ?
User 2: 10-11 eh kya kiyaaa noooo
User 1: good job whale watching so sea so motion sickness took avomine
User 2: awww did you see
User 1: that medicine knocked me out for the entire day ya six
User 2: which species
User 1: and some fifty dolphins
User 2: aiyo didn't enjoy?
User 1: orca i think too sleepy but enjoyed turtle hatchery
User 2: too cute also chotuuu jaaan
User 1: hehe
User 2: sojao sojao i love you
User 1: i love you too good night
User 2: hello gm one day to goo woohoo
User 1: hess hari om hari om
User 2:  i died laughing tbh i showed everyone i have never seen you so scared omggg beautiful cutieee i saw it already five times is this why you didn't go for fish spa or is this it
User 1: yes it is i hate it disgusting
User 2: noo you can't believe how much we laughed
User 1: no i can
User 2: addict i get to see you tomorrow hehe how was your day
User 1: bomb yesss
User 2: telll
User 1: chilled scrapbook checking in ttyl
User 2: so late aiyo
User 1: yaaa
User 2: go to room and text
User 1: checking in at the airport for flight waiting in line
User 2: oh you're there wtf what you going to reach
User 1: three pm pick up call
User 2: call call happy birthday baby
User 1: ok
User 2: aww you were expecting it
User 1: no jk
User 2: i love you baby awe
User 1: thanks !!!!!
User 2: birthday and travelling so much sucks dw i'll have good food ready for you
User 1: yes i know man i just want to sleep pls
User 2: anything you want
User 1: hehe i'm too tired for anything except a massage
User 2: what time you'll come
User 1: lol
User 2: you want to go for one or want me to give one where is you
User 1: lol nothing flight colombo chennai
User 2: good one fly safe
User 1: hi jen i forgot to book my cab i will come in airport taxi ok let me know what's the plan i will shower i think first then whatever unless you have to study how was your paper i bought something i think you'll like i hope lol nothing else to buy can't help
User 2: a w what time but baby
User 1: landed in mangalore
User 2: ooo nice but i'll study now when i'm leave from exam i'll come and pick you up
User 1: okk all the best cutes doped on avomin e
User 2: whyy
User 1: lol
User 2: i put a story hehe reply toh
User 1: i sawww sweet it is i reached the block i'm going to sleep i will wake up at three get ready by four then we can go shopping and all manicure hair and all massage this that pampering wanna do ?
User 2: whatever you want to do we'll do after 6:45
User 1: oh okay i wanna throw a mini party at your place when is your exam baby ? i bought something at duty free i think you will enjoy harhsit you me arav plus pizza is it possible ? after 6:45 ? i will do my shopping and all before that
User 2: 5:45-6:45 sure wait i'll ask these people actually
User 1: ok like i want to treat them also okay i'll tell you a secret you can't tell anyone how was it ?
User 2: call me
User 1: haan pls complete payment a take from my wallet 
User 2: okay hello did you sleep
User 1: no divya upach came to chill so
User 2: have fun hehe
User 1: they left
User 2: where's my teddy
User 1: me ? i'm pooping
User 2: khikhi sojana fast what time to wake you up at
User 1: pls don't pls don't wake me i'm going to go crash like i've taken mod def procrastinate(): what does this mean ?
User 2: why were you up are basically pass is not doing nothing
User 1: is it funny? tell na cause i'm not sleepy lol
User 2: depends on who sent it
User 1: i saw on the internet is it good for an instagram caption
User 2: but you're not cs  def procrastinate():
User 1: how it matters i'm cool
User 2: and smart arav is like tell me courses for python on coursera and i was so shocked lol
User 1: hehe is it cool if i put it on my python photo
User 2: yes
User 1: lol
User 2: smart girl
User 1: haha
User 2: didntn even think of it good one dik why cant you sleep
User 1: idk i have to sort my pics ohoo
User 2: why did you change your dp
User 1: i like this more elephant stuff i want to post pick three posts
User 2: this
User 1: arre anti climatic
User 2: and this baas
User 1: no no no three these three in one these two in one and this video
User 2: eh just picture
User 1: i bought some things one thousand, nine hundred bucks pls pay i'll give it
User 2: when is it coming
User 1: idk
User 2: whaat did you get
User 1: stuff lol merchandise one got ka tee three hp ka tees hehe nights watch ka butterbeer
User 2: why the partiality
User 1: hahah cause my size wasn't available i toh wanted to get two more got targaryen wala with one blue dragon and the north remembers wala size hi nahi hai i have to go to get my jeans exchanged
User 2: aiyo
User 1: i already have the same colour lol
User 2: evening go
User 1: haan i'll go
User 2: it's fine man
User 1: i'll take books for xerox also so all this work i'll finish 
User 2: studying? when
User 1: okay you study baby
User 2: yes yes
User 1: i'm studying at night
User 1: haan good night sweetie 
User 2: love you
User 1: love you too see anyway i'm not being able to sleep i might as well get up and study or do some work
User 2: kya kiyaaa
User 1: i went to levi's gave my jeans i didn't change the ones i bought yesterday they're very good jeans i'll throw the old ones or give them to someone whatever actually i'll keep these jeans new till i have to go for college they're my new college collection jeans hehe
User 2: too far
User 1: i'll keep missed video call i miss you jen ben call me when you're free baby
User 2: sorry i slept early too beautiful happy anniversary
User 1: it was yesterday baby awwwww cutie
User 2: no 8th sex
User 1: no 7th ya i know
User 2: ik
User 1: acha 8th kya haan probably
User 2: noob
User 1: poojary.sushanth@gmail.com pls send him your cv and an lor he will add you in the iit b ka incubator pls do this asap ask any other cse  cce student you want to also send their cv on this email id p is small not capital
User 2: great thanks what subject
User 1: also pls call emerald and sovereign now place is there it seems
User 2: okay dude my lab test was bad let's hope no assignment today where are you
User 1: class
User 2: come i'm at the new gate only
User 1: okay
User 2: how much time will you take
User 1: done
User 2: too good the paper i was
User 1: aap toh ho hi genius 
User 2: the writer was smart where started completed my codes and a fast writer so good one
User 1: hahahahaha good one
User 2: even she is shifting into emerald man fuck i called no flats in emerald dikshita you remember anushi? where are you baby
User 1: ya kind of go naaaa pls pp sucks room i have lab end sem tomorrow
User 2: trying
User 1: hehe
User 2: studied?
User 1: ya since five
User 2: love marriage got fixed today
User 1: non stop just took a break who's
User 2: anushi
User 1: ours? oh i see oops
User 2: lol
User 1: oh she seemed so grumpy wait how old is she ?
User 2: i asked wait baby
User 1: hehe
User 2: lol she's toh twenty-two and wedding next year
User 1: fuck that's very soon love to whom?
User 2: like many years ago when we went to europe na so she had come with us and those guys were also on the tour so they meet there
User 1: ohhhhhhh that one
User 2: apna bhi good story
User 1: haan acha hai bas ho jae
User 2: haina
User 1: haan
User 2: can't wait for honeymoon lol
User 1: can't wait for after that
User 2: aww me too
User 1: or that tbh
User 2: beautiful vacation hehe
User 1: ya i like vacations
User 2: i sleep baby i love you gnn
User 1: eh so fast study something
User 2: early morning
User 1: ok ok
User 1: poorvi had come to study today made a mistake helping her i simply did stuff i already knew no way i can go to class tomorrow and now i'm sleepy af pch stupid me i'll get up at eight and study challo gn 
User 2: padlena i'll wake you up
User 1: awwwww ok
User 2: good gm
User 1: gm i'm scared dude i'm very very very very very scared
User 2: so much you studied
User 1: i haven't been so underprepared in a very long time there are ten tutorials 2.5 are left oh doesn't sound that bad but i left the toughest for the last
User 2: aiyo it's okay you have full morning
User 1: ya two pm paper
User 2: relax you got this
User 1: something is very wrong with my mouth and my tummy
User 2: aiyo tummy what happened mouth apply the gel
User 1: poop is happening a lot
User 2: lollll hostel food
User 1: ten nine eight seven five six
User 2: what's this
User 1: i gave up for lab lollll
User 2: no more than one hour left do
User 1: i'm pooping and i'm tired and that's a lot of codes which i don't understand
User 2: did you eat
User 1: no
User 2: at least eat then rest
User 1: yes going to go shower
User 2: it will go well only
User 1: and after that food haan i know
User 2: you deleted this message hehe cute ilu do well
User 1: i love you too baby when are we having sex? can i come today? pun intended
User 2: hahaha lol ai ml next not possible
User 1: ohoo padho
User 2: friday night littt
User 1: yessss
User 2: how was your labbb
User 1: on point my paper is starting to ending absolutely perfect except one chotu think thing  a toh pakka a also possible
User 2: arre meri jaan good one where are you
User 1: there's a lot of food outside 13th block wanna go enjoy ?
User 2: why some fest? vishwa was talking about it there are cinnamon buns let's go
User 1: i'm in the clock block
User 2: when did you go i was outside nlh only
User 1: lol i came on cycel come here i'll get my wallet
User 2: motu
User 1: i don't think they've started though
User 2: i'll come five it starts
User 1: oh okk
User 2: what all is good mcqs were very theoretical numericals fine only i think started prep for tomorrow lab?
User 1: not right?? send paper
User 2: don't know what all did you eat
User 1: nothing chips i miss you
User 2: aww it's okay soon busy what to do :
User 1: no i miss you 
User 2: i love you baby dw
User 1: no but i miss i need thirty-five hours per week lol
User 2: hehe
User 1: and last week ka pending
User 2: you're my dream job
User 1: hehe what's the pay
User 2: love
User 1:  what's this bs mcqs
User 2: exactly wasn't sure only
User 1: very bad mcqs subjective is right?
User 2: dude that first year have bt she backed out but she found someone else dude my elective otp went to saurak
User 1: what ?
User 2: you have to put on your otp for submitting electives na
User 1: oho it didn't ask me dude
User 2: then you have just saved it check again
User 1: haan send me your registration no and password after saving i'll do it
User 2: no i'm along divya asking
User 1: arre why i'll do it
User 2: you need not talk to him
User 1: no no you don't need the phone thing
User 2: then
User 1: it'll show on your slcm page arre just send it
User 2: no wait done lol
User 1: ok
User 2: okay ill study now babt
User 1: okayy
User 2: hello i kept falling asleep during studying
User 1: hi baby
User 2: too tired
User 1: aiyooo why so sleepy?
User 2: woke up at 5:30 na i've been waking up early everyday tomorrow also
User 1: ohooo
User 2: how's your prep going
User 1: i didn't study :(
User 2: mad girl it's in the morning da what were you doing
User 1: haan i didn't feel like but i kind of know the things it's just a revision needed
User 2: do properly
User 1: i'll complete by one haan wake up and write
User 2: okay okay good i'm sleeping goodnight love
User 1: good night cutie pooti i miss you
User 2: i'm here only dw
User 1:  oho let's do this on friday and sunday when we're meeting
User 2: why not gm baby
User 1: gm pls wake me at eight no one is telling what time the lab is nine not eight gn lovely boy pls meet me today five minutes
User 2: arre what time is lab get up now sure
User 1: 10:30
User 2: get up
User 1: haan i'm awake i woke up studied and went back to sleep now i'm fully awake i'll get ready and go for lab
User 2: good girl beautiful vidit is here lol he's leaving tomorrow thank god
User 1: oh thank god
User 2: hello
User 1: hi bebe
User 2: ready?
User 1: ya
User 2: good girl please have food before
User 1: no time
User 2: take chips please
User 1: dekhenge gtg for class left all my books in the room like a dumbo
User 2: how was lab
User 1: very nice killed it
User 2: brilliant go now i'll meet you in the break
User 1: is baar mera ten ok
User 2: good one baby girl wru
User 1: room
User 2: i'm so tired baby
User 1: ya i know
User 2: it's fine i'll push and get done with this
User 1: yaa do do
User 2: hello
User 1: hi
User 2: eh paper let's see how much i get
User 1: haan?
User 2: not t aireo sure
User 1: writer?
User 2: damn slow and she's a kid dudr she kept giggling whenever i said some word she didn't understand
User 1: that's irritating
User 2: ikr nothing can be done now i'll eat dinner watch some got and sleep early can't study today for surgery
User 1: sure  okay tomorrow ml the subject you don't like
User 2: i like but can't dictate
User 1: ohoo
User 2: first image of black hole released see it
User 1: sawww
User 2: still awake
User 1: yes you played?
User 2: yaaa wah good one rheostat
User 1: that's a potentiometer sweetie my nose is gone it's running and my left eye is watering a lot all the best for your paper 
User 2: aiyo keep cooling your eye with water
User 1: okay
User 2: bomb assignment she gave me theory question and i was like gaya then she's like do you want to draw i'll like yes so she changed lll
User 1: assignment (
User 2: yess everyone is like they got ten states i got nine i was like rip but then i checked online
User 1: ohoooo
User 2: so woohoo
User 1: okay so you're right na?
User 2: supp yes
User 1: good one
User 2: sip
User 1: i'm in the library gsh second room come meet when you can we will show you progress
User 2: not possible you send video
User 1: okay
User 2: hello it was an eh paper but at least it is over
User 1: you wanna see the things it's vv cool kind of hehe
User 2: show sab
User 1: haaan it's pretty cool
User 2: send are you still in the library
User 1: yes
User 2: where is heart rate
User 1: motor speed
User 2: damn cool man oh too much coding
User 1: ya i should get cse ka certificate
User 2: dik
User 1: kya hua
User 2: i'm too scared for tomorrow's lab end sem
User 1: aiyo why
User 2: very bad it is it is a hard lab
User 1: it's in the morning na study study
User 2: i'm tired ya
User 1: ohoooo get up and study
User 2: yes i have to
User 1: you'll be fine i know
User 2: but too scared
User 1: just study everything once and go should be enough see this also when free
User 2: i'll do i'll do i saw good one
User 1: hehe
User 2: i'll eat dinner and sleep ya
User 1: haan good plan
User 2: chalo gn 
User 1: good night sweetie text before you sleep
User 2: yesss
User 1: https:photos.app.goo.glwca9phfqnrhvut157
User 2: i tried to study im fucked im sleeping too much bt
User 1: sleep off tomorrow fresh wake up and try
User 2: ya chal gn baby
User 1: gn sweetie
User 2: bro  only one tiny thing was not included because i didn't see the paper full lol but barely any marks 3540 for sure
User 1: arre wah my genius boy who does this read the paper fully first fifteen mins na missed video call
User 2: baby what's the poa
User 1: i'm here party tomorrow 7:30 pm @pragati pride 405. i will be serving alcohol and food but more alcohol than food so have a hearty lunch. hehe pls forward to harshit and arav and whoever else you wanna call ask someone to do the music please idk anything about that lol
User 2: your party you call sure
User 1: anjali said call more boys
User 2: why man
User 1:  https:youtu.bejqfniarzp3a missed video call only true "game of thrones" fans will remember how all of these characters died https:www.buzzfeed.comjennyhqi-bet-you-canat-guess-these-devastating-got-char-c9xeobv3tm?utmterm.rr9wrnnmea.rr9wrnnmea chilling with peeps?
User 2: and coding simultaneously
User 1: okk hi jenny
User 2: hi honey
User 1: house ready? i'll come in forty-five mins to 1hr okay ?
User 2: okay where are you
User 1: leaving
User 2: wru
User 1: block
User 2: hi cutie oh very cute
User 1: retainers i beg i'm not wearing i'll need over the night
User 2: where are they
User 1: i forgot
User 2: here?
User 1: as fari know cupboard in block send pics and videos rn helle you awake
User 2: yes baby hi
User 1: i love you sweetie you're awesome
User 2: you're better
User 1: king of hi jen i thought you were asking me if i was better as in feeling better lol what's the poa can we chill today  jen what's up is there pizza left jen if you need help with cleaning tell me pls
User 2: ill text yes baby you eat when you come i broomed so its decent now lol
User 1: these guys want to eat
User 2: only one left lol
User 1: oh okay then that lol save it please should i do ? no one vomited na ?
User 2: no baby y8es
User 1: what time ka you'll text ?
User 2: kaustubh did lol
User 1: hahahah okay harshit ?
User 2: what no lol
User 1: like i have to come to pp anyway cause i need to take my notes from sarthak so let me know when ? four i'll come ?
User 2: nono later i just started working
User 1: oh acha okay let me know like that i won't disturb you when you're studying i'll also come to study only
User 2: no need
User 1: lol okay jen pls get the pill today pls don't forget it was a safe day though still we need to take
User 2: yes
User 1: hi jen what time should i come? what are you doing jen baby?
User 2: hello i just woke up
User 1: auto you slept ? i also slept hehe come na jen i'm waiting how much time ? missed video call hi jen slept ?
User 2: hi ria is sleeping mostly she will join us
User 1: okkk too excited
User 2: ikr chal baby i'm sleeping
User 1: okay i thought you were gonna text anjali hi jen are you awake
User 2: hi baby gn gm
User 1: gm challo okay
User 2: too excited to sleep
User 1: huh you didn't sleep? full night?
User 2: no i did. but woke up before the alarm
User 1: lol ok go down and sign us in please
User 2: okay
User 1: jaime and bran
User 2: i'm in ortho four only baby why were you so sad
User 1: you scold me i was trying to cheer you up cause celebrate i sad i don't want to talk about it plus i wasn't feeling good
User 2: but you know i have work so i'll get stressed if i procrastinate you know otherwise i would have chilled with you
User 1: ya so thirty mins here and there doesn't matter
User 2: yes but i told sahil 6pm because i didn't know physio would take so long sorry for scolding i should have explained properly
User 1: it's finnnneeeeeeeee
User 2: i love you
User 1: everyone is just stressed i love you too
User 2: hehe what you do
User 1: dinner
User 2: why so late
User 1: no i was eating till then lol
User 2: with?
User 1: food court today
User 2: how come
User 1: some festival so mess was closed anjali divya sriya do do
User 2: bad connection yes i'll call in a bit
User 1: yaaa
User 2: love you pop
User 1: love you sweetie jinx calling me ?
User 2: why isn't it ringing
User 1: oh missed call i'll call you in two mins sweetheart
User 2: okk
User 1: missed video call coming in ten pls come down to sign me i'm in
User 2: okay
User 1: in any case i came in lol the good guard is there don't come down wow i'm sweating a lottt
User 2: good exercise
User 1: tell me when you're going to play pubg
User 2: lol we are already playing four people. you study then before sleeping we'll play
User 1: :( punched in and signed out lols but they'll know
User 2: aiyo where are you
User 1: room pubg?
User 2: more time
User 1: ok 
User 2: hiii how is you honey i did till replacement
User 1: hey tootsie
User 2: how much did you do
User 1: completed the new parts except fm
User 2: what about the other financial thing
User 1: whatt
User 2: financial analysis
User 1: that's in fm i don't have the material acha i'm sleeping
User 2: i'll send you?
User 1: haan send full fm things
User 2: okay honey you sleep
User 1: i feel so poopy
User 2: what time to wake you up at
User 1: 9:30
User 2: realistically say
User 1: i'm poopy idc when to wake my poop must first come outtt
User 2:  poop now then
User 1: 9:30 only darling i already pooped i don't think all the poop happened
User 2:  sojao love you
User 1: love you too sweetie
User 2: hi gm baby you know control systems na final value theorem and all
User 1: yeah if i see notes i'll know
User 2: arav needs help in thag come one dah
User 1: kya ?
User 2: nothing hiii i'm getting my hall ticket aaj
User 1: oh i'm in the academic block abhi aajao have to talk to the teacher about my 15 what nonsense i mean i know it wasn't completely correct but still 35 maybe ? my internals came down from forty-three to forty pch
User 2: exactly acho go talk
User 1: haan
User 2: do you have to get your tickets toda
User 1: ya two pm i'll be waiting here only i think i'll talk to the teachers then go to the lab where do you have to go
User 2: ab5
User 1: when you come call me funny seen them all what time will you get here by i'm waiting i'm bored lol
User 2: where are you
User 1: ab1
User 2: i'll have a quick shower and leave you go have dabeli
User 1: nah it's too hot it's fine when you come here and are in front of thirteen call me i'll come
User 2: i'll go directly na baby
User 1: acha okay then leave i can't wait more i've been waiting for this teacher for an hour and a half so annoying why can't she just come to the room uffo
User 2: arre im damn sweaty i must bathe call her
User 1: haan haan i'm not telling you
User 2: oh accha aww it's okay i'll ask arav when he wants you to teach him and if you're free you can come over
User 1: she's not going to change it huh no i'm not coming
User 2: okayy 
User 1: so irritating dude i lost my id card so i'm showing them slcm she won't let me take the admit card only she's like wait another thirty mins uff jen i feel so bad you know what happened how we had to do the assignment in groups right and shrestha and pranjal became one group and i was paired with that dhruv sangwan i didn't have my laptop cause it's not working he didn't bring his and he wouldn't even arrange it so i had to do everything manually and i did try to do it okay and like every step i was asking shrestha if what i had written was right or not just that and she said haan ekdum sahi hai and both of them got five and i'm stuck with one so they just lied and i feel so bad and ekdum initially only i thought system was 3rd order but it was second order okay and i asked them if my matrix was right and they said ya but it wasn't obviously
User 2: everyone got the same question?
User 1: ya i hate it dude first of all she had to go and pair me with that dhruv he didn't know shit
User 2: you told
User 1: i didn't know anything cause i was on leave and she knew that and just no one is helping and i'm so pissed
User 2: it's fine da it's just one assignment fuck iy
User 1: ya i mean it's fine wanna play pubg ?
User 2: update it
User 1: why
User 2: you deleted this message you won't be able to play with me
User 1: ohkkayy updating why didn't you call me
User 2: aao coming?
User 1: yaa
User 2: you were in game
User 1: yaa i know
User 2: you didn't update we can't play with you
User 1: fine
User 2: update i told you
User 1: i can't update it
User 2: whyyy
User 1: i'll try still playing?
User 2: come
User 1: it'll take more five mins
User 2: come
User 1: okk
User 2: bassss gg
User 1: hahah okayy missed video call yo jen sup
User 2: hi dik
User 1: sniper training?
User 2: pagal these guys will also llay in a bit
User 1: ok ok game?
User 2: rukooooo you study i'll text
User 1: lol okayyy when will you text me i'm bored hehe
User 2: aww
User 1: no lol jk study
User 2: aisa nahi kabhi padlo
User 1: but then what will be your distraction if you're studying all the time wanna watch kalank ?
User 2: dw insta and fb are also there
User 1: ok ok
User 2: noooo hahaha
User 1: ok wanna play pubg
User 2: come pubg in five
User 1: ok i wait for you for five minute come fast let's play
User 2: wait
User 1: okkk nvm don't hear lolll it's too funny
User 2: aiyo 12s i missed it
User 1: lol what?
User 2: twelve sec recording
User 1: lol i made a poem in the spot now i forgot on ok i remember i'll say again?
User 2: pubg aao pehle https:www.facebook.com627439717359724posts1979349388835410
User 1: awwwww jen you're so cute i love you sweetie ohk lol
User 2: hehe sleeping?
User 1: friends
User 2: do this
User 1: i'm thinking about it
User 2: good girl
User 1: heheh which friends character do you relate to ?
User 2: everyone sorry baby late reply i actually woke up late and was supposed to go to the library to study maths with jappr and sannidhi but then library was shut so they came to pp still studying only
User 1: i just woke up
User 2: bapre hi they were too slow man but it's fine pubg aao
User 1: okkk
User 2: leave your team accha you play
User 1: okk
User 2: come next game
User 1: okiiii : we won i'm spectating your match lol
User 2: i died. we also won the last one hehe
User 1: i saw lol
User 2: come
User 1: no more?
User 2: basss
User 1: ok ok
User 2: you play
User 1: hello what
User 2: where you going
User 1: are you saying ? chips hehe
User 2: nothing nothing aiyo study after that don't netflix
User 1: subject change na now chips  netflix is my thing have to make card for divya monday is her bday lol
User 2: ooo i'll remember baby depreciation is the last thing nothing else is there except that
User 1: then fm full is there sweetie
User 2: oh it might be self study eh it's fine
User 1: yaa it is wanna pubg ?
User 2: almost done with the subject i'll text
User 1: sameeeee come na
User 2: no aaja jaan
User 1: puchi
User 2: coochir
User 1: hehe
User 2: come play
User 1: ok ho gaya bas lol later call me
User 2: sure honey
User 1: wanna play ?
User 2: na
User 1: send amazon prime video account
User 2: jenitjain10@gmail.com jenitjain100
User 1: ok thanks brooklyn ninety-nine bitch
User 2: that's on netflix
User 1: new one
User 2: it's there on amazon?
User 1: yes
User 2: no it's not
User 1: hey jen what you upto?
User 2: very hot indeee
User 1: you know how people have fomo i don't have fomo at all that's what causes all the problems in my social life i think lol
User 2: negative negative isn't positive in life baby https:docs.google.comformsde1faipqlsf95frpsmqohgasxl11dypcycqs2dtjl4ndm5d1l8ruyukalwviewform
User 1: v nice theobroma over?
User 2: of course not baby i'll get for you
User 1: yayyy
User 2: i'll come to campus in a while meet me tab
User 1: oh ok let me know when
User 2: you go have a bath
User 1: ya poop hehe hey jen i'm ready come whenever give me a call i'll come down
User 2: 45.5 in eefm
User 1: that's forty-six only
User 2: let the competition begin
User 1: haha k jen
User 2: started studying?
User 1: lol maybe i was playing pubg
User 2: lol even i wasted time
User 1: call me i'll help you waste ti.e ?!!! https:indiahikes.comvalley-of-flowers russia cancel for me i'm going for a trek hehe see if you wanna come
User 2: i'll check didn't you boo book
User 1: ya someone s someone else is going in my place trip is too full lol @jen pls check for endgame tickets when you are booking book for anjali also
User 2: what about your ticket but
User 1: cancel
User 2: did you see the prerequisites lolllll don't know where the money for the ticket is going to come from
User 1: okay let me know whatever the scene is
User 2: yes honey
User 1: lols
User 2: let's pray to god someone pays me back
User 1: yes pls it doesn't matter it's an easy trek
User 2: let's go in snow
User 1: snow only in december and no snow trekking is hard enough without oxygen and you'll toh freeze only
User 2: jeez fine then
User 1: all snow treks become too tough pls decide fast what you wanna do and let me know
User 2: i can't decide fast and i'm definitely not researching all different trips before end sems we'll decide after that
User 1: okay
User 2: don't do tp babu
User 1: whyyy i'm done with aajka padhai lols i'm starting eefm tomorrow
User 2: huh when. what about the bad subject
User 1: i can't take a change ya i have three days for the bullshit i don't like the subject anyway
User 2: what we're you saying
User 1: i was saying you tell him i have to study karke can't come sorry missed video call after why you didn't call me i was playing akele akele
User 2: noo
User 1: i thought you went to party
User 2: four bois
User 1: what happened
User 2: lollll didn't can't waste time
User 1: poor jeet dude
User 2: i died so i'll study simultaneously
User 1: on the brighter side
User 2: like you dude he's still fine ish
User 1: two days to got
User 2: it's his roommate shiii very annoying and stupid
User 1: ...
User 2: it's fine we'll go at twelve
User 1: studying over ?
User 2: si papito
User 1: can you ?
User 2: nooppeee what do you mean
User 1: then how come you're partying study quietly twelve is late tomorrow is his bday kya jen come
User 2: i'm at home only
User 1: we'll play sniper training
User 2: yes come
User 1: jen what are you doing
User 2: tp  studying hiii
User 1: what tp
User 2: pubg food hehe
User 1: pubg me too
User 2: dinner now you play with boys they'll start in a bit
User 1: okay tell them
User 2: yes yes
User 1: missed video call
User 2: there's hookah lol
User 1: okay i want to do pls
User 2: i'm doing lolll
User 1: ohooo can we go please which is your lightest subject ?
User 2: eefm lol
User 1: arre challo kal
User 2: kaustubh sent money vidit will also give so sunday food
User 1: oh thank god ohkayyyy yayyyyayayay
User 2: how's it goingg
User 1: people are giving me some spoiler
User 2: endgame?
User 1: do you want to see a really funny video game of thrones!!!!!! no i think it's just a theory no one can tell what's going to happen
User 2: exactly don't tell me
User 1: ok ok https:images.app.goo.glwea5s7gjsyufnd8r9
User 2: hello awww
User 1: hi
User 2: two brownies left but twenty-four magoes
User 1: can i get one mango on monday pls oh god im done with my phone its too sloe lags more than my pubg don't tell anyone you have the video of divya
User 2: which
User 1: . delete it off
User 2:  too good yeah delete she's hooked up?
User 1: nah hi jenny baby wassup
User 2: hello i saw full spoiler
User 1: don't tell me baba
User 2: too good and like your hate for captain america will go
User 1: how will you see oh endgame spoiler ish okay
User 2: do you want to knowwww
User 1: nahh
User 2: it's too good dik. you will love the movie.
User 1: okay idm liking movies lol
User 2: see the clip then
User 1: nope i won't
User 2: my head is aching ya
User 1: call me home i'll press it
User 2: and then sleep and then got noooo mado i'll have food and bath then study pubg?
User 1: gng for lunch
User 2: okayyy good
User 1: how about in half an hour pls play with me wait for half an hour i'm starting eefm today btw
User 2: you come and text
User 1: competition is crazy too many people in 45
User 2: all of us will do together at pp on monday! ?
User 1: how many a s can they give ya but that'll be my second revision
User 2: exactly cool cool baby i'm going to sleep study at pp
User 1: what? say properly
User 2: come home and do whatever
User 1: yayyyyayayayayayyyyy yipppeeeee ily jen i'm getting eefm though i hope that is alright
User 2: yes
User 1: i'm pooping now then i'll take a shower so just go and sign me in so that he doesn't do drama
User 2: come fasttttt
User 1: yeah
User 2: left?
User 1: haan my watch is with you on your desk i'll collect on monday
User 2: sure honeu
User 1: are you awake ratio analysis is a lot sweetie i suggest you do a little tomorrow and the rest day after i'll help you took divya and i three hours
User 2: i'll call you tomorrow come pubg
User 1: okk
User 2: dude
User 1: kya hua baby kya hua
User 2: arav hooked up
User 1: oh my godd with who
User 2: a jain girl 
User 1: hahahahaha good one very good one lol how is he celebrating?? tell him to give treat
User 2: aiyo
User 1: i want free pizza lol no jk
User 2: it's his 5th girl too
User 1: huhhhhh i thought you said he hasn't been with anyone so i was so happy 5th is boring
User 2: you are 5th hahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahha
User 1: ya but am i a hookup no is his a hookup yeah potato tomato jen you should do ratio analysis it's not easy
User 2: to know which value to include and which not to?
User 1: yes and there are twenty-five formulas and no derivations so it's mugging up all of it
User 2: allah
User 1: haan start kardo
User 2: i texted jheal to explain me she got ninety-nine in accounts
User 1: ya so whatever you should start on time monday is too late for that bs
User 2: okay i'll think
User 1: yas i just saw the episode in which phoebe has the babies and then gives them up
User 2: awww sad one baby jheal explained full fm hehe
User 1: understood ?
User 2: ish
User 1: haan try the sums if you get answers then we can compare the answers
User 2: there are unsolved?
User 1: try to do the questions without seeing the pdf with the formula ya
User 2: lol
User 1: and there are some formula we need to use that's not given in the pdf equity ratio see these three on the net before you start
User 2: fuck it i'm not spending so much time on this i'll do little at night
User 1: your choice this is why i said don't leave it for later
User 2: rn i'll just send the pdf to jheal so she'll tell what to include when
User 1: usmein kuch samajhne ka nahi hai lol all the best
User 2: fine be rude aisa nahi padha do kal
User 1: i'm trying to tell you ki it's not something you can understand and it's a lot of learning i'll teach i have no problem but you will ultimately have to know the formula jheal ko poochne se hoga nahi kyunki tumko nahi samajh aaega
User 2: haa you teach it's okay
User 1: ok
User 2: dude she remembered all the formulae and she taught me how to see those tables
User 1: tables mein nahi hai sums ka pdf also send it to her
User 2: send me that pdf
User 1: jen endgame tickets are out
User 2: no money to get tickets rn baby
User 1: okay then when you are buying tell we'll go later only kya then
User 2: i want to go on twenty-seven because thays the perfect date
User 1: okk
User 2: dikshita we might move to shambhavi
User 1: good one go for it https:drive.wps.comdafvg5laj6kidgidakbtrdg
User 2: i'll do all the solved examples is a good start no
User 1: yeah jen how to watch endgame 300 it is
User 2: ik
User 1: ok
User 2: i'll ask vidit for money might get please god pliss
User 1: .
User 2: comeee
User 1: yay aajao it's going to be eight pm
User 2: 8:20
User 1: haan so you leave now you'll reach on time then lol
User 2: no need rude pubg?
User 1: campus
User 2: top twenty is going o on wait plis
User 1: i knew it i'm finishing dinner jen you better not make me wait
User 2: ten
User 1: ten wat minutes or people
User 2: mins
User 1: https:ok.ruvideo1361647110869
User 2: na tomorrow
User 1: jen i saw it
User 2: full?
User 1: no first second lol daenerys said when i was a child
User 2: yess then i stopped
User 1: ya 
User 2: you?
User 1: same even i stopped
User 2: good tomorrow only we'll see
User 1: all are not there in this
User 2: yes only for the ones that need extra info
User 1: okkk thanks !
User 2: i love you dude arav might score today as well two out of two
User 1:  i love you too idc lol no jk good one @him
User 2: so rude
User 1: who is actually rude me or you guess who you forgot to wish
User 2: i wishedddd
User 1: oh ok good one this is my insta postv nice na ?
User 2: how did she like your gift hehe story na?
User 1: we ate it post da no story and all
User 2: it's good only
User 1: we gave her a few handdrawn things see on sriyas insta story
User 2: saw
User 1: yay see upach ka insta story you'll love it see ittt
User 2: what were you saying in the video
User 1: i'm waiting for a friend jenit are you awake utho utho bhai https:drive.wps.comdamcyw9wj6kidgydakbtrdg
User 2: no i think you don't take eleven as r in this you'll take bt at t 10 as the salvage
User 1: don't ask me this one i've been trying to find for three days haan so do na direct nahi hai kya ?
User 2: you deleted this message you deleted this message it will be 1 effective per month so all calculationsnwill have one
User 1: what ? no there's a formula
User 2: (1rm)n -1 na?
User 1: not that dbm rate of dbm
User 2: yes this sum 1
User 1: haan this one take n 30
User 2: yes
User 1: send the solution jheal sent how are we supposed to know this aiyo
User 2: fucked but there are no 6markers confirmed
User 1: acha ok how confirmed
User 2: some teacher said
User 1: if someone gives off 55 what will you say lol
User 2: rip you did?
User 1: ya kind of clearer now still pretty confused though
User 2: fuck it
User 1: tomorrow morning do 8:50 can you call me
User 2: yesss
User 1: for wake up
User 2: okayyy sleep now
User 1: doing theory listening to kalank period didn't come
User 2: what theory bhai ipill na
User 1: you and your ipill ya
User 1: ratios economic stuff
User 2: accua shish ya
User 1: i love you jen i miss you what are you doing?
User 2: hi nothing just packed up about to sleep
User 1: good good
User 2: are you still feeling pukish
User 1: i'm very very unwell feeling my head is dizzy
User 2: asho sleep jaan
User 1: i'll vomit but there's nothing in my tummy fever toh ho gaya tired cranky irritated body hurts i just want to be cuddled
User 2: aww
User 1: without any pressure of exam
User 2: they'll get over soon enough dw
User 1: i'm more worried about next paper lol ya ik last paper is bleh anyway only four to go
User 2: exactly so relax accha i'm sleeping gn baby
User 1: babes ilyy i'm not feeling well gm
User 2: aiyo what is happening
User 1: too tired headache etc etc i'll just push through it
User 2: baby just have a medicine and sleep. you know everything wake up at one and have food and revise ratios and come
User 1: i slept only it was so difficult to get up
User 2: eat something baby
User 2: https:www.buzzfeed.comamphtmlehisosifo1jon-snow-daenerys-aegon-targaryen-tweets-jokes
User 1: okay jen wassup started?
User 2: lol no
User 1: ya same made list of topics?
User 2: what i will study today?
User 1: what you have to study before exam
User 2: everythinggggg
User 1: ya lol
User 2: but like there's not much theory i'm glad
User 1: good i'm too bored to start i need to sleep lol
User 2: i'm just bored i want to watch got again i might lol
User 1: can i come??
User 2: i'll study today no need no directly saturday sad
User 1: okkk tell your shambhavi ka scene missed video call
User 2: we are getting an apartment there but aren't taking it
User 1: why arre jen take it please it's last semester i want to stay over i'm damn sad about this i don't want to be sad how's your dad?
User 2: we'll shift to five hundred and fourteen i guess better view sunset and lake
User 1: arre man
User 2: i know
User 1: it's still pp
User 2: ik 
User 1: what's the problem why not shifting?
User 2: they are saying vidit and ria are here so might as well stay her and it will save moving effort
User 1: arreeee isn't vidit done studying
User 2: his last year too
User 1: fine jen
User 2: idk what to say
User 1: then you do some jugaad to get me in
User 2: i promise i'll try my best
User 1: leave it haaan
User 2: the rent is 30k there
User 1: acha ok
User 2: and there is no one there and it's just four months and how will i pay my share after the four months are done for seven more months
User 1: why will you pay vidit will move in with them
User 2: he's living with ria in two bhk
User 1: theek hai then leave it
User 2: but i'll talk to my manager about you i promise
User 1: ok
User 2: okay
User 1: hey jen what are you doing??
User 2: hi dik i'm chilling with boys arav is sad
User 1: why bad paper ok ok
User 2: getting make up
User 1: see it hehe text me na attention here ! hehe no jk you do your thing hey jen wanna go chill with me on re night ? oe  we can do hookah and drink stuff and eat pizza
User 2: after that paper?
User 1: ya
User 2: sure
User 1: okk don't do drama like i won't drink this that and all
User 2: fine
User 1: ok
User 2: love you
User 1: awwwww thanks love you too
User 2: hehe
User 1: lol .
User 2: chal i'm sleeping
User 1: acha ok gn
User 2: okay i'll see how does she not know this man too pampered she is that's why do responsible
User 1: lol
User 2: pyschology
User 1: responsible psychology?
User 2: huh sleep da you're sick i'll wake you up at nine
User 1: ok
User 2: you're awake no
User 1: no just woke up fresh
User 2: good thank god
User 1: haan .
User 2: i also got viserion and lady lolll
User 1: yayy
User 2: get ready fast
User 1: what happened? i haven't showered i'm not going anywhere i'm feeling very scared for exam i haven't done much at all acha okay i'm getting ready
User 2: yes get ready and start clear head eat something
User 1: what i thought you wanted me to get ready like take a bath because you were coming to meet uffo i was studying only jennnn
User 2: okay baby sorry i'll get the test today
User 1: yaa and get a cup also it's there on your table
User 2: which cup baby
User 1: plastic ka cup
User 2: oh yeah that okay what time should i come by
User 1: 8:45 ish ?
User 2: i was thinking earlier like 5ish
User 1: acha okay
User 2: i'm going to get it now only one big chapter left
User 1: wah
User 2: not that big also but have never seen it
User 1: pubg in an hour then?
User 2: sure honey text then did you dinner
User 1: okk ya
User 2: he made pasta for us hehe
User 1: almost done with second sessional wah i got paneer
User 2: goodd doooo
User 1: ya going too slow i feel but i did paper ka parts which i knew no doubts so good
User 2: slow and steady wins the race
User 1: let's hope so arre i don't even know how doosra log ka internals are in this one don't know how much effort to put lol
User 2: you put full effort only
User 1: lol ok wanna play ?
User 2: come
User 1: okay come
User 2: hi
User 1: hi babay talk to me na
User 2: too much theory and bad portion gone ded
User 1: do do even me only theory now
User 2: na i'm sleeping now
User 1: want to finish by three
User 2: oo
User 1: challo ok sleep baby
User 2: what time wake up
User 1: love you eight
User 2: okayy i'll call
User 1: lovely
User 2: beautiful chal sleeping gn 
User 1: gn sweetie
User 2: gm
User 1: gm jenn period started so did back pain how's it going ?
User 2: aiyo drink water bad enough
User 1: acha okay study study all done ?
User 2: i'm not understanding how to do the sums only fucked today
User 1: aiyo ask someone to come one hour early and help na ?
User 2: i'll ask
User 1: :
User 2: how is your prep going
User 1: all done i'm pooping then i'll bathe eat and start final rev
User 2: great good girl
User 1: hehe i scared though information is slipping out of my head i should start ekdum 100 rev from one
User 2: yes but eat before chalo all the best baby
User 1: all the best to you too
User 2: https:www.facebook.com1398660720375279posts2353563764884965
User 1: lol ok jen wanna play??
User 2: later
User 1: why what are you doing?
User 2: i'm in aravs room
User 1: so
User 2: he's playing guitar and we chilling ishan gf broke up with him so harshit went there he had three papers in3 days bichara can't catch a break
User 1: ohooo kaisa hua lekin
User 2: she read all his chats with his other girls and like ishan fucks around a lot. so she read the chat with his ex whom he is still tight with i'll get more gossip when harshit comes back let's ser
User 1: lols he cheated or what ?
User 2: pata nahi but he fucks around for sure
User 1: fucks around like what ?
User 2: you deleted this message you deleted this message like he doesn't do it but full talks and all in deete when harshit tries he also tried on the girls friend
User 1: okay that's bad
User 2: when is college reopening
User 1: twenty-two i think
User 2: okayy
User 1: ya what's next for you
User 2: today?
User 1: yes
User 2: i'll chill till dinner then study
User 1: good plan
User 2: you?
User 1: i'm so pressure less dude pe over yayyyyyy same kind of eh whatever gn
User 2: aww sleepy baby
User 1: no i wanna talk to you hehe wanna pubg?
User 2: naa you play sorry too tired hectic morning no
User 1: ohoo ok ok
User 2: i was learning on the phone from harsha while in the auto on the way to ab5
User 1: aishooo okk chillax with boys
User 2: yepp come
User 1: ok wanna play ? missed video call
User 2: i woke up to drink water harshit came back piss drunk so entertaining but sleeping
User 1: obhh i thought you were awake till so late lolll
User 2: you think  i slept at nine baby 9:15 ish i slept with i see fire on repeat
User 1: idk sarah's sometimes you do late
User 2: sarah's?
User 1: kya ?
User 2: dude sriyas post i'm very pissed tbh
User 1: i felt little bad but it's k that group is different
User 2: no excuse at apl fat cunt
User 1: next sem help me jen ish don't tell like that
User 2: dude i was swiping and i washoping at least the 10th one is you dw baby you won't be alone
User 1: ya hopefully not like this sem lol
User 2: anyday i can't chill and you're bored i'm pushing you to go to divyas place what to do man
User 1: absolutely not don't push me to do stuff i don't want to do i'll not do it happily and no i won't go to their house unless i want to
User 2: okay anjalis place
User 1: no i won't go anywhere where i'm treated like a secind class citizen and that too after everything i've done for them
User 2: anjali has never been less than nice to you
User 1: not anjali da
User 2: so go there chup chap
User 1: no i'll not go anywhere i don't want to make friends ok
User 2: periods
User 1: no periods give me power to tell what i want
User 2: fine did you study
User 1: no watching movies hehehehe i saw a lot of tv tomorrow no tv for me i saw sui dhaga and a quiet place
User 2: how come you watch scary movie alone
User 1: idk cause it's not really a horror movie it's a thriller i'm fine with thrillers
User 2: gm
User 1: hehe late ho gaya but i'm fresh and ready to work hard hehe i'm pooping then i shower then i lunch
User 2: go fast for lunch or you'll miss iy
User 1: do you want to go for endgame on sunday
User 2: but then it will be just you me anjali
User 1: ok
User 2: tuesday?
User 1: check tickets abs no
User 2: sunday there is
User 1: esd i need full three days kaunsa ticket hai isme five hundred no need
User 2: then it is too close
User 1: tuesday we will try post exam to watch
User 2: you said you cant
User 1: arre what to do jen it'll get too late to watch next friday and you should do your oe lol
User 2: exactly sunday then?
User 1: nahi hai ticket only tuesday available
User 2: lol okay then sunday we can get silver mai decent seats
User 1: nahi hai i've seen where do you want to sit in this
User 2: f123
User 1: no
User 2: then come for the five hundred one
User 1: anjalk won't do
User 2: then tuesday only
User 1: ya
User 2: https:drive.google.comdrivefolders1cauzhgtdol94f4nlfdnazutr1ejqqono?uspsharingeipts5cbc53b4 go m just woke up
User 1: hi jen finished everything?
User 2: post sessional is left and i want to do a few things from text. theory one's. should be fine. i'm pretty fresh now. yours?
User 1: everything is left lol idk why i do this to myself i hope to complete first sessional before dinner
User 2: wtf what did you do full day yesterday also movie aiyo not possible baby i'm sorry also did you see the shaddi ka drive
User 1: you leave ya oh i thought it was your some work ka so i didn't open only wait i'll see over dinner
User 2: yesss see pool party good quality pics
User 1: oki
User 2: there is a video in there too like in the main directory o nly its the sangeet one fast forward to like the half way part and see where rthe sangeet starts see my actinggg
User 1: i'll see tomorrow sweetie i'm pretty stressed rn but for destress do you wanna play pubg ?
User 2: right all these excuses chup chap study kitna tp bapre end sem time don't do like thus
User 1: hehe okay
User 2: dikshita new google phone is coming out priced in the one plus range go for it
User 1: damn nice dude ! sure what's the phone ka name ?
User 2: check da how's it going
User 1: i have the small small topics to go
User 2: come online
User 1: hi i'm online oh pubg
User 2: hehe
User 1: aajao one proper match let's play jaldi
User 2: so the two statements he's talking about one of them is reading from a the other is writing to a so he thought that should not be allowed to occur in the same row but the reading of a happens when the other statement is reading it's two params and the writing to a happens later so a is accessed at different times only and not concurrently do you want cinnamon buns
User 1: ok
User 2: done chalo dik i sleep how much left
User 1: little little
User 2: good dodo what time waking up
User 1: eight
User 2: okay honey gn 
User 2: did you wake up
User 1: ya lol i saw your post put nice picture not that one 
User 2: it's nice only toh motu haat
User 1: no no your tongue is sticking out that's not insta ke liye put the smile one
User 2: it's fine
User 1: lol ok
User 2: man srishtis bf owes me five hundred paise aaye toh movie dekhe 
User 1: why you lend so much money ? to unknown people
User 2: arav said he's a friend toh for sure no problem it's been weeks now
User 1: arav said that he's not paid you back yet next time just say nahi hai
User 2: he's not running away no  true but i'll ask him to ask that guy
User 1: ya
User 2: how's the joshh
User 1: all done once but my head is hurting kind of i'll sleep kya ? and wake up at ten and do?
User 2: yes sleep
User 1: i woke up
User 2: karoo jaldi
User 1: ho gaya bathing then food twelve i'll be at nlh
User 2: arre wah good atb baby
User 1: atb sweetie
User 2: baby what time are you reaching
User 1: i'm leaving rn aajao
User 2: left
User 1: haan ok
User 2: ly
User 1: kahan reached ?
User 2: waiting for auto
User 1: lyt sweetie acha ok kay
User 2: how's the crown lol crowd
User 1: good
User 2: on your table lollllll
User 1: theek hai chalega aao jaldi aap aao bhai jen pls come fast i won't be able to keep a place and all
User 2: i'm down
User 1: okkk aajao
User 2: jheal said okay for dubai woohoo
User 1: arre obviously
User 2: stillll i don't like to spend so much sometimes eh but i excited
User 1: traveling ! expensive
User 2: too hot both of yall slept??? motu
User 1: no lol shopping
User 2: show only this is decent rest no shi
User 1: you don't know anything
User 2: you know nothing dik classy
User 1: ya
User 2: order don't just wishlist
User 1: lol okk i don't have movie money i'm sending to vidushi she can buy
User 2: so broke everyone beautiful ish
User 1: lol
User 2: sad
User 1: i love you baby
User 2: i love you too honey baby
User 2: these guys want to play pubg
User 1: i can't shop more
User 2: play with them
User 1: me too !!! you come
User 2: tired lol
User 1: then only i'll okay play
User 2: no no youu play i sleep
User 1: https:drive.google.comfolderview?id1da1sxdlbvt572dlerrsdiewqjcnqls hi sweetie i didn't sleep yet
User 2: aiyo what we're you doing
User 1: i'm awake gm
User 2: gm honey what plansss
User 1: i'm coming at four ish okay sweets ?
User 2: yes yes four i'll go get the cinnamon buns
User 1: when do i come then i'll be there by 3;30
User 2: no no four hundred and thirty i'll have a bath a be ready with food also
User 1: haan
User 2: love you
User 1: i'm ready sweetie if you want i can come abhi i missed lunch though i'm pretty hungry
User 2: what you wanna have
User 1: kya to have ?
User 2: order something
User 1: eh leave i'll skip off
User 2: have the cinnamon bun for lunch lol
User 1: acha ok
User 2: man this person still hasn't called also
User 1: should i come then??
User 2: ha
User 1: okk i saw the fulllll video too good it is you acted so well waaah ! 
User 2: hainaaa hehe i shy
User 1: missed voice call
User 2: playing pubggg
User 1: aww i was so touched when jheal cried dude i'm sure if i show mom she's going to start crying
User 2: dikhadena
User 1: haaan
User 2: didn't see that part only
User 1: full and all toh she won't have patience i'll show your part and jheal jinkesh aashi and dono ka parents ka bas see it it's after the dilbaro part you went to the washroom that time jen december 21st to 28th ka baat karo aap pls send hotstar id password
User 2: okayy okk why do you stay awake till so late omt harshit.4358@gmail.com hotstar ki website khol leagueof@123 and then put the username and password login ki pe, facebook link pe click kar
User 1: watching ok
User 2: good good
User 1: missed video call
User 2: hello did you like ittttt
User 1: yaaa good one good one at arya
User 2: but ten year build up anticlimatic tbh
User 2: study now it's too lage harshit watched half lol
User 1: ya i'm doing lols
User 2: he has a paper at two
User 1: poor guy but he will get spoilers if he waits more
User 2: i tried my best i didn't give any
User 1: arre since when i'm trying to find aashi ka nails ka pic i can't find only
User 2: why tho
User 1: i want to do for bhaiyas wedding
User 2: just go to a nail salon and choose
User 1: ya probably
User 2: they'll have many designs
User 1: ya i'll have to do that some universal design which will be good for all functions clear nails plus gold shimmer exactly what she had got that's why i found it i was seeing pics everyone is crying dude weddings girls ka vidaai mein really everyone cries my mom cries cause she remembers her own vidaai you slept kya ?
User 2: aiyp you didn't send mom anything no aisho hehe hi no i didnt sleep im sad i didnt complete much yesterday so slogging today i'm doing all the bad chapters first rest i'll do fatafat at night argh i hope i finish hows your progress going baby
User 1: aiyo i shouldn't have come almost done with sess one
User 2: next semester lol good good is it a hard paper
User 1: it's an irritating paper that matlab one
User 2: hello baby oho good studying i just read the theory thi eh i'll be ready for tomorrow
User 1: good good i'm very scared idk shit gone jen full nazar happened
User 2: nothing hua how's the prep
User 1: ho jayega but idk she's asked too much from post sessional so i'm scared
User 2: this is my problem as well dinneeerrrr all of us are so poor lol we got eggs
User 1: lol cook didn't come?
User 2: he did but kaustubh and vidit also had dinner her so they had my share
User 1: aiyo wanna pubg ? is your rajasthan ka village ka name sadri ? send pic to sulakshana monga send more from the folder don't send just one
User 2: i know that but no aiyo i'll tell jheal to send
User 1: pubg aajao
User 2: i just started studying these boys weren't leaving the room now they are outside okaying playing
User 1: acha okay you're done studying?
User 2: nope doing the part i'm thoda confident about now then done
User 1: how much ? okay good ai na ?
User 2: 10:30? yes
User 1: kya ? pubg ? haan
User 2: yes
User 1: ok 10:40 ho gaya no pubg ?
User 2: ha done come now coming?
User 1: haan aajao aao jen
User 2: shish ya
User 1: one more aajao
User 2: ab nahi hoga getting prepped to sleep
User 1: k
User 2: how much done
User 1: little left
User 2: what time wake up
User 1: eight only sweetie what are your pes next sem they're out
User 2: where to see
User 1: slcm
User 2: which tab accha saw
User 1: haan kya mila
User 2: natural language processing social network analysis
User 1: okk
User 2: and software testing you?
User 1: i don't even understand the names lol real time systems
User 2: why did you take ds and algo aiyo
User 1: why  it's bad or what i told you i'm taking then only i took maado
User 2: i told you no before also
User 1: hehe i took it
User 2: eh it's fine i'll help
User 1: hehe thanks baby
User 2: man everything was like done and i attempted everything but i didn't know the proper concept if graph algos so even though what i drew is correct what i wrote is wrong
User 1: jen i have to tell you something really funny i'll tell in person
User 2: i'm waiting for the fucking auti
User 1: acha ok
User 2: they aren't coming only
User 1: you're always waiting for an auto
User 2: give my ticket and go in
User 1: i'm walking haan
User 2: oh
User 1: i'll do that
User 2: where are you
User 1: chemical block i'm already buying popcorn how much time it took you to wear lenses ? maddo
User 2: yeah so
User 2: i started chilling and then lost track of time
User 1: aiyo i'm getting horrible uti pain horrible
User 2: arre
User 1: i can't believe i have to walk through it
User 2: start medicine
User 1: i took
User 2: hmm good aww baby
User 1: too much pain
User 2: are you drinking water during exams all this stress plus no water dont
User 1: i drink 3l a day after this business started i've been very careful
User 2: aisho sorry it's happening are you with anjali hi baby why didn't you text
User 1: hi sweetie sorry
User 2: hello what you did
User 1: the girls are drinking i'm chilling with them
User 2: okayyy. i studied thoda now head is aching na
User 1: aiyo i would've pressed
User 2: how's your uti you were in so much pain
User 1: haaaan it went cutie love you so much cutie i just saw veer zaara too emotional dude there are very few movies that make me cry
User 2: pretty zinta one? i think i have seen thoda your early gray is too good
User 1: ya it is for you
User 2: soo gooodddd thanks hehe gn gm hehe
User 1: heheheh hi baby i'm pooing give me a min i'll call you
User 2: take your time loo dad said to call him to fix dubai woohoo
User 1: woohooo so should i call now ?
User 2: two minutes
User 1: what two mins
User 2: pubg
User 1: no more for me i'm watching mohabbatein
User 2: arree
User 1: wanna play? missed video call
User 2: hi dik
User 1: hi jen
User 2: i can do push ups now
User 1: arre wahhhh then do become strong af again
User 2: duhh that's the plan
User 1: missed video call jennnn a i can't study dude
User 2: i have to call dad wait
User 1: i'm sleeping lol gna
User 2: noo hii
User 1: bye lol
User 2: so i'm going to dubai lol
User 1: yayyy good good go enjoy
User 2: studying now lol you also study
User 1: no i'm sleepy i'm a sleepy baby gn
User 2: babyy cutie poo hehe
User 1:   kissie
User 2: khikhi sojao
User 1: you're so cute jenny try to wake me up if you can at like seven chal gn sweetie
User 2: i'll tell anjali but then she will say no im scared
User 1: really ?? 
User 2: lol
User 1: i'm not that difficult to wake up na lamer. kites beach usually has a lot of fun stuff going on.
User 2: i've been there da
User 1: then there are amusement parks. there are manyyyyy img. sky dive in the palm. ok
User 2: arre man very confusing
User 1: do sheesha and barbeque in the desert with female belly dancer you need to have the ratio of girls to guys and some guys if not all must be over twenty-one costly. girls is usually free. boys and couple minimum one hundred and fifty aed
User 2: aiyo vidit is local there he knows where i will be allowed where j won't my main problem is if these guy decide to go after graduation then i'll feel guilty for asking again
User 1: best places are white dubai. armani club. sensations. inka. barasti. baar baar. estrellas and sundowners. in that order. fake is required. you need fake physical copy.
User 2: who is sending all these
User 1: vedant
User 2: fuck i'm not even twenty-one fml
User 1: he studied the for a year na sp jain
User 2: lollll
User 1: and he's not twenty-one so he knows how to party if you're not twenty-one cavalli club, boa, white nikki beach gravity bar gm
User 2: mostly not going
User 1: today dikshita full night studying
User 2: good
User 1: jen i have not met a more waste person than you
User 2: dude there's going to be only vidit and rudhran. ashwani j don't tlak yo him much
User 1: leave it
User 2: and i'll be living at his bouse i spoke to mumbai people as soon as eid is over even they are planning to go for a proper trip but india so that will be fun
User 1: acha okay then go with them oooh come to odisha great resort
User 1: beach i'll also come weekend mein
User 2: that will be decided once i get back because that's when their exams end
User 1: acha okk kuch nahi hoga you'll be in mumbai only full vacation plan and go with parents take them somewhere whole you still can try maldives or greece or somewhere closebyv
User 2: my parents were like ya go to dubai in june because we'll be in phuket
User 1: so go to phuket with them
User 2: i'll take later dw
User 1: studies this that
User 2: they are going with club members no kids
User 1: oho so something at least in the vacation gym everyday
User 2: for sure but i'll go easy in the start too scared
User 1: acha okay i'd like to see that gym bod hi jen wanna talk to me about anything ?
User 2: hello
User 1: hello
User 2: had to make too many decisions today
User 1: what decision cutie pi
User 2: https:www.youtube.comwatch?v0vrl6vbvpjq did you seee
User 1: hahahaha haaan i saw it's funny lols sriya ka bday tomorrow missed voice call
User 2: i stpent time studying the wrong things man
User 1: aiyo you never study anything wrong don't say like that
User 2: not included
User 1: oh oops it's okay tomorrow study what is coming in the paper
User 2: ha
User 1: uth jana bas 
User 2: kal aap utha otherwise deth truly
User 1: acha wish sriya it's her bday
User 2: did long ago hehe
User 1: acha okay good one sweetie hi darling wake me up at eight am pls hi i'm here but i won't get up gn
User 2: no get up
User 1: headache alarm was too sudden
User 2: aiyo okay okay
User 1: missed video call hi sweetie i shouldn't try to wake up too early missed video call kya kar rahe ho you ?
User 2: hello i fell asleep after having a bath i woke up and panicked at 2:40 so i washed my face and immediately started studyinh so doing that only you?
User 1: studying slowly slowly you also do good
User 2: same ya shish
User 1: kya ho raha hai laundry aagaya?
User 2: haa aapko kaise pata maine diya tha oh lol insta
User 1: mera top diya tha? butterbeer aagaya?
User 2: ill check and tell
User 1: i showered sweetie missed video call pubggg
User 2: come
User 1: :( i sad sorry for screaming
User 2: aww is okay i like to be screamed at hehe cutie you are
User 1: hehe tomorrow ka plan? hukkah after paper?
User 2: tomorrow toh i'm sleeping for sure you come home two small parts are doubts rest done i'll do thsoe tomorrow how is yours going
User 1: slow should i get perm and come tomorrow to stay ?
User 2: not tomorrow on 6th only man i hope the manager allows what excuse to hive
User 1: you leave it no need to do anything i'll stay in the block and then i'll go home hmm
User 2: fine take perm for today bro i'll try to get you in
User 1: you have to study today and i'll be too drunk so take perm for monday oki
User 2: oh youre going with your class people right. where are you going
User 1: no sweetie i'm going to go for sriyas treat yesterday when you called anjali was there so i didn't say anything i'm not going with class people dude i don't party with them anymore i don't want to talk about it i'm going for sriyas bday bas
User 2: omg she's not invited again wtf sriya you chills properly with her such disgusting girls mam okay okayyy good loll your oe is too chill anyway
User 1: nooo ya no shot shit  i mean they don't really like her that much idk why idk jen i'm glad the sem is over
User 2: like unbiased or in the negative way
User 1: too chill
User 2: same moti
User 1: today is my last paper
User 1: idk after the entire sahil episode something you study i told you take oe with me jen honey
User 2: i'm still glad i didn't take bio telated
User 1: i want to talk to my friends
User 2: chuts
User 1: ya na
User 2: who include?
User 1: idk who was at fault there my class people i spoke to mom yday
User 2: no you say the exact people
User 1: i told her how i felt about the entire thing she said talk to jen
User 2: which entire thing man
User 1: only he can help legit there is only one thing that has been bothering for full sem i want to talk to pranjal
User 2: yeah so i don't have time for this bs again. i'll text before exam now
User 1: acha okay sweetie all the best
User 2: fu
User 1: okay leave it i don't want to talk to him i'm a horrible person jenn i'm sorry  i love you
User 2: you can feel however you want it's plausible bringing up the same issue again and again won't do anything but like i've said it's been handled please let it stay like that i love you too reply toh
User 1: it's fine i'll handle it i just can't get it out of my head that's why i thought i'll share with mom but then she said talk to you so then i did that but it's fine leave
User 2: we'll talk after exam
User 1: theek hai arre i'm not being able to forget about it and i just feel bad every single day so like it's not helping me at all haan after exam
User 2: even i can't help this but great thinking about pranjal everydah way to go! aisa nahi end sem time padlo bas pranjal pranjal
User 1: that's why i said leave it it's okay jen you study
User 2: yes definitely can now toh
User 1: i'm sorry i said anything
User 2: yes you shouldn't bring all this shit up before exams you always ruin the mood and seriously before exam?!
User 1: sorry pls study
User 2: ok i'm sorry i'm not as smart as pranjal so please don't fuck with my studying.
User 1: all the best jen
User 2: ok
User 1: my exam is in ab5 today
User 2: cool where are you i'm just upset that you've still not gotten over it
User 1: i'm not going to forget what you did
User 2: okay be grateful i did nicely i guess 
User 1: kya nicely ?
User 2: he had his clothes and face intact while kaustubh was present too so yeah
User 1: it was none of your business i have to face the backlash
User 2: like ive said, you didn't handle it for a long time so i did. now you have to deal with the consequences of it
User 1: it's not your job to correct me i handled it my way and it was absolutely fine not affecting you or me who tf am i supposed to talk to in class. selfish
User 2: i've told you it was affecting me
User 1: how it's no point talking to you man you don't understand anything
User 2: dikshita after somiya even i had to make friends in class. divya has been in my class since sem one and i still started talking to her in this semester
User 1: that was your fault you liked her and went on dates and all
User 2: so yes you should have friends is my point
User 1: while we were dating
User 2: fuck you fo you too much i asked you for jogs
User 1: did you not
User 2: everytime no fuck you now bye
User 1: cycling trips in the morning ? maybe siddharth was right i should've given you more bt about that
User 2: do you still want to give me bt? you didn't give me bt thank you. but i didn't take it lightly either, i didn't make any contact . over here, you know how affected i got by him and for so long you let it go on and didnt care for my feelings. and now you're bringing it up again which says you clearly still care which hurts me more. so sorry if you think you're going to talk to him again. because that's not happening ? what
User 1: arre but you liked her and she liked you back na. even then i knew that our relationship was more important than a stupid crush. why can't you see that now? don't you understand me? i don't make friends that easily and now that i did you just went and removed them from my life which btw you had no authority to do. you didn't get affected at all. acha and while we're on that topic how many times have i told you to not smoke did you listen even once. it's been bothering me also. it's not like i took the pot and flushed it down a toilet. i'm bringing it up again because i care obviously. it shouldn't hurt you it should show that i really need you to be okay with it. jen honestly it's not even your place to say anything and if it was someone else they would've spoken also by now. i don't know when what happened that now i have to ask your permission to do anything. and this anything isn't even wrong. acha leave me let's talk about what you're saying. affecting you this that bullshit it was affecting you. you know what's happening is that it's affecting you now. six months is a long time jen. are you really saying that we as a couple are in a better place now than january? and if you are then i'm sorry but you and i are in two very different places.
User 2: who are 'them' i took from your life man. start naming.
User 1: dude all of them is it because you have a problem with me making guy friends ?
User 2: all relationships have ups and downs. i have been distant this sem because of the marriage and then this fracture i had to focus on other too name no other things if they are decent or at least keep you safe, what problem will i have
User 1: you have to focus on everything else did you even once think about me ? i told you longggggg back i won't move out. who am i supposed to chill with when you're busy. what do you want me to be at your beck and call at all times that toh anyway i am na jen. what do you want from me i toh still can't understand they kept me happy and i felt good to chill with people who didn't judge all the people i called for my bday dinner to meet mom minus the girls and kshitij shashank sanidhya
User 2: dude if they left because you stopped talking to one guy, then it's not my fault that they didn't think of you as important enough. why do you want them to be so important if they don't give a shit about you
User 1: cause it's bro code and you know it don't give me stupid reasons
User 2: and who are those people you name man.
User 1: akshat pranjal rudraksh jayant rishabh
User 2: umm not really. if everyone is friends it's not a problem. bro code comes if you're an ex you stupid girl four people who at least thought you weren't important enough, not my fault
User 1: why would they talk to me after you insulted their best friend do you think i'm important enough for you ?
User 2: and they saw how i cordial was with them so yeah this yes baby one of the most
User 1: one of the more
User 2: doesn't make sense
User 1: it's proper english most is only one one of the most doesn't make sense
User 2: one of the more important people ever??? or one of the most important people ever
User 1: . so then try to understand what i'm going through and give in i promise i will not mention them to you again why are you so insecure
User 2: fine you got more in verbal
User 1: just relax na
User 2: i'm relax
User 1: be good to people jen otherwise it's going to hit you so hard in the back you won't know what happened i can't ever be happy after making someone sad it happened with nethraa also i felt guilty for some two months and now it's happening again i can't deal with it and i don't like it and you shouldn't try to change me to fit your needs
User 2: don't keep saying thag
User 1: you're doing it
User 2: i haven't done anything so sevre to fuck you up
User 1: i'll be myself if i do what i want can you deal with that then
User 2: also ask nethraa how she became a family member at pragati
User 1: i can't i feel shy
User 2: lol
User 1: do you have a problem with that also ?
User 2: i feel very sad when you ask me if you can go chill with class people also. i've told you that you have to update me that you're going somewhere not ask for permission matlab tumko stay over karna hai ya nahi
User 1: i'll sneak in from the back okay jen update
User 2: you can't fit through the garage gate because you're too busy hehe good
User 1: i'm going to apologise for my behaviour because i think i was very wrong to hurt someone so much. and then if possible i will try to make friends again. please be okay with it. it's just one semester. please jen. like i did with nethraa
User 2: don't apologise and please make friends but new ones
User 1: no i don't want new friends mannnn
User 2: pranjal ke alava baat karona sabse
User 1: i don't have so much strength to lose so many people
User 2: didn't you say you won't even talk to these people
User 1: nahi kar raha koi mujhse baat pehle jaise jen. kya ?
User 2: sad luck to your class people after manipal
User 1: i had so many friends for the first time in my life and you selfish person legit removed everyone with one swipe. my mom was so happy when she came she said wah finally you made new friends. first year ka group ka four people are left. but that okay i understand there were reasons yahan koi reason nahi hai babu pls. and haan i probably won't talk to anyone after manipal is over but at least let me enjoy it while it is. koi itna nahi poochta jen. i'm asking cause it's important for me to feel good about myself again. i can't go through summer vacation knowing that there are so many things i can save.
User 2: dikshita this is too much begging
User 1: why is it so difficult for you to give me what i want? first of all i don't even know why your permission is needed but i'm asking then also.
User 2: i don't like it
User 1: you're making me beg
User 2: wah thanks mam
User 1: i didn't say anything rude in this it's all fact
User 2: i don't even know what to say why are you falling to such a level don't say i'm forcing and shit that's bs
User 1: i'm telling you it'll be better for both of us also if i have others to chill with. no it's really not
User 2: why can't you past fight be. everytime i tell you to clear after a fight you say yeah everything's fine or you yourself say that let's not talk about it, fuck it. and then you bring allll the shit again
User 1: it's actually become impossible for me to do anything i want. simply all the time i'm thinking that if jenit gets too angry he's again going to break his hand
User 2: i'm not
User 1: because i'm trying to let go but i can't if not yours someone else's
User 2: try harder. you're an adult. learn. that's how you always learn. good might
User 1: that's the thing i don't want to learn all these bad things
User 2: okay
User 1: why can't you understand i think it's going to be better for both of us as well. i told you na we're not in the same place as we used to be in the beginning of the semester. try to understand what i'm saying and let me fix it my way you're acting like a male chauvinist pig jen
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: you're legit saying if you talk to him i will break his hand
User 2: fuck it i take it back
User 1: do what you want is good that's the last thing i read thank you jen
User 2: there no proof no
User 1: you're a sweetie 
User 2: i'm actually not okay with ut
User 1: yayyyyyy i'm not going to be lonely anymore
User 2: fuck you
User 1: yyayayyayayyyy heheheh
User 2: bye
User 1: i'm going to sriyas party
User 2: send pics can i irritate anjali
User 1: no she will feel bad
User 2: cool
User 1: i'm not drunk yet
User 2: what all did you drink i'm having pizza free for moi
User 1: i drank a shot of romanov
User 2: drink good stuff man
User 1: nahi hai good stuff yahan
User 2: tell sriya not to cheap out ib?
User 1: she did i think yaa ib and romanov pizza is coming and chips is here so it's good jen you're my cutie pootie people here tipsy little keep texting okkk
User 2: whose plaxe
User 1: sahil i'm tipsyy
User 2: good take shots lol
User 1: drinking a lot
User 2: domino eee good i'm glad i'm getting ice cream now lol
User 1: jen you're a cutie i love you
User 2: i love you too poochiee
User 1:  so much cutes
User 2: you're so cute what to do how was your exam
User 1: now you're asking three marks wrong i did
User 2: yesloll
User 1: rest is fine
User 2: beautiful
User 1: so angry simply i love you you know na
User 2: mind is made up
User 1: then why simply you're sad
User 2: you also know i love you
User 1: no sometimes i doubt
User 2: never doubt always lily
User 1: then allow me to make my own mistakes i'll learn is you're right if you're not then i'll be chill it's a win will situation
User 2: it's done dikshita
User 1: what
User 2: you enjoy now
User 1: i'm trying to tell you how i think it'll help us in the future
User 2: i know how you think
User 1: i know it
User 2: it's fine enjoy now
User 1: lovely 
User 2: wait what
User 1: .
User 2: okayyyy
User 1: pretty drunk 10000000 wanna help me ?
User 2: sup
User 1: miss might go to deetee to meet divyas class peepe
User 2: ohh nice drink there too limon shots
User 1: limonnnn
User 2: went?
User 1: where dt
User 2: ha how's it going i'm sleeping baby if anything important call be me
User 1: i'll call ? it's not important though hey jen i'm drink
User 2: hey dikshita gm https:www.facebook.comkaodeddvideos738162879874970 how's the hangover would you like to go to egg factory for dinner?
User 1: no hangover the girls and i spoke for five hours last night are you rich enough for this ? how come egg factory jen yesterday i smoked little i met kshitij at kc i asked him what he was smoking and i smoked it lol idk what it was this is funny but illegal something and all i said i don't even remember i've been sitting awhile on this window seat with it smooth polished wooden top, close to the window. the pot plants have been quivering plenty but holding their perch. the trees beyond have been swaying dangerously but holding their own too. wood is resilient, priceless in it's ageing and forever young, capable of being born a hundred times. tiny rivulets have formed on the window panes distorting my view of the world. i have left the window a little ajar to feel the cold spray on my cheek and hand whenever the wind wills it. storm or no storm, the city's rites of dawn must be underway. newspaper boys must wheel past and toss their rolls. milkmen, on cycles, their large tin cans clanging, must ring door bells. the brisk, bowlegged, old men and women who work their arms as if dragging back their youth must be up and wonder what to do. on a clear day, boy servants take out the dogs of their masters. the dogs must be restlessly scraping at their front doors.
User 2: lol you were drunk it's okay
User 1: i won't do again i feel so guilty i can't smoke and all can't 
User 2: who all
User 1: even if no
User 2: lol okay don't
User 1: divya upach
User 2: got 10k lol
User 1: oho okay great then you pay i have to give laundry 
User 2: offcourse
User 1: my laundry bill came 2.5k
User 2: i gave purposely less clothes and it came one hundred and sixty lol
User 1: acha okk missed video call ei quit karo pls i also want to play
User 2: twenty-eight left chicken dinner woohoi
User 1: 2nd
User 2: it's about a prince and a king and all
User 1: oh that's pretty cool
User 2: did you see
User 1: lecturing vidushi
User 2: oh what happened now
User 1: she's not sending the binder number
User 2: what did mom say 
User 1: she said nahi hai number
User 2: vidushi obviously won't send aiyo why does she have to be so stupid
User 1: idk dude idk
User 2: meri baat karqo ussr samjhta hu
User 1: okk i'll call you pick up
User 2: laterrr not biw we got food
User 1: now acha later baby
User 2: six gulab jamun and four ras malai
User 1: khalo baba you're eating itna late what dinner you'll have
User 2: sab khauga muhahaha pubg ajai
User 1: okk padhlo tum
User 2: badme
User 1: meko abhi khelne ka man nahi hai
User 2: okayyh
User 1: eight pm right ? missed video call jennn missed video call kya haii
User 2: just woke up
User 1: missed video call kya
User 2: say
User 1: ready aajao kc
User 2: no wait wait i'll leave at eight
User 1: are you ready i'm very hungry
User 2: getting same
User 1: and we have to go to levi's also you come now
User 2: hiii
User 1: hi cuties
User 2: we no make out when you drunk i sad
User 1: you're cute i love you
User 2: i love you more
User 1: i will argue i live you more
User 2: fine i accept dikshita i no like when you no naughty i understand but what to do chalo threesome ke liye dhundo
User 2: tum sirf bolte ho. dhundo ge bhi nahi
User 1: koi milega nahi pagal
User 2: if you look universe will give da
User 1: that means what that you're not looking hard enough
User 2: i can't look for a girl man you have to decide all thay
User 1: lost touch?
User 2: can't short kist haat motu sab hai
User 1: tu kitna cute hai
User 2: tu bahut hard hai bhai ekdum maal jaise hot boletoh
User 1: kisne bola harhsit ?
User 2: mai bola
User 1: oh tune bola video dikha sabko jismein chug kiya maine
User 2: that didn't get saved  but i told everyone they are like what between exams i feel priyanka will be up for it. she seemed hoe-y enough
User 1: no
User 2: too black no 
User 1: nooo but no she's your sister no
User 2: eh won't be talking to her after manipal mostly dude she's moving to new york city after manipal!!!
User 1: ohooo
User 2: too lucky man she has a diplomatic padsport
User 1: yaaaa know too good
User 2: kya kar rahi hai poochie meri
User 1: kuch nahi
User 2: arre girls are there no?
User 1: no no me and anjali
User 2: arre you didn't want to kiss me today you're good no
User 1: yaaa
User 2: hi baby you wanna pubg?
User 1: no papu you play
User 2: what you doing hehe
User 1: chilling talking to kshits
User 2: watch coming to americaaa
User 1: okkk
User 2: what time wake up call
User 1: never lollll
User 2: batao
User 1: you don't believe me when i say never really don't wake me up you woke me up at twelve today
User 2: aiyo so
User 1: i was planning to sleep till five pm  watch me tomorrow full morning evening noon night i'll sleep
User 2: doubt it even then you'll wake up tired
User 1:  i'm going to pack full day
User 2: yeah that's good actually do that
User 1:  cutie jen
User 2: gmmm
User 1: good morning jennn i'm so surprised i'm awake
User 2: whyyy go back to sleep you'll wake at some twelve
User 1: i'm awake bas if i'm awake i'm awake i think i had a nightmare i'll sleep again beech mein no problem
User 2: same man i'm starting in twenty go have food in the morning for a change
User 1: no no no i'm vomitishh so drunk lol
User 2: i'm still sad that you didn't get shots
User 1: ohooo shots would've tipped me over send liit ka video
User 2: didn't get saved i told you yesterday look lol
User 1: what are you serious i'm actually sad
User 2: haina only this man sorry nevermind i'm going to ulike need to clean up also, starting from the vacations, i think you should do whatever is the best for the relationship but if i don't like it again i'm going to intervene no bs gifts as "friends" none of that shit if he tries to even be over friendly and you think no he was just being nice and all, i'm not having that also if he can be a friend good. but if he tries any bs, you can't say shit and you will have to listen to me and we both know how stupid and mannerless he is and doesn't understand a lesson properly so yeah
User 1: jen sweetie thank you so much
User 2: if he does anything that irritates, then you have to be on my side
User 1: this means a lot he's never irritated me ya i already know all this
User 2: i'm not even doing this for you. just for a relationship.
User 1: relax i got this
User 2: he irritates me and you irritate me by just letting him irritate me without doing jack shit
User 1: he won't come in front of you ever
User 2: behind my back also
User 1: arre haan that also
User 2: whatever he does you have to tell me tell him if he gifts soft toys and all i'm burning them in front of him honestly dikshita, this is me giving in.
User 1: you're my cutie na that's why
User 2: i'm doing none of this voluntarily anything happens that pisses me off, and you're done with him i won't be listening to anything
User 1: it's better for me and you trust me i know
User 2: can you keep your word and agree to thag
User 1: ya ya
User 2: only reason i'm doing it
User 1: of course but nothing will happen
User 2: you take a screenshot.
User 1: what will piss you off though just gifts na ?
User 2: because you move from your word a lot
User 1: no i don't
User 2: anything extra for just a friend
User 1: don't say like that ya ya extra okkk
User 2: and if he says he still like you toh bhul hi jana you don't and i have accepted that. can't do anything about it
User 1: acha okay okk 
User 2: very thin ice dikshita. tread carefully. because next time i won't be giving into anything i'm not even threatening just informing
User 2: things we do for love shish
User 1: puuchhhiii jen my respect for you went back to original level thank you so much
User 2: sucks that you judge your love but okay
User 1: default fitting
User 2: huh?
User 1: i didn't do it on purpose i love you three thousand
User 2: awwww i love you too what's that salon place in canrara for hair
User 1: ? tony and guy it closed
User 2: also how much udaivilas did y'all book
User 1: are you mad udaivilaas is 80k per night per room we were in ramada my dad's not ambani and that's just rooms
User 2: full ramada?
User 1: pagal hai kya
User 2: lel
User 1: twenty rooms hoga
User 2: how much did it cost total we were calculating everything different scenarios
User 1: for my mom dad ka anniversary?
User 2: yes
User 1: twenty-five -30 lakhs just ask lol
User 2: oo okay lol no we wanted to know all this too
User 1: ten lakh ka gifts tha that's what made is too expensive
User 2: we are mathematicians too. except for tomorrow's exam ohhhh
User 1: padhlo
User 2: how many states have you been in india
User 1: check let me
User 2: okkk
User 1: twenty-four
User 2: fuckkk nevermind
User 1: whyy
User 2: mine is wayyyy lower lol now count countries thirteen lol usa is one
User 1: kya jen travel is knowledge i spoke to my mom she's proud of you if i count countries it won't be proper i'll tell cities singapore idk if i'm missing something and sab cities countries mix ho gaya listen to mom's trips next year for old people - norway and japan missed video call
User 2: aiyo she's happy that even her daughter can manipulate boys lol oooo wah too much fun she's having i got a haircut and shaved i'm a clean biy how's the packing
User 1: good no da you're a cutieee too many things i have
User 2: lol that's why i keep time to pack you're you're flying the next day when is the wedding
User 1: 7tg only seven and eight may
User 2: ohhh then when ate you leaving chennai? staying at nani's for longer?
User 1: yaaaa leaving on 15th
User 2: man sannidhi is such a bitch she sent a question on the group and i had just studied that topic i send the solution and she's like it's wtong like wtf i know it's correct what a fumb fuck
User 1: she's mean dude all the best why are you playing alone play with me na i just came online quit karo
User 2: waittt. five kills already
User 1: kya ho raha hai boss
User 2: wasting time you ?
User 1: same really don't wanna study lol jennnn i'm coming to stay over tomorrow but might go party with girls nvm they're all going to stay at mandavi emerald
User 2: heptaaaa
User 1: okayyy
User 2: see snapchat
User 1: yo jen if kal class party hoga what should i do
User 2: you're not fine with them yet lol plus last day tomorrow chill with me
User 1: okk is it okay if i go in the middle say bye and come?
User 2: arre i told you you do your thing in vacation
User 1: but not now ? kt and all are calling this is my last post exam with them na
User 2: i've told you cutting into my time is a problem
User 1: next time toh urgent i'll go to dels
User 2: dels?
User 1: delhi 5th dec bhaiyas wedding full night i'm with you baby
User 2: what am i even supposed to say you'll pass out
User 1: no man relax i got this
User 2: last time for 2.5 months
User 1: it's my last day with you ya exactly i'll not pass out you'll pass out
User 2: man do whatever anyways you don't listen first toh i convinced everyone for hepta so that you can do hookah then you're ditching
User 1: aiyooo i'm not ditching hepta is from six be na
User 2: your class party is at 5?
User 1: like 9.30 i'll go say bye and come back to you
User 2: where is it
User 1: iff
User 2: they are calling means they don't know the place also?
User 1: it'll probably be zeal
User 2: so you'll go till zeal and then come back again from hepta
User 1: ya ?
User 2: anyways you do what you want. do that again.
User 1: okay
User 2: okay
User 1: https:proxtpb.arttorrent32467984gameofthroness08e04720phdtvx264-ctu
User 2: already got it
User 1: working ?
User 2: who sent you
User 1: kshitij on the class party group
User 2: lol okay okay bye
User 1: spoiler
User 2: .
User 1: missed video call
User 2: what
User 1: gn i'm sleeping
User 2: bye
User 1: then you wonder why i ask for your permission you never behaved like this last year jen idk what has happened suddenly i don't like this new side of you i don't know what i did to bring it out
User 2: i have told you before also you update before it's fine. hepta ka plan has been made since so many days everyone was saying hashtag and like an idiot i was trying to convince everyone and they finally listened and now you're like na i'm going to leave in middle
User 1: so if a new plan is being made why are you acting as if some big volcano burst this last day was never supposed to be about everyone you didn't tell me you were calling them it was supposed to be just the two of us anyway idk how to keep you happy
User 2: you yourself said call everyoneerr
User 1: everything i do everything i say just makes you feel bad what's the point then
User 2: i have told you everything from before only. still you wanna make plans and ruin the perfect set up then go ahead do what you want man it's fine you keep yourself happy self happiness is important than mine
User 1: i told you already i'll come na i'll come to stay also
User 2: you do what you want man
User 1: beech mein one hour i'm asking
User 2: why are you arguing now i'll just say bye and come turns into an hour great
User 1: stop it jen thank you for making an effort i don't know what changed i just know that last semester was easier for both of us
User 2: ok
User 1: we are going to hepta six pm right? to what 11pm ?
User 2: i've already told you how i like everything and you still don't follow all the guidelines regarding your classmates which annoys me and then you say you don't know why you do what you want man go wherever till whenever
User 1: do you even know what i like ? i'm so sorry i ever asked for anything from you can't even take one hour from my own life to say bye to my friends
User 2: not when a plan has been made involving many people centered around what you want to do
User 1: i can't live like this okay i'm sorry you can't tell me what to do and what not to do change the plan why is it so fixed ?
User 2: because you fucking want hookah and hepta is the only place with both
User 1: jen baby you're so sweet i just want to spend time with you and say bye to my friends hookah is not my priority tomorrow
User 2: honestly even i'm tired of telling you what to do. it's fine. i'll keep my mouth shut and keep all the problems to myself lol if they consider you that
User 1: that's very toxic
User 2: it's either this or me telling you what to do. you're clearly tired of the latter so it's fine i'll handle the toxicity that's what i get from my girlfriend so i'll take that
User 1: you shouldn't hurt people who care about you jenit. you know it's a delicate topic. in front of you i cried for hours about it. and you're bringing it up so lightly. thanks jen i appreciate it. and no that's not what you get from your girlfriend. i will not be ordered around and i don't need your permission to do things. i'm so tired of this bs
User 2: even i'm tired. so how about you stick to your free will and i'll stick to the toxicity? atleast it works for you so it shouldn't a problem at least you'll start feeling like january again
User 1: i don't want you to make any sacrifices for me and i don't want to make any for you either
User 2: okay then i will remember that
User 1: ok i didn't say anything wrong
User 2: but real nature after four years of relationship no 3
User 1: it was always this
User 2: cool i'll remember
User 1: i'm not the one who's changed
User 2: cool anything more you want to blame me for?
User 1: i didn't blame you for anything
User 2: lollk good one
User 1: do you want me to stay over tomorrow or no?
User 2: you blame me for everything listen you're not doing me a favor
User 1: no i'm asking you
User 2: keep your tone in check again, do whatever you want i'm tired of your class bs.
User 1: what's happened to you jen
User 2: i try to make peace and tell you it's fine you go make up blah blah and then you're like okay i'm chilling with them byee wtf
User 1: i'm not chilling with them i'm going to say bye i haven't spoken to them in two months
User 2: for an hour don't forget
User 1: ya so ?
User 2: so q bye won't really change much i see 1
User 1: it's not for them it's for me
User 2: then have some self respect and not go where you're not wanted
User 1: why don't you understand i wasn't brought up like that
User 2: not brought up to have self respect?
User 1: not brought up to leave things in such a bad place for three months
User 2: who are you to decide if they are in a bad place. clearly it's affecting only you
User 1: i'm in a bad place exactly
User 2: which makes only you stupid
User 1: i know what to do to make myself feel better you had your way the entire semester it's my turn now
User 2: oh shut up
User 1: and that's final you shut up you let me know if you want me to come or not to hepta to pl pp ; just let me know jen
User 2: you leave it be dikshita. you fucked up initially by not talking my advice and keeping your friendship under control. i told you billion times to stop it. you always said you would handle it. instead you didn't do jackshiy. and if i'm right, you loved the idea of people having a crush on you. then when that back fired you started blaming me for everything you tell me first why didn't you do anything to stop it for 1.5 years
User 1: i told him i didn't like him
User 2: even your mom says you could have been more stern
User 1: and that's it the rest is not my business
User 2: so now face the consequences great
User 1: no i will not you can't give me consequences i haven't done anything wrong and i know it you're the one who's too insecure to see your mistake
User 2: tumhara accha hai. when is time for you to enjoy all this bs then you'll have time if your life. when it comes to bite you, it was never your fault? wahhh neither insecure nor mistaken
User 1: what came to bite me? from where i'm standing it was you jen
User 2: i'm not taking the blame for anything the facts dikshita the facts
User 1: you have caused me so much pain this semester k i will never forget it what do i do with your facts
User 2: me too
User 1: you're the one who hurt me
User 2: shove it up
User 1: if this is the way you talk to your gf
User 2: sure i was toh having the time of my life then what
User 1: just drama for no reason i was so happy is
User 2: you really should have handled it in the 3-4th semester you don't crib now
User 1: you just shut up you cannot interfere it's not your place
User 2: i didn't for the longest time be grateful
User 1: and even now it's not your place jen
User 2: and when it affected me by annoying me beyond a threshold, then yeah it is my problem and i solved it you give me one good reason of not handling long ago it's neither of our faults that he didn't stop liking you. but i'm very sure if you had made any effort he would have stopped. moreover, you didn't want him yo stop liking you. you like fans i know so stfu stop putting this shit on me your unhappiness is your long time coming undoing could you type any slowet
User 1: my handling is different from your handling.
User 2: wow what about the million gifts do you think that's okay for me!
User 1: last semester even for your friends i was dikshita and now i'm just another girl right... i just don't fit the bill anymore. i'm trying to get myself back to that. if you can't support me then idk what you're doing.
User 2: fine i don't share
User 1: what million gifts ???
User 2: teddy's chocolates and bs who the fuck gives a teddy fuck you they toh consider you as part of their group
User 1: teddy was fourth sem chocolates was for my bday
User 2: vidit got supplies for you from dubai but nevermind i'm telling you since before that only please let it be
User 1: i'm so sorry i don't feel like i deserve it anymore
User 2: good burn it
User 1: the supplies?
User 2: he got chocolates and all for you separately
User 1: that's very sweet i don't deserve it
User 2: okay
User 1: i don't deserve any of it
User 2: no one will get
User 1: okay jen see the thing is if i can't get myself together i don't ever be able to fix our relationship i know what i need to do to get my shit together if you can, please support
User 2: every time one thing only you have to sah this is how you blackmail
User 1: let me get all situations back to how they were last sem i did so well i never thought i'd get a 9.5  jen but i did i was doing well why won't you let me get back to that
User 2: i'm sorry for fucking it all up dikshita
User 1: i'm not blackmailing you
User 2: and why are we even arguing
User 1: i'm telling you the truth
User 2: i've already told you do what you want man
User 1: i'm telling you what i feel you don't even want to hear
User 2: i've heard it before
User 1: but you just don't care it is
User 2: for your class "friends", no i don't do what you want i'm sleeping
User 1: yes i will good night
User 2: i can't be bothered with this shit anymore gn
User 1: i wish you would've never been bothered by it cause it was none of your business
User 2: until you let it get out of proportion and it started to affect me
User 1: it was same as last sem and the sem before
User 2: im sorry your friends don't think you're important enough. just don't blame me because i'm not taking shit :) piling up
User 1: my friends have no relation to you look at how you're cornering me think of yourself in my situation you selfish boy
User 2: you still haven't even said why you didn't make sure it stopped. but like you said, you just told him you didn't like him. should be enough. then again your mother said the same thing that you should have made it clear to him. but eh who am i to judge. especially considering the fact that he himself said you never said no to him so he continued liking. maybe it's all your fault that you got too happy of having followers i wouldnt get in your situation because i have my priorities clear
User 1: ya right. at least think before you type nonsense
User 2: you've said something along those lines weren't you just too happy that so many people had a crush on you i think you were
User 1: i wasn't
User 2: sure liar
User 1: plural never any single person i'm sorry i enjoyed compliments i don't understand why i'm supposed to apologise for this
User 2: i haven't asked you to apologise for anything i'm just saying i'm glad you enjoyed, now suffer the down side
User 1: you are no one to tell me what i will and what i will not suffer. if i did anything wrong i'll know it in the future. you don't have to take it upon yourself to tell me to suffer. what kind of a person are you? why do you want to suffer? you don't like seeing me happy is it.
User 2: i'm not making you suffer
User 1: yes you are
User 2: your actions have led to all this bs. pranjal himself said that you didn't say no to him. what other proof you need. it's not my fault your crushes went out if the way which then included your bf
User 1: i said no i used to roam around with you the entire time
User 2: great, next time try louder
User 1: he's not blind
User 2: yet he didn't stop
User 1: he stopped what did he do ? nothing !!!
User 2: he didn't jeez
User 1: he did are you dumb
User 2: omg can you just stick to the facts your stupid girl he confessed to me fuck it you're not even making sense do what you want and you'll accordingly find a place to stay
User 1: because you would've beaten him up if he didn't
User 2: or maybe he was too scared to lie because he is and even looks like a pussy
User 1: who are you calling a pussy jen you were the one who took kaustubh along with you to beat him up you didn't even have the balls to go alone
User 2: hahahahahaha you think i can't beat him up alone. kaustubh was there to stop be and not to beat him up
User 1: if he would've come alone matlab toh def he would've gone back in two pieces don't give me that bs what you did was wrong i don't approve of it i can't forget it
User 2: and all this talk is supposed to make me more comfortable about your reconciliation with him lol doubt it
User 1: and i can't believe you would do that to someone who has helped your gf so much
User 2: you think rishab and jayant could have stopped me hahahha cute
User 1: i'm so grateful to him
User 2: idgaf
User 1: exactly
User 2: wow
User 1: you don't give a fuck and i do we're at an impasse
User 2: .
User 1: it's supposed to help me help you understand why you were wrong
User 2: first toh i'm not getting convinced that i was wrong i most definitely wasn't
User 1: so leave it we're at an impasse you have an exam tomorrow sleep or study
User 2: and now i'm not even okay with the summer thing
User 1: i will do what i want and you do what you want
User 2: cool good the summers are coming
User 1: i don't care i have to clear my conscience good
User 2: you clear your conscience and you'll be clearing out my trust in you
User 1: i am going to text them i'm telling you seedha seedha
User 2: no you can't you text rishabh and all idc
User 1: then also trust it going to go means idk what i will text i have to apologise for your behaviour
User 2: because i've asked you to do something and you clearly don't care fuck you
User 1: no i don't care
User 2: you include me and you're fucked
User 1: okay
User 2: i'll be meeting them again
User 1: i will apologise for my behaviour
User 2: to explain your message
User 1: no you will not be meeting them again
User 2: like you said you'll be doing whatever you want no you text him and he's done for
User 1: you will not meet him again
User 2: then even i'll be visiting your hod office
User 1: if you threaten me like this
User 2: to file a complaint about a topper she difficult definitely know
User 1: i will cut my hand
User 2: not threatening
User 1: i have a knife right here
User 2: telling you seedhe seedhe
User 1: what complaint you will not do anything
User 2: why do you care neither will you
User 1: if you do anything we're done
User 2: and if you do then we're done too i gave you an ultimatum and you just used time to get around it
User 1: i will apologise
User 2: no you won't
User 1: yes i will
User 2: definitely not apologise
User 1: i hate your guys guts
User 2: you do that and we're done
User 1: i will apologise then end it right now jen
User 2: no need
User 1: good night
User 2: you send him a text then i'll do the needful and then i'll pay him a visit in that order
User 1: you can't threaten me
User 2: oh then the hod
User 1: i'm not coming over tomorrow
User 2: cool
User 1: i'm not taking this anymore and i'm not talking to you
User 2: have fun chilling alone then
User 1: i will
User 2: why do you want to clear your conscience with someone who clearly took advantage of your friendship
User 1: there's no point telling you and then you want to threaten me i'm not talking to you
User 2: you started the threatening
User 1: no i didn't . . .
User 2: .
User 1: after your threats
User 2: .
User 1: after your threats you leave me no choice
User 2: prediction not threatening
User 1: it was a threat to me what about this you want to act like a testosterone filled idiot i can't help you
User 2: no you're the one who wants to act like an idiot. you want to go create a scene not me
User 1: maybe you should concentrate on your paper
User 2: you're only going to get embarrassed there that's already fucked
User 1: i want to uncreate a scene i'm already embarrassed i'm trying to save my ass
User 2: dikshita it's been done. have some sense and move past it
User 1: your fault no i will not i can't
User 2: you are truly helping tho
User 1: i will not move past it
User 2: manipal is going to be over soon
User 1: i can't lie for you again just to make you feel good i can't do it jen i'm not like that this will happen again if i let it go now
User 2: lie for me?
User 1: i'm not willing to go through it again ya tell you i think something which i don't
User 2: i've already told you in the future also you handle it. and if you don't i will again interfere if it interferes with me
User 1: no i am not okay with it
User 2: hard luck
User 1: for you maybe i'm going to apologise
User 2: then i'm going to break up
User 1: threats
User 2: you clearly don't understand what an ultimatum is disgusting i finally made my peace with it and you had to go overboard again like you always do
User 1: if you're going to break up with me if i apologise you should do it rn i'm right and i know it
User 2: people don't care for you as much as you think dikshita, why can't you just move on knowing that
User 1: i'm not like you
User 2: no you're not baby
User 1: i can't do it
User 2: learn then
User 1: i said i can't do it no i don't want to learn these things they're wrong
User 2: don't learn then, it will happen again
User 1: no it will not i will stand up for myself again you're bullying me you're worse than nethraa
User 2: let's hoep you learn how to tell people to backk off then
User 1: i love you so much why don't you understand then i will apologise
User 2: because you're wrong and you need to see it. and you're not so no i won't understand single life is it
User 1: i'm not wrong you're wrong
User 2: you'll see
User 1: i'm going to apologise
User 2: .
User 1: if that's the case then you should break up right now
User 2: you tell when you text them you'll get what you're longing for
User 1: you think this is what i want? you ruined everything
User 2: let's see you throw away a relationship and them get ignored by the people you aplogised to
User 1: you're right i do blame you for it even if that happens
User 2: i'm not taking any blame try later "i'll be happy i got it off my chest blah blah "
User 1: yes so you know what i'm going to say you just don't understand
User 2: because i love you.
User 1: then know that i'm going to do it
User 2: i know your side and hence i'm telling you to fuck it. move on.
User 1: and it'll be you not me throwing away the rship i'm not going to move on you move on
User 2: then i'm going to do it too. you should have stayed back. don't you want to visit your pranjal in kmc
User 1: you're blackmailing me jenit i want my friend back
User 2: maybe you should be more like siddharth and somiya. atleast she respected her bfs wishes and didn't talk to me
User 1: i'll be more like myself
User 2: shove his past up because it's gone and never coming back
User 1: no i want my friendship back
User 2: it'll cost you a relationship you ready?
User 1: you're a blackmailer
User 2: you answer this baas yes or no.
User 1: if you blackmail me again i'll also blackmail you i'm ready to apologise
User 2: yes or no.
User 1: for me the mistake was not standing up for him then
User 2: for him wow
User 1: and the consequence is fighting now
User 2: everything pranjal is rightb he toh didn't do only anything wrong neither did dikshita
User 1: i'm right
User 2: jenit just got a problem out of nowhere one day
User 1: i know it yes that's true
User 2: jenit didn't mention his problems for over three semesters
User 1: khali break up break up din bhar
User 2: if he did, dikshita would have done something oh wait i did. and you didn't do jack
User 1: jenit doesn't even know what his gf needs
User 2: i know you need to clear it out. i get it you feel you owe him that it makes sense
User 1: i'm going to do it
User 2: but it's not going to happen
User 1: he helped me a lot
User 2: i'm done with all this bs. mai toh idhar three saal se tp hi kar raha hu
User 1: you helped me a lot
User 2: you make me feel worthless thanks for that btw
User 1: imagine my situation you won't let me apologise guess what i don't need your permission i'm going to do it
User 2: so finally, i'm done with this bs. summer is ahead. we can be separate if you want. you'll be busy with your internship and i'll do something. i'm just not going through this bs. enough is enough. i'm not ready to be walked over like this. you do what serves you best i'll do what helps me best
User 1: fine have a good break all the best for your oaperb your results
User 2: pranjal won't even see what hit him
User 1: and for the next three months
User 2: fine
User 1: he hasn't done shit he's listening to what you saidb because you're a bully and i hate your guts
User 2: he'll be the reason for my break up because he's so much more important
User 1: this is not about him anymoreb it's about you
User 2: how
User 1: you're blackmailing me
User 2: it's just a simple ultimatum
User 1: you think it's okay to make people feel bad
User 2: you take it or leave it such shit ones sure
User 1: i strongly disagree with everything you say
User 2: use it in your gre
User 1: if we disagree on everything then we'll just keep fighting it's not about pranjal anymore
User 2: it is
User 1: you're delusional if you think it is
User 2: we disagree about this only
User 1: it'll happen again in the future again we'll go through the same thing
User 2: it's fine we won't be in manipal for it.
User 1: i'm not ready to keep fighting about the same thing
User 2: i know same that's why i was like do what you have to. but that is never enough
User 1: if a break up is inevitable then it's better that it happen now than some three years in the future
User 2: you fucking want everything i don't even fight about anything else so i don't even know what you're talking about
User 1: you blackmailed me you don't talj to me
User 2: you started the break up thing
User 1: how dare you you started it you've pushed me too much jen i can't handle it
User 2: see
User 1: either i push back or i fall off i'm not willing to fall off
User 2: aisa kya karliya bhai
User 1: tumko samajh nahi aa raha toh koi samjha bhi nahi sakta
User 2: you do realise if they cared near enough they would have tried to sort it out. but do you see anything from their side? you only want to go and be stupid
User 1: because you threatened them i'm stupid i was stupid i am stupid and i will remain stupid but i know the difference between right and wrong you wanna blackmail me na don't talk to me
User 2: you didn't do anything wrong what will you apologise for your behavior
User 1: i will apologise for not standing up like i am now
User 2: wow
User 1: i will ask for forgiveness
User 2: okay oksy give me a reason for not taking my stand all those semesters ago. if you had taken a stand like this
User 1: i miss my friends jen
User 2: he probably wouldn't keep liking you you didn't take my stand for shit
User 1: you would have ruined my college life
User 2: they don't consider you as a friend.
User 1: because i don't support it i consider them and that is enough
User 2: you didn't support telling a guy to back off properly because you're in a committed relationship then i'm sorry that's your fault
User 1: i'm not like that and i can't be so harsh and i don't like that you are either
User 2: doesn't even make sense. i was asking you stand for me. how will i ruin your college lifr
User 1: i don't approve of it .
User 2: and suddenly all that is out of the window because a self interest is in the line
User 1: becayde i thought i can talk to you i'm really slept sleepy gn stop blackmailing me
User 2: don't text them we'll fine. we would have been fine if you texted but no. you had to throw shade at me. you really messed up in the past and now it's all biting you maybe next time you'll be harsh enough so that you don't ruin your college life
User 1: i'm going to text them tomorrow
User 2: i'm going to break up
User 1: you accept it
User 2: tomorrow
User 1: or you let me go
User 2: you accept it you deleted this message or don't text them
User 1: i will text them and that's my ultimatum
User 2: i will break up i gave ultimatum first long back
User 1: i won't tell you only how will you know
User 2: you just don't care about anything i say real healthy relationship
User 1: right now i actually don't
User 2: cool i'll treat you the same
User 1: what have i been telling you the entire semester
User 2: missandeiand rhaegal die
User 1: how sweet jen
User 2: not all my fault. if only you'd been harsh in sem three it would have been much healthier so kind of your fault thanks
User 1: i'm done talking about this good night to think this all started cause i asked for an hour to say bye to my friends
User 2: it did i've said this also in the past that you go do whatever. if we have made plans you abide to it. you have agreed to all this long before don't give me any shit you always agree and then just throw that in the bin when it suits you. always you fucking do it
User 1: a small change doesn't make a difference jenit
User 2: what change. that way i don't get anything j want from the relationship if you just keep your word temporarily and break it when the need arises
User 1: i thought these things didn't matter good night jen
User 2: wow
User 1: i don't know what you're becoming
User 2: so when i want something, they don't matter ? is that what you're saying
User 1: i've been listening to all your bs full sem
User 2: whatever you're making me
User 1: i don't want to make you anything like this i hate this guy
User 2: exactly and when. the time is right you will just stop giving a shit and do what you want.
User 1: i'm sorry jen
User 2: you sure you want to play like this
User 1: i don't need your permission to do what i want
User 2: then don't agree to it in the first fucking placr
User 1: i'm spending the entire day with you i asked for one hour one hour you're an idiot i don't want to talk to you
User 2: no need. last day for two months no. and the plan was made and conveyed long back
User 1: good night well congratulations
User 2: thanks
User 1: i'm not going to go anywhere tomorrow
User 2: cool
User 1: i'm definitely not coming to pp
User 2: great bye
User 1: bye pls don't do something reckless
User 2: you please don't text and it should be fine
User 1: hotstar nahi milega mujhe ?
User 2: i'm using it
User 1: okayy till when ?
User 2: ten more minutes
User 1: ok
User 2: done are you still going to text them
User 1: what do you think
User 2: well then get your own hotstar then don't use harshits
User 1: fine
User 2: i'll break your phone if i see their chats
User 1: ok
User 2: why you gotta be this way dikshita
User 1: i have to stand up for what i think is right otherwise i'm just betraying myself
User 2: you should have done all that when nothing had been done
User 1: that's in the past
User 2: so let it be in the past man
User 1: now i can only change the future no i can't let it be jen honey go revise
User 2: why you gotta ruin your relationship for a friendship which might not even work out
User 1: it's not about the friendship anymore
User 2: are you sure that's how you want to spend our last day
User 1: it was always about me
User 2: shut up
User 1: you're doing it not me
User 2: so you don't text and i'll be normal why are you so infuriating
User 1: that's probably not going to last anyway
User 2: and still you want to fuck the relationship
User 1: you don't even want to give me hotstar how will you be normal this is when i haven't texted
User 2: how can i even stop you when you have i'd and password
User 1: oh that isn't working
User 2: login in through fb
User 1: are you sure it's not fucked up anyway ya i did
User 2: nothing that can't be fixed
User 1: we're in very different places i don't understand you you don't understand be
User 2: we fight about legit one thing so don't give me that bs
User 1: none of us want to accommodate the other
User 2: i understand you well enough.
User 1: i don't see what's left
User 2: i just think what you want to do isn't worth what you'll be giving up
User 1: i'm so tired i'm glad this three month break is coming
User 2: great
User 1: i don't have to give up anything but you're not understanding you want to blackmail and whatnot
User 2: you'll messing our relationship and embarrassinh yourself again
User 1: i'm embarrassing only
User 2: why would you wanna do it then
User 1: you messed it up long back i don't cry that easily jen i've cried fifteen times this sem i kept count i can't forget it
User 2: well if i had a girlfriend who actually listened to me when things were fine then it wouldn't have messed up. your mother was right. your fault you didn't tell pranjal sternlyn
User 1: and it's all because you're too stubborn to look past anything
User 2: you don't like to confront and all no costing you a relationship and numerous friendships you could have saved your friendship as well at least i don't fail to act
User 1: maybe you should get one then because honestly i'm exhausted. i just can't keep you happy. i definitely am not happy i failed to act so you think that you have the right to punish me
User 2: fine so are you breaking up?
User 1: don't be delusional
User 2: i'm not punishing you
User 1: yes you are
User 2: i just got rid of the problem my way
User 1: your way sucks and i know it's going to happen again and again and i can't deal with it
User 2: i've already told you next time you handle it. i've to keep repeating myself you're stupid or whag now you don't even listen to what i say i've told you the same thing again and again you handle it and there won't be anything for me to handle
User 1: this time also i'm going to handle it from here cause it's none of your business i don't want you to interfere in my friendships again or even now if i want to fix it i will you shouldn't even want to stop me jen please concentrate on your paper the hotstar password changed
User 2: if they mess with your bf, bf will interfere. if you don't want me to interfere and still do everything according to your way ( which is practically not doing anything about the problem ) then break up now and spare both of us the time.
User 1: if you think i'm the one who's going to call it off you're crazy i know better than to let you go
User 2: so basically you'll do whatever the fuck you want and then you expect me to be like no this isnt too much?
User 1: but then i also know better than to keep defying myself yes
User 2: dikshita it's done. why don't you understand it. it's done.past. can't be changed.
User 1: i expect you to ignore things that don't concern you
User 2: why do you want the past to ruin our future
User 1: i'm changing it
User 2: they fucking concerned me when you didn't handle them you fucking cunt
User 1: it's already ruined it
User 2: why the fuck can't you understand that you're stupid or what
User 1: i'm very stupid don't talk to me like this
User 2: then you'll go hookup be like no it's none of my business, i was the one hooking up not you what am i supposed to say to that tepl
User 1: if you wanna give gaali we're done talking
User 2: wow.
User 1: jenit you're actually behaving as if i'm cheating on you or something
User 2: fine i won't your defence would be the same anyway so what difference does it make
User 1: i'm sorry but my self esteem is higher than this. i'm tired of being embarassed in class. i can't even look people in the eye anymore. i'm sorry i'm not okay with the situation and now i will do what i have to to remedy it. are you mad now toh you're saying anything i don't cheat firstly secondly if i'd actually made a mistake i would admit it and leave it to you
User 2: they should be embarrassed for taking advantage of your nice nature and also other for leaving you you have nothing to be embay embarrassed
User 1: i haven't done anything wrong and i intend to stand by it
User 2: you'll be doing wrong by texting them
User 1: what should happen is a different case. i'm talking about what is happening to me. guilt embarrassment sadness and nostalgia
User 2: then you're clearly thinking too much if you think people give w shits about you to waste their time judging you
User 1: that's all i'm getting i'm saying that it's not okay no i won't it's not about them
User 2: come outside ab5 in fifteen
User 1: it's about me i'm not coming i have to study i didn't study yesterday
User 2: yeah so we'll talk for fifteen then go to the library
User 1: why you want me to cry before paper
User 2: i'm toh having the best time no? see. selfish again
User 1: the situation will be the same after the paper also we can just discuss then
User 2: no now
User 1: i'll come at ten give me some time to revise i have to shower also aiyooo
User 2: i haven't showered either be there by 9:05
User 1: ok i'll come
User 2: where are you
User 1: leaving block sorry
User 2: you deleted this message remember that you said it forget first
User 1: ya i'll take responsibility
User 2: where are you
User 1: block fourteen 13
User 2: come to the library
User 1: no i'll meet you after the paper if you want
User 2: just make sure that you don't text anyone till then ?
User 1: okay pls study
User 2: not happening even i came back
User 1: study we'll talk about it again
User 2: you ended it right whats left to talk you said you don't want to be my gf cool reply
User 1: let me study
User 2: ok stop including divya
User 1: she wanted to text you
User 2: yes like always you again did what you want anyway
User 1: i don't see what's wrong in that
User 2: can you just keep this between us jeez
User 1: why
User 2: i mean at least i'm an adult and can manage my own arguments you're clearly not mature enough seeing the other bs you pull kya hua? zyada saach?
User 1: i'm just twenty-one i'm sorry i'm not mature but neither are you
User 2: you should be sorry and more mature than you otherwise we wouldn't be fighting
User 1: i don't want to be more mature you deal with it
User 2: then don't throw all these useless tantrums
User 1: go study
User 2: i'm failing this couldn't have done it without you are we broken up or not
User 1: depends on you
User 2: didn't you already decide it depends on you tbh
User 1: i can't be with you if this is all that there is in my future. this is not the guy i love. and i don't know where that guy went but it's not this. i don't know what you've become. i tried to make you understand. if you can't understand then i won't be able to stay with you.
User 2: ok why do you always ignore everythingg i saw say then try to explain your skde say you say bye after exam
User 1: to you?
User 2: to your friends
User 1: ok
User 2: what do you want to do after the paper
User 1: your paper is in nlh four hundred and three seat four
User 2: ok
User 1: all the best jen i love you three thousand
User 2: where are you
User 1: hello
User 2: what you using
User 1: mi
User 1: lols don't cry
User 2: yes what are you doing dont you get bored staying in the house full day
User 1: i'm in vedvas house playing se
User 2: they are neighbors only no? whats se
User 1: yaaa stock exchange they only taught m gng for movie
User 2: oh didnt you already know that game ooo which movie
User 1: detective pika and soty two after that
User 2: wth two movies wahh detective i wanted to watch with you sad its out in the theatres?
User 1: yesss out
User 2: ooo what time
User 1: nowwww he he
User 2: arre wah theek hai chalo phir aap badme hi text karlo why too much time small phone?
User 1: yaaaa touch sucks
User 2: aiyo i'm sorry ya
User 1: chill bb do all the work i said
User 2: yes i started at the theatre?
User 1: good car
User 2: accha okay jaan c you enjoy now
User 1: :
User 2: ilyy
User 1: great movie pikacu
User 2: when's the second?
User 1: 6:40
User 2: haha refill your popcorn how's the cgi
User 1: gooooooood i'll do
User 2: i'm driving so shit haha msp430 all this comes in your branch no yeah so i finally give up on internships i'm done man man jheal came and she's like why ate you so dull and then dad was also there i couldn't hold it only and then jiju also came bt oh your phone switched off more bt
User 1: three five yes autoimmune aiyoooo  don't cry jen its okay
User 2: i can't help it i'm gone on my mom i'm in my room locked in everyone is outside jiju jheal and all i just can't sit outside man i feel like a failure
User 1: aiyooo
User 2: dude parv fucking won iaeste uk offer i'm sleeping man i'll try to make tomorrow better
User 1: i told everyne you're on scholarship yesss
User 2: see you know it's partially true so it's fine you can say it hehe
User 1: haha yaaa
User 2: back home?
User 1: ya
User 2: oooo dikshita i must confess
User 1: wanna talk to me ? insta come
User 2: i smelled in a cigarette today okay ha baby see full year i'll feed you when you get a break from me your gym and no need to not eat gym and eat healthy you don't like fruits no you start that your skin will shine more gym toh apan dono phadege
User 1: i take fruits haaan no food diet control karna padega
User 2: yeah so do that while eating healthy khana toh padega do keto you'll love it you'll get to eat fatty food lol
User 1: okk
User 2: aishooooo dikshita you relax you eat proper and gym better you'll bebsort you're not fat baby and flicks ummmm yeah that era has gone baby but if you want you get poochie don't feel baf itne smart bhi ho aap
User 1: cause it looks good on me
User 2: vatsal ko bolo mai moti hu aur tumhara beard nahi aata get then
User 1: that's vedanth vatsal is a cute romantic boy
User 2: then this hehe maybe pill hmm.... sucks. but dark circles because you sleep so late get your sleep cycle intact man kitna late haroz
User 1: hear this
User 2: lollll surprising he's still fwb after drama hehe all him does he know pakshal jain from singapore
User 1: i'll ask
User 2: nono he was there during our first year i think then he dropped out lol from sp jain it's too bad apparently too many drugs right i forgot these guys were small so there was this guy in my building
User 1: yaaa
User 2: beautiful ten twelve results then iitb cse then amazon job then cmu i'll beg to him for work not work for him all him for work through his contacts
User 1: .
User 2: idm this also lol
User 1: okk
User 2: watch coming to america with the boys good tp
User 1: my nani loved the dress you got
User 2: the one parents got? your family culture is changing everyone in your family does fwb now your sister toh does soooo many guys times change watch the movieeee okay watch the first full scene then you decide soooo gooodddd
User 1: send google drive shaadi picw fast and udd gaye for vidushi send on insta
User 2: where is the picture man bcom l lol
User 1: if you say yes only then they cab ask for picture
User 2: why my opinion
User 1: lol no
User 2: huh tell what are you doinggggg
User 1: went to sho shop didn't buy anything
User 2: why calcutta you won't get anythinf
User 1: yaaa i'll probably shop in dels talk here my insta is linked to the ipad
User 2: hi what drama
User 1: so my mami is mad she doesn't talk to me that much and all but like i go say hi do my pranam and come okay today maasi and nani are like
User 2: doesn't she stay in the same house
User 1: ask mama and mami to take you to quattro same bungalow one floor up so i called mama and i asked him do you want to take me to quattro he's like okay talk to your mami so i called her then i asked mami do you want to take me to quattro she's like today ? i said yes she's like okay let me talk to your mama then they came back from wherever they were
User 2: get to the point gosh
User 1: yana is their daughter right
User 2: ha
User 1: listennnn
User 2: tell two
User 1: she called me up and she's like how come you're asking me to take you your maasi isn't free or what ? i was like huh wat ? if you're free then we can go right she's like do you remember four years ago you made a plan with us then cancelled it last minute cause your maasi said it was the only day she could meet u i was like i don't remember and she started screaming i was like bro ho kya raha hai maine kiya kya four years ago how will i remember if she had a problem she should've told me then
User 2: aiyo is she like medically mad
User 1: idk nani got pissed cause she screamed at me cause i've come only for four days drama
User 2: arre what four days 7th till when? what did nani do then? aisho so apparently i have to go for a school alumni meetup
User 1: nani said i'll take u dude they may be filthy rich but money can't but happiness i've seen it firsthand
User 2: you're damn lucky i feel manipal mai anyone says anything i tell you lets go out you'll feel better. chennai mai nani calcutta mai pranu and parents and vidushi spoilt you are nani is jain? she ran away with jain then?
User 1: bas they're married now yashnas parents
User 2: arre explain toh i'm not understanding anything
User 1: i can't text brooo and i can't say it nani is here i'll tell you at night daa
User 2: so much secret i'm going to meet the two girls who sent me into depression lol
User 1: i would've been excited to meet them tbh i hope you're looking hot af and let me know if they're looking hot or not let me guess this is mihika and ashi
User 2: not particularly but eh not really eh no man i met them in college these are manvi aashana dude i'm being very rude to mom i don't like it but i just can't help it i'm stuck in this old age home
User 1: don't be she's so sweet she gave birth to you naughty boy
User 2: yeah i know but it's just that my head is not in the right olaceb so i'm just staying away from her like i have barely spoken to anyone at home since i came back i just don't want to i don't like change ya
User 1: talk to them they'll feel as though they lost both their kids don't make them feel like that its your job to make them feel happy no
User 2: none of my shirts fit me anymore toooo loose
User 1: aiyoooo
User 2: dude i'm at my alumni i met my 4th grade teacher and when i told her that i'm doing engg she's like i always knew you would do something like this please tell your mother i remember herr and like she said she's your true inspiration and she used to ask me if how much she was teaching was enough i don't even remember such a good mother dude i did juul lol
User 1: awww
User 2: i'm smoking up hehe
User 1: i'm also doing hehe vedvats coming o'er wow jen you were always smart no child prodigy
User 2: shots at home?!
User 1: i'm doing og again j
User 2: ?
User 1: joint
User 2: no on your insta there are shot nooo
User 1: oh that that's chocolate shots damn cool na ?!
User 2: obviously you like good things only hehe says a lot about ne
User 1: awwwww sugar praising yourself ?!
User 2: hehe anjali called me jen i was like haww astagfirullah
User 1: hawwww noooo
User 2: exactlyyyy chalo text when the bois leave
User 1: i cry at 3? they're not here yet also lol tell her not allowed i feel shy to tell you tell her
User 2: aiyo they'll leave that late? lol sure hehe
User 1: yaaaa
User 2: find a third girl daaa
User 1: anjali ????? not happening at all
User 2: someone else baby
User 1: i love you jen let's make it work 
User 2: aww i love you too honey this and gtech are the aim
User 1: hojaega jen learn to not hold grudges otherwise you'll become like my mami  with time cute
User 2: how high are you
User 1: not high they've not come yet lel
User 2: accha okay i'll learn all this give some time
User 1: yaaaa
User 2: time ke saath
User 1: lovely boyyyyy how i got you god also doesn't know 
User 2: i'm equally lucky to have you darling dude my school friends really like me i'm glad
User 1: you've changed kya ask them ?
User 2: they were just talking about that so one guy said that he was such a creepy type guy and now he's cute and nice. and then aafteen said that no he was always like this what is this divit i idc and one guy from the main group is missing too good these people are
User 1: i'm hi
User 2: hello how's it going
User 1: hiii are you awake i feel scared for final results i feel guilty after smoking i did dhokha and cuban cigar and og today
User 2: aiyoo you go easy man your body is not ready for so much also
User 1: new sareee i'm getting nani is giving bas aaj last alcu
User 2: ? naughty only
User 1: alcohol lol then when they come to kol i'll do
User 2: matlab full time you will stay fat okayyy where are you
User 1: home
User 2: arre you weren't replying i sad hiii what you doing
User 1: arre today is nana nani ka anniversary party so i was serving now vedvats stock exchange fir go kartng and all
User 2: smaaash?
User 1: nooo
User 2: fakeeeeeee when are you leaving but
User 1: rn
User 2: for kol
User 1: wednesday noon i'm damn scared for tomorrow
User 2: day after results
User 1: yaaa just 9.5 dude
User 2: then why tomorroe aisho 9.5 will toh come you dont worry itna you didnt really mess up any paper that bad that everything else will get screwed plus lab was toh great only why take tension enjoy go kartinggggg anyways you dont get to drive lol you deleted this message
User 1: hahaha i'll send video just tension hai basss nahi aaya toh kill fingers crossed
User 2: aiyo dont say all this pyscho let me knoww
User 1: yaa my mom will kill me
User 2: aisho you handle your mom man i toh dont know only how to handle such a mom
User 1: loll
User 2: did you wish her tho
User 1: yaaa
User 2: i was supposed to meet a frined the guy who helped me during the 10th ka depression but then we kinda drifted like you and adhya so i made an excuse and cancelled
User 1: me and adhya? wtf
User 2: atrye
User 1: how many depressions jen ?
User 2: whateber name that is just that one mannnn
User 1: aatreyi
User 2: close enough hehe dude everyone is getting viral over here i know five people who got aisho i dont want to fall ill ish
User 1: i want to fall ill then i'll lose weight
User 2: okay you get one thing through your head whenever you loose weight unhealthily, then when you gain it will gain damn fast and if you loose weight properly it means your stamina has become higher
User 1: i won't eat
User 2: then you wont gain eassily so make the correct decision dude i knowit first hand so like in jain you know we fast a lot no
User 1: achaaaaaaa okkk
User 2: so whenever these guys do eight twelve fasts in a row they become damn thin and then within a week they start looking back to normal or worse, bloated so dekhlo
User 1: arreee okk
User 2: waise bhi aap itne round ho pure time bloated hi dikthe ho
User 1: tell your mom to eat healthy not me she's getting dark circles :(
User 2: she always had dude dont know she eats only jain man theres not a lot of room for unhealthy you kow
User 1: okk jain food is weird
User 2: hhehehe i love you babty then you tell me to turn veg
User 1: ya veg food is not weird sorry lol
User 2: motu but i had only jain for so many years so i deserve a treat
User 1: so you'll kill innocent animals cute cute chickens and cows what did they ever do to you
User 2: i wish dude india only buffalo sad i wish my linkedin was like my matrimonial account
User 1: how rude
User 2: too good too many selections lol
User 1:  show kya scene
User 2: hey honey nothing just writing a report submitting it online lets see what happens lol nothing going to happen but i should get practice of writing stuff too i'll send it to harsha and ask his opinion after i've corrected all the grammar lol whats up with you how did it go
User 1: i'm gng to mahabs beach house for the match  alc i was scared to drivelol
User 2: go kart mai what is scary man oo chennai and mumbai lol we both are in opposite cities hehe who is mahab?
User 1: new guy
User 2: oho
User 1: very long
User 2: huh
User 1: sandy lot of water well paved
User 2: you send voice note man im not understanding anything
User 1: these guts are mad mahabs means mahabalipuram
User 2: you send voice note whenever free because i cant understand anything you say when you type in short
User 1: arrre i wasn't typing
User 2: good
User 1: it was vedant
User 2: urghh tell him not to text me i dont like when other people text pretending to be other people
User 1: ok
User 2: as im sure you know send voice note when free till then get drunkkkk
User 1: yesssss they will text da you'll just have to deal lol password lagta nahi hai is mein
User 2: you tell them my bf is very short tempered. and he has no job so he will come to chennai to beat you up llol aiyo mumbai is going to lose
User 1: jennnn don't da thank the lord lost three matched to vedant damniy man i would've showed you the place we're at acha i'll try doing hookahh
User 2: jk which match? oh pooolllll lol do do man our entire trip is stuck because of aafreen empty roadsss
User 1: be careful hold his waist heading back gonna play se njoy
User 2: lolllllllllllllllllllll
User 1: congratulations je mumbai sucks i hate mumbai fukn ambani mofos
User 2:  jaliiii game of thrones ded tooooo goooodddd i excited bbabyyyy did you see the episode how come you didnt reply last night gm gm gf hehe where are you man
User 1: gm i just woke up i'll watch the episode now
User 2: kitna late you slept? didnt relpy only i sad hehe dude
User 1: awww don't be chiplaz send hotstar
User 2: harshit ka thing toh didnt work he changed the password hotstar try thing this but logout ha after tat and this isnt the fb login okay normal one
User 1: ook i'll have to see epi four also
User 2: why wait you still havent seen it?
User 1: haven't seen capitals hai kya
User 2: email id isnt r idk check
User 1: okkk seeing
User 2: aiyo how come you stayed one week without the 4th one jeex how much done
User 1: full she's gone mad
User 2: ikr!!!!
User 1: arya survived thank god
User 2: i would have been so pissed otherwise he will also understand the softwares learn to do user stories.put content o the website. ask him to join us and help us in putting our systems together. he will do product and market research and by doing that he create a path dir ai and ml. we presently dont have a clear idea how to do ai and ml and if it fits in our company presently. arushas dad told her this regarding me but if i get so much responsibility again especially at a place where there's no foundation then it's going to be very embarrassing and i'll basically be a liability dikshita i'll be wasting time there doing product research and what not. i planned my vacations assuming that i don't get an internship and if i get that done, i'll have at least three new thing for my cv and i know i can get iaeste again do i will definitely do that in december and interview practice for placements because i know my profile is decent. i feel i fuck up my interview well sneider interview is the only one i've passed because that guy barely spoken to me for ten mins arre if i get an internship even remotely related to data science, let alone ai ml, then i'm ready to change cities i don't want to do this one because there's not related to me plus it's friends dad, so it'll be veryyyy bad if i'm just a liability no lol south bombay only. but dikshita you want me to waste two months doing something i should have done if my minor was digital marketing for gtech they'll prefer if i already know stuff for the master i'm applying no? bhai market research kyu karu bad internship let's not talk about it. i think i've made my decision that i will mostly not regret. only reason i'm feeling better now is because i was have a much clearer idea about my summer noe i haven't spoken to my brother yet i'll call him now only dikshita it is a steel company that's wants me to do product research where's the cs spoiler alert bolo i didn't listen to it but yeah dany is fucked in the head baddddd arre he once said that his friend did masters in ai ml from uk and now she's working there and all toh thoda toh idea hoga arre bhai it's not like i have a choice 1month and all what research can i even do in a month that will benefit the company idk the name but rich enough seeing arusha chut i told you say spoiler alert then you said there is nothing and then you're like dany won't sit jon won't sit omg he is right what a dick man fuck you. you're very pissing off your lucky ily you're i didn't know but i wanted to find out thanks for this also you don't talk about got man you're bad okay you don't say right or wrong okay so i think it might be grey worm? shhhh i don't want to know one week yaar wait hi karlo
User 1: ok
User 2: hii bath done? i'm still dirty hehe
User 1: yaaa pls shower
User 2: depends on mood no
User 1: no it doesn't what bs go shower
User 2: now you will tell me what to do?
User 1: yes jen
User 2: fair enough hi baby just woke up no didn't have a bath hehehe
User 1: nahane jao dirtyy
User 2: should i go to gaware hmmm
User 1: kya gawar ?
User 2: club houseeeee
User 1: jao excercuse
User 2: fuck it i'll go tomorrow rn i'll do at home
User 1: nooooo goooo
User 2: too much traffic now baby
User 1: i pooped
User 2: i miss you
User 1: i miss you too cutes
User 2: dude watch kota factory hits right at home
User 1: kshitij told me to watch before exam itself i didn't
User 2: no see now then
User 1: when lol
User 2: ipad
User 1: i want to play games on the ipad
User 2: fruit ninja hehe
User 1: solitairee
User 2: ew watch ittttt it's actually good and it's hindi and i'm still loving it imagone
User 2: again i fought with mom
User 1: why you only would've done something
User 2: and then dad too nooo about politics they are bjp fanatics
User 1: so why di you have to talk
User 2: i'm not letting my own parents fuck up my country's future
User 1: bjp is only the best option
User 2: if i'm living here when i grow older, i'm making sure it's not fucked
User 1: what will you vite
User 2: no vote wala option and it's makes a very big difference
User 1: what's wrong with you
User 2: ?
User 1: that's not their fault that you wanna put
User 2: my point was you tell me why bjp is good and i'll tell you why bjp is bad. and if you're such a fanatic, then you defend it and i'll shut up they couldn't say shit fucking corrupted cunts bjp amit shah chutiya in ielts we have to select ielts academics right? there is one for training as well i'm guessing not that
User 1: jen aagaya resukts
User 2: lolll how much did you get they can change also you know
User 1: 9.77
User 2: pranjal ke bina toh nahi aane wala tha na?
User 1: lol guess its all me
User 2: ya now apologise to me i didnt take any of your studies away that you blamed me for
User 1: actually the only subject i got a in i wouldve got a cause he was sitting on my right so dont start this bus again
User 2: okay i got 8.67
User 1: congratulations sweetie im so proud of u great job i beat pranjal by .04
User 2: i'd like tot thank you for the push
User 1: im first
User 2: ohoooooo
User 1: thank you jen
User 2: meri ladki smart haiii wooohoooo
User 1: hahahha thanks
User 2: what about rishabh and all you sure you're first?
User 1: i cant ask them na idk actually i beat pranjal im happy though
User 2: yes dikshita, you dont need anyone. dont doubt yourself from now okay cutie
User 1: i cant believe it
User 2: be happy man what did mom say
User 1: shes sleeping my nani is too happy tho
User 2: good morning for her then lel
User 1: she woke up the entire house what do you think will i get a new phone or not ? based on result
User 2: prolly we are spoiled kids we always get our way
User 1: yaaaaaa craps
User 2: or havent you notices?
User 1: lets see tho my dad is pretty strict ill get a trip to somewhere loll
User 2: pigal jayege
User 1: good enuf
User 2: you me july trek
User 1: done start of july see indiahikes ending on 8th
User 2: you see all that dekha nazar bhi nahi lagi sirf tension lete rehte ho
User 1: hehe and you genius boyyyy broken hand
User 2: dude arav fucked up big time. mostly year back
User 1: didnt write half papers haww what f in everything ? dont tell them my marks pls
User 2: dude but ml i got b and my internals were 45.5 harshit already knows lol he failed only one and he already knew that was going to happen
User 1: bt
User 2: arav failed the ones he thought he would pass he failed eom man
User 1: they can write it again na
User 2: and hes stupid make up lab he didnt go only properly
User 1: is that even possible
User 2: so back in that for sure
User 1: what bs kaisa hai kyun itna lax
User 2: he said his internals were thirty-one and in the paper he would get 30 eawsily tbh some people cant handle their pot and he is anyways laazt even wihtout pot he didnt study until like 5am before any paper
User 1: guitar hero he wants to become kya
User 2: on the day of the paper. and that also he didnt do properly for any
User 1: kuch bhi scold him na
User 2: he just likes to procrastinate dude harshit fucks his case every now and then. and vidit and i politely tell him every now and then
User 1: bull shit dude
User 2: again we will have roommate bt you see im not lying da
User 1: ill tell him ? get his stupid head on track sab pot ill throw off guitar and all break kya karega tv sab hatado parenting one hundred and one
User 2: nothing now. manipal mai scream how much ever what did i do man like your phone lol
User 1: ill do it ya
User 2: our house and our room is going to have a tv you accept it now only
User 1: jen leave all that im so proud of youuuuuu not in the hall room you can keep
User 2: aww thanks honey lol not the hall
User 1: room mein keep hall mein toh nahi rahega
User 2: room mai mera ps5 or ps6 whatever is out and hall main netflix and all
User 1: nothing in the hall ill remove the tv put bookshelf and board games nahi hoga has you cant argue all this bs things i wont accept only
User 2: civil war
User 1: no bas idiot box
User 2: dikshitaaa i fucked up
User 1: they can play games
User 2: i saw cgpa
User 1: whyyy
User 2: not gpoa
User 1: are you serious
User 2: arree yaar bt
User 1: aiyoooo
User 2: 7.95 :x
User 1: dropped give in reval everything awww its fine im still proud good job jaan
User 2: arre no man not a good job anymore shi thu
User 1: give in reval its okay
User 2: yeah i'm definitely giving fuckkk 0.05 please god
User 1: haan hoga jaan love you
User 2: arre yaar mood ka fuck hogaya shish
User 1: aiyooo
User 2: 7.95 man
User 1: kaiseee relax give reval
User 2: fucking construction
User 1: ohooo
User 2: how's it going which intoxication today
User 1: nothing pizza and stock cutie booty
User 2: sahil got ten loll
User 1: baba
User 2: good morning honey even i slept too much oops what did parents say
User 1: nothing
User 2: ....? what do you mean said nothing
User 1: what's your company's name
User 2: why man
User 1: nani is asking one way or another they'll find out you tell directly
User 2:  rajeshkumar umedmal pvt ltd tell her to relax baby listennn
User 1: tell
User 2: got two calls from delhi and mumbai let's see interviews this week let's hope i get the mumbai one
User 1: go forir
User 2: obviously last day today what planss
User 1: playing cards
User 2: arre go clubbing kolkata mai waise hi itne clubs nahi
User 1: no
User 2: whyyyy
User 1: chennai party scebe is bleh cards with naniiiii funnnn
User 2: oo you didn't upaasana after that no lol go meet her eh
User 1: pagal i've come to meet nani not upach maddo let me chill vedant is gonna join
User 2: lol its like you were forced to go to the wedding upaasana toh i dont like for some reason lol like you're not even close to her and you went for the wedding jheal ki shaddhi ke loye aajate dikshitaaa i'm making something for you dont ask what and all and dont ask why i need what i'm about to ask you just trust me okay so what i need are your chat histories with anyone more the better you can send your entire whatsapp chats would be able to do that for me this is because for some reason i have our history only from when i got one plus six clearly it isnt enough
User 1: awwww nahi hai phone broke na
User 2: oh rihgt fuckkkk no wait it might already be backed up on your whatsapp like their server try to get it back no like see online how to do it. but you can definitely get it back please to try more the better in this case
User 1: no i didn't back it up
User 2: aishooo check no it wont be possible with only what i have
User 1: ok
User 2: what okay
User 1: i have from may ten two thousand and nineteen
User 2: four days lolll yeah fine just send
User 1: what jen
User 2: not group chats
User 1: how to send
User 2: sorry mannn
User 1: who else
User 2: do without media
User 1: do you want yaa
User 2: any send more the better lel do you want to know the giftttttt
User 1: yesss
User 2: making a computer program who talks like you hehe
User 1: haha okk i'll send
User 2: yaay hehe
User 1: bas i don't have more chats only
User 2: awww cutie its fine i'll work with what i have
User 1: you want group ka ?
User 2: no no
User 2: aiyo i found out bran will be on the trhone stupid mumbai people ish doesn't make sense tho meh no more spoilers
User 1: so why did you tell me
User 2: this is all i know i thought you also knew not confirmed
User 1: my info is bronn
User 2: just theory wtfff lol hahaha okay lets see
User 1: yaaaa
User 2: okay i'm glad it wasnt bran wont make sense man im sad they fucked up the show so well man
User 1: i'm putting money on gendry actually and sansa
User 2: she can she'll be too happy to but i feel mostly what she did throughout the series is survive so no i dont wartn her he wasn't even there for so many seasons so no thanks mannn why they gotta fuck up like thus this stupid people i tell you
User 1: pch
User 2: mann i'm getting bt again harshit is going to live with ishaan achintya and vidit is moving in four hundred and five 
User 1: what why
User 2: they don't want to live with naman and harshit is like it's the last sem and i want to live with them and vidit said he doesn't mind moving in four hundred and five so ria is fucked and even i don't wanna live with vidit i want him as neighbor can't catch a break only
User 1: aiyoooo okk its fine je n remember harshit us your vestie
User 2: man everyday some bs or the other tiring man every fucking time nothing can be smooth and i have to go to their office for interview
User 1: i'm too intoxicated
User 2: 1week they'll test and then if they like they'll induct okay okay then text me when free
User 1: go na it's a good exp
User 2: it is 46km aeau
User 1: i will
User 2: everyday
User 1: its okay go
User 2: you leave all this, you have funnn
User 1: you have to work
User 2: yes
User 1: to get wat u wat
User 2: have fun bby
User 1: sweetie i love you noooooo talk to me i'm peeing
User 2: i love you tooo hehe what all did you have
User 1: hookah and alc is the fastest way tequila marathon
User 2: aisho
User 1: and watermelon mint hookan have to get back that's it
User 2: it's fine enough time is there
User 1: ya i did some thibfs i'll call from vatsals pick up okk
User 2: okayy hello baby tomorrow i have to go to thane for the interview how drunk are you
User 1: nor at alp
User 2: lollk see how you're doing typing
User 1: that's cause the phone is bad
User 2: awww what you doing
User 1: i'm typing on point i'm gng to sleep
User 2: okayyy
User 1: what's up wid u
User 2: tell dikshita i'm going to sleep
User 1: huh aisaaa okk sleep cutes love four u
User 2: goodnight
User 1: don't go mad
User 2: three thousand
User 1: like dany
User 2: okkkk promise
User 1: okk good or like my mami
User 2: aoyo
User 1: holding grudges
User 2: sleep no
User 1: and whatnot haa gn
User 1:      
User 1:  so cuteeeeeeeeee
User 2: you are
User 1: met vedants gf
User 2: how is she
User 1: tooooo pretty and so sweet
User 2: more than you?
User 1: dimples and all yaaa
User 2: i no like
User 1: damn young i love
User 2: you're young shut up
User 1: i'll become
User 2: chalo i'm sleeping goodnight honey
User 1: gnn cutes no one can call you jen i will kill them
User 2: true
User 1:  vivek n vid broke up thank god he's blocked her just text her once na ask her how she is and all
User 2: okay honey
User 1:  kya jen i'm becoming too rich loll
User 2: what did i do loll don't tell parents
User 1: didn't texr
User 2: i texted her
User 1: aega reply
User 2: i was getting ready for the interview i fucking don't have semi formal shoes i just hate mumbai man fuck going on a shopping spree this weekend
User 2: dude i'm going for the interview in loafers i can't wear full formal also damn shit first impression
User 1: y nt
User 2: idk prolly cos i already left my place
User 1: lol jen what take pride in your outfit
User 2: i forgot my belt  my dad was hurrying me too much fuckkkk deatg
User 2: zahra agreed to take me to shop. so i think it can be salvaged
User 1: yes good go for it
User 2: aww baby you want to take me shopping?
User 1: not at all i have no interest in men's clothes max i buy one shirt for dad
User 2: is it safe to safe you don't hate zahra as much anymore?
User 1: just another rude sobo girl you bombay people don't know how to be sweet and normal except u to me
User 2: lolll lillkk man we are realistic we call the bs as we see it one plus seven i spoke to vidushi but she said i'll think about ut and all what to do after thag helloooo are you flyingggg where is you
User 1: home 12:30 i'll leace
User 2: what time are you reaching kol they just gave me a shit ton of things to do so i'll at least be occupied he's like i hope you get to work with us because what we're doing is pretty cool, iron man stuff
User 1: six yaaaaa woww
User 2: i really want to but i feel me denying to shake their hand kinda weirded them out lol or offended them i toh told the girl employee also na i'm good
User 1: whyyy why are you so weird
User 2: it pains a lot at the reunion my teacher also made me cry
User 1: arre so put left hand or tell them the broken hand story
User 2: eh who raised you man who shakes left hand? stupid or what even lefties shake with the right yeah lol told them while signing the nda i fucked up my signature also lol
User 1: scouts and guides ka left tha aadat hua uska
User 2: wth i'vee never heard you please change it lel is it a direct flight!
User 1: yes no i'll keep it left only
User 2: lol thank god ish vidushi is getting a lot of food for you hahaha becoming thin and making you fat that's her aim you ded
User 1:  i told her
User 2: oh so you only want to become fat? cool cool
User 1: today last dat idk when my period is due damnn the app was on that phone what date was 2nd paper ?
User 2: 25th
User 1: ok
User 2: so when is it due sure
User 1: 23rd
User 2: one week left chill
User 1: haaan wondering abt gym when to start gng to shillong also na
User 2: you didn't tell me when
User 1: idk just this j knks and end of this month
User 2: oooo dude i won't be able to go for trek so much we discussed about it
User 1: y
User 2: shish
User 1: loll
User 2: if i get the internship i can't leave no
User 1: got a job ?
User 2: if i complete the task the for sure
User 1: achaa ha ok go four it
User 2: how they'll book tomorrow
User 1: this not the trek
User 2: oh ha play we can do something in december let's see
User 1: mybbee
User 2: definitely have to trip with me ya
User 1: lolll to hear you crib? aisa hai yeh kya hai kaisa hau kaise hoga
User 2: that too
User 1: wat jennn theek hai
User 2: you don't like me toh tell
User 1: we'll make a man out of you  awww i love you cutes i forgot to log out of my insta from the ipad ohooo boarded
User 2: if that's the definition of your man then go to mahiman only no he has muscles also rip safe flightttt
User 1: haww why r u stalking him landed
User 2: i'm not aiyooooo so cute
User 1: hehe
User 2: very happy they are how does it feel to be backkkk
User 1: i've not reached yet come to pick mom from alka aunty's place
User 2: accha you spend time with dad hehe so nice food dude happy place
User 2: text me when free baby
User 1: ok using samsung hi jen note five
User 2: hi dikshita how's it going with parents okay goodnight honey
User 1: ok
User 2: aiyo what happened
User 1: nothing now they're fine if i want i can buy new phone and come but i'm liking this one
User 2: noooo
User 1: let's see the battery life
User 2: don't be stupid three years for phone is good enough
User 1: no man i did drama yesterday that's why dad said i can decide oneplus
User 2: what drama tell
User 1: or google i started crying lol
User 2:  i thought you didn't want a phone that bad
User 1: dude i didn't get that white bs i got note five
User 2: still very old phone
User 1: works fine
User 2: like the oneplus tag line never settle
User 1: noo i can't ask
User 2: then why did you cry
User 1: my mom was bullying me
User 2: whats new about that thats her habit about what but
User 1: you shut up go jen i don't want to talk
User 2: say man you're the one who is being vague blah since morning i'm not understanding only anything reply
User 1: i'm not free jen nothing happened everything is fine
User 2: fien you're just being random pms whatever also you're the one who said it can't be fixed. i don't know what you want but stop lashing out on me
User 1: i didn't even tell you anything
User 2: . .
User 1: arre idk i'm tired
User 2: arre jaan toh say that no its fine you're finally home
User 1: yaa
User 2: ab sab tiredness nikal jayega
User 1: yes i'll crash out
User 2: hehe what were you doing in the morning that you were busy and how did mom bully you? dude harsha got only 7.5 idk how he gets so less so smart he is
User 1: huhhh wth like u like u unpacking meeting dadu
User 2: afterrr soooo long how was it everyone might be too hyped at home ladki top kargayi haha gooooddd
User 1: i'm bored of it lol
User 2: ae natak ek slap milega
User 1: idk if i topped
User 2: enjoy it doesn't matter you worked hard hard-ish anyway you deserve
User 1: yaa i told mom why'd you put it on the family group
User 2: dude i feel in cse, anyone who didn't take coursera got fucked
User 1: i didn't study and you know if it  i'm just not enjoying my 9.77 except what dad did at the airport that was funn
User 2: because you didn't work hard for it and still got it? too cute it was
User 1: no cause no one is asking only except family
User 2: aiyo
User 1: class ka idk who got what
User 2: i'm sure pranjal told everyone that you texted ab nahi kar rahe toh kya kare
User 1: i guess
User 2: did you ask the girls? block and class
User 1: i can't ask na block ya class no i know they wouldn't have got how can i ask
User 2: so many dilemmas what to do fuck it you be happy no need to show off be humble start gym today
User 1: i didn't show off i told mom not to show off she got angry idk what the problem is tomorrow today is my kaya appointment skipped it get it done on 26th or 27th morning 27th night out with the girls and vedvats coming on 30th
User 2: let her mannn proud parents are wild
User 1: noooo i feel shy
User 2: aisho
User 1: then she screamed at me only
User 2: why did you skipppp so hairy
User 1: idk what is happening i shaved for the wedding
User 2: they come only in pairs kya lolll vaginaaa hehe
User 1: so kuchbhi nahi hai ya not that kya farak padta hai no one can see anyway
User 2: i can seeee everythinggggg you can't hide from me little girl cutie pootie i miss you unpacking done?
User 1: i miss you too sweetie ya
User 2: chalo you sleep off now
User 1: gang for dance class
User 2: you and mom?
User 1: ya
User 2: ooo chalo good good have fun honey
User 1: thanks wanna learn something new?
User 2: like?
User 1: first tell yes or no
User 2: i am alreaddy learning quite a few new things for the internship so tell i'll decide if its fance
User 1: stock trade earning cash
User 2: oo i know thoda
User 1: okay i reached
User 2: but yeah
User 1: bbyw
User 2: must learn byeeee you're learning this vacation?
User 1: yaaa 23k i got from nani 10k i'll put off
User 2: dude debt funda harshits dad opened a company it's better than mutual funds also
User 1: okay put there then
User 2: done??
User 1: ya
User 2: four hours??? one day full cardio done loll
User 1: good job no sa phone ran out at four pm itself new phone i'll buy within next week tell naaa pixel or oneplus
User 2:  i'll check the specs and tell
User 1: yaaa price toh more or less same hai dance tha two hrs fir mom and i went to the gym to enrol me then we went to my favourite place for mushroom risotto then we walked back now i've put my phone on charge
User 2: lolll one plus seven is way better than everything else dw get that only bad thing is that it is 40g heavier than the others but eh hi https:youtu.beup2jtkrvluc
User 1: hi bb later cutes kya internet haii bekaaar luv u cutes
User 2: aiyo
User 1: acha it's working now
User 2: love you too 
User 1: tell fast what's up should i tell you my sarees or surprise surprise i think can you guess the colour
User 2: wear and showww otherwise i won't understand
User 1: ... no it's a secret now you'll not know till i wear it
User 2: red what else when will you wear what occasion
User 1: no for the farewells photo shoot and event two formals needed na
User 2: you tell me what all to get man i'll get that only
User 1: office formal two sets and suits 2sets and party wear cause so many parties i'm changing my look from boring to barbie
User 2: why two ya lol itni sundar ho getting flicks?
User 1: ya
User 2: i'm excited hehe
User 1: cause two functions na even i'm getting two sarees
User 2: which seeeeeeee
User 1: when are you gonna come to mpal ? should beeee photo shoot and main farewell with teachers and all guess my sarees colours moms taking out jewellery and all for me from the bank haha yayyy dude i saw one of viduahis sets ohoo just a cocktail ring and earrings but oho you won't find if you search for ten years also it's in shades of yellow and white diamond ...
User 2: 20th
User 1: ohh time?
User 2: you'll lose again like the earring lol
User 1: noooo
User 2: whats cocktail ring beautiful
User 1: it's a ring
User 2: vermillion toh nahi hai hehe
User 1: which is really big no
User 2: i'll land at 8:40pm before that infact but yeah that the scheduled one is reddish orange and one bluish something
User 1: ok no ya it's pretttyyyy like meee
User 2: tell the other colorrr saree oooo too hot you'll look i can just imagine but last sem in manipal three year chalegaye pata nahi kaha
User 1: loll that's white in a cute way i'll try and send pic tomorrow bas enjoy it with butterflies hehe you're too cute ilikeyoualot present main nostalgia main mat jiyo
User 2: surprise now toh oooo metoo aisho okay but i will miss it eh good exp
User 1: good exp now do something neww i'm horrible at keeping secrets i'll tell you
User 2: its fine argh chalo boldo
User 1: then at least i can keep it secret from everyone else the blue one i won't tell bas colour one is blue one is white will try two more tomorrow purple and gold purple and black
User 2: mujhe bhi thoda toh surprise karlo so gaye?
User 1: okk i'll try ya got up to pee
User 2: we booked the tickettsssss dikshitaaaaa man i fucked up i just checked my weight lost almost 6kgs this sem 
User 1: lollll ya i could have told you that sweetie
User 2: you gained six so lol at you
User 1: i didn't gain anything 2kgs just on my cheeks i think lol
User 2: tension not not that i'm gyming i miss it hehe something should be done throughout the day that's not studying will get the muscles back no worries
User 1: i start gym today ya pls do i'm toh going to become very thin
User 2: it's good that i'm starting from thin lean growth woohooo
User 1: yaa i like watch ir
User 2: you might be right about the cheeks
User 1: lol ...
User 2: after gymmn
User 1: it'll take 2mins do it
User 2: there are people at the gymmm you're going to learn this?
User 1: i know this and more chi jen you've not even seen my odissi
User 2: actually ya you don't send videos or dance for me what to do
User 1: lol why will i do aise it's not allowed you have to do namaskaram and full dress and ghungru and all
User 2: he did it without dressing and he seems pretty good at it i wasn't done with my workout
User 1: hehe
User 2: and girls started coming
User 1: cause he's the teacher lolll
User 2: and this girl gave me a shady look i got scared
User 1: so you workout na lollll go then
User 2: girls time might have started so i fucked off
User 1: scaredy cat wanna revise french? download duolingo it's actually great i started german
User 2: lol i used to use it many years ago
User 1: call me normal call in thirty mins hehheheheheh you have to hear something
User 2: you call i'll be ready to answer
User 1: nooo you just call i won't pick up you have to hear my hello tune hehe
User 2: aisho thirty rs waste
User 1: heheheheh hear it naaaa
User 2: fail it's not updated yet
User 1: okk
User 2: nykaa is scammm
User 1: loll
User 2: dude i saw one post in the morning and i shared it on fb with my pov. arguing since then. fucking hindu extremists jiju works there and gets jheal free stuff before they are launched lol
User 1: dude why are you against hindus you love muslims so much go become one duolinfi has high valyrian did my ringtone come ?
User 2: i'm against the division of my country because of religion
User 1: it's already done
User 2: i would have done the same thing for christians
User 1: and it's best if they leave cause if they don't they will remove us i don't have any tolerance for muslims
User 2: you realise that if they leave or economy is fucked
User 1: why
User 2: my dad will be jobless so will your dad
User 1: huh how
User 2: all the labourers are muslim
User 1: my dad employs no muslims
User 2: athletes gone wtf lol yeah nevermind i will remember to not discuss religion with your fam
User 1: and you don't believe in anything so if you don't then just talk abt the stuff you know
User 2: i know that's why i'm talking  dikshita whatever you may think
User 1: you don't know bs
User 2: i really love my country.
User 1: ya that's all good
User 2: and can't see it being torn apart by something as useless as religion
User 1: religion is useless only for you and you cannot attack people's faith and expect to get away with it
User 2: where am i attacking it i was just saying that if you think that india is a hindu nation, then check the preamble, which is the foundation of our nation. india's secularism is known world wide and if one uneducated minister can think he can make it one, then i'm sorry but no
User 1: tell them daa
User 2: honestly, who would you rather select as your pm. chai wala or iit graduate
User 1: i'm eating i'll ttyl
User 2: okk
User 1: what makes you think an iit graduate cares any more abt the country than chai wala iit from reservation na ?
User 2: not cares, i'm saying he'll be at least as good as him if not better and make more rational decisions
User 1: not at all
User 2: you know what modi said before the surgical strikes?
User 1: he's gonna take all the money
User 2: the weather was bad so the air force wanted to delay the mission. but the pm of the country said that no, it's good, the cloud will give our planes cover.
User 1: modi is the least corrupt
User 2: does he not know that radars can still pick up planes iit graduate would know that and idk about this but bjp is very corrupt and i know about incidents that i can't forget so no thanjs
User 1: which one do you wanna give ? congress ?
User 2: as far as i know politics, no party deserves my vote so i'll select the no vote option and if you know the voting system in india, like the rules and all, youll know that this matters and not like yeh toh waste hai
User 1: that's even worseeeee
User 2: fuck it
User 1: it isn't waste but if everyone puts nota then who will become the pm you have to choose the least of the devil's
User 2: lolll google brij loya and you'll know how least devil bjp is
User 1: who do you want to vote first you say that nota and all isn't right you have to make a choice
User 2: they give it because it's a democracy and i have a choice you dumb dumb girl .
User 1: okay jen choose two
User 2: . .
User 1: the white and the purple no
User 2: this is very bad different pose won't change it baby i got one more internship se reply what to do
User 1: haha go for it i'm getting all three maddo this is from europe
User 2: clearly they have bad indian taste
User 1: you don't know anything shut up acha i need help whatsapp blast karna hai
User 2: toh do
User 1: how to do in bulk fast fast
User 2: new broadcast top right
User 1: you can't do broadcast to people who don't have your number
User 2: i think only you need to have their number
User 1: nooo okay i'll remove your number you send me a broadcast let's see if it works?
User 2: cool oh yeah nevermind it's written there also lol idk then
User 1: okk nahi hua?
User 2: won't happen
User 1: okk what do you think? https:pin.itnukeidb6lcta47
User 2: where will you get it done
User 1: hehe nail bar opened
User 2: hi i won the argument with the aunty hehe you go like the fb post motu dikshitaaaa code barely chal raha tha already now one thing i need is deleted from the official website only lol i emailed him but he hasn't replied. normally toh he replies damn fast
User 1: aiyoo what happen3d what argument she probably let you win kya hua jen you angry with me ? no one likes the mustard i'll buy new
User 2: hi sorry i chilled with zahra the school then home and worked gello nevermind told youuuu
User 1: whyy have to go buy then ohoo but i don't like the blue so we're stuck
User 2: then school people
User 1: achaaa
User 2: no mam it's nice only
User 1: noo
User 2: why you don't kike
User 1: whay whak  didn't look good on me like the mustard was looking good
User 2: aiyo everyone is wrong kya you'll look like a joker
User 1: arreee the material i was looking thin it's my moms first saree she wore during her engagement
User 2: the color is literally hideous listen to me man also aravs birthday wish him
User 1: okk wished
User 2: i just woke up lol
User 1: waaah so late how come
User 2: i slept at three lol workkkk
User 1: ohooo i'm doing german acha but i don't like the blue one either so i'll have to look more
User 2: ok then change both lokkk
User 1: yaa
User 2: duolingo has simple level but
User 1: moms telling to see in dadis cupboard lol acha basics only
User 2: looll just get new one
User 1: yaa
User 2: don't you already know all that
User 1: unfortunately the ones i like are all 25k haan revise
User 2: what's your allowance? what's up with your stock market thing
User 1: ten god alone knows
User 2: lol nevermind go shopping with vids did you gym yesterday lol
User 1: ya yess
User 2: aiyo good i have to go to the club to pay money so i'll gymmnnn man my knee isn't healing
User 1: what happened
User 2: i fell that day remember? it's all white now pretty. ad
User 1: aiyooo cute jenny it's ok it's just a scratch cotton kyun dala
User 2: softamycin
User 1: ohoo put gauze not cotton it's just a scratch
User 2: it's white and sticky
User 1: don't touch it bab it'll get healed dw just put soframycin then gauze and tape or it
User 2: as you say maamm smarty dude i had a query about the task he gave ne he didn't reply only
User 1: aiyooo so assume and move ahead
User 2: arre no like for it to work i have to download a file but the file was deleted from online sources
User 1: huh
User 2: exactlytt even i'm there only its fine eh what plans today honey
User 1: gym then some pooja
User 2: https:m.hindustantimes.comtvcrazy-new-game-of-thrones-theory-tells-why-daenerys-face-wasn-t-shown-as-she-burned-king-s-landingstory-khy83bszivbk4xwbt5ar5lamp.html why man that also in the evening
User 1: in the heat idk shakchandi to get their daughter married
User 2: so only vidushi has to go no
User 1: nooo not my parents my cousins parents the lesbian sister !!! her parents are doing pooja
User 2: she told her parents? poor girl aiyo damn sad man why can't they just accept shish
User 1: nahi hoga lol they don't even kniw they're doing so that she gets good house
User 2: aisho did you talk to her what was she saying
User 1: she's not here
User 2: aisho eh shit happens when you going to the gym
User 1: i did and cqm3 came  abhi at the havan
User 2: too fast you gym throwback af ish
User 1: why one hour my body is painibf i didn't have the strength to wash my hair
User 2: you please don't ask our kid to so all thia
User 1: shut up you just keep quiet
User 2: that i'm not going to be bullied any further woman
User 1: no you can tell what you want i will tell what i want
User 2: and we'll follow this?
User 1: yes
User 2:  some tournament is going on at wankhede so many people on the road aiyo too crowded and mumbaikars dint care about walking on roads damn annoying
User 1: lolll toh hoga hi na cutes kya hai yeh
User 2: wankhede it's part of our club house thingi dude this gym has become the perfect mild hub
User 1: what's thay cutie how are you babes
User 2: places where milfs gooo back and biceppp then massaggeeee woohoo
User 1: milfff achaaa good do do
User 2: dudeeee that stupid guy isn't replying onky idk what to do
User 1: text him get his number
User 2: i can't double email it's unprofessional i'll do the theory thing veryyyyyy well really want this one will look beautiful on my cv as well
User 1: yessss go for it cutes you're awesome
User 2: you're beautiful hehe did you meet everyoneeeee
User 1: who everyone family peeps ya all cousins and all
User 2: dost toh hai hi nahi 
User 1: arre koi india main nahi hi 26th ka plan bana hai
User 2: when is everyone coming ooo
User 1: i have some concerns
User 2: yashna and all also? aww about what
User 1: yashna is in mumbai your ideologies meet her !!!!
User 2: tell da no thanks
User 1: you don't believe in a creator ? arre why she's my sister why you don't wanna meet ?
User 2: let's not talk about all this because you already know all the answers what will we talk about?!!!
User 1: no ? feed her a little
User 2: i don't want to talk about it now then
User 1: acha okk
User 2: i myself haven't gone out properly
User 1: full time our onkt
User 2: i told these guys to take me to iftaar
User 1: my face is glowing cause of exercise
User 2: we drive around beautyyy
User 1: what's that food ka ?
User 2: when these guys break fast after fasting full day it is called iftar
User 1: hmm
User 2: beautiful noon veg i'll have ohooo
User 1: ideology 2 enjoy jwn i'm jk
User 2: man you give a list of only na of how i'm not perfect you keep saying this when you have a problem
User 1: it's fine forget it i'll just deal with it
User 2: i'll adhere to your family traditions
User 1: bas peaceee
User 2: non veg thing is more of a 'you-problem' so....
User 1: i said jk for that
User 2: i don't believe it and neither do you gm
User 1: i did gm
User 2: you didn't reply also motu
User 1: hi i slept i tried december ka kapda and voted and all
User 2: apparently there's too much problem going in because of voting also how did your parents found about us? i forgot
User 1: i told
User 2: directly?
User 1: no dad found out cause of white samsung then i confirmed it off
User 2: cutie good one he read the bad chats no 
User 1: i have no idea
User 2: aisho hi honey family dinner today jiju and all will also come
User 1: shopping today enjoyyy
User 2: buy gift for me karado tum bhiii hehe
User 1: kya
User 2: hair color see
User 1: haha noo did a lot of shopping lols
User 2: show the good stuff ?
User 1: didn't buy phone
User 2: one plus seven is available only on amazon
User 1: maybe acha okk
User 2: lies arrereee khoobsurat aha maza aagaya
User 1: but not getting you like expensive studf
User 2: niooooo i like good stuff
User 1: this is 13k without blouse 
User 2: who needs blouse
User 1: i'll search more
User 2: what all did you get then
User 1: oho tops seven
User 2: sexy mere like bhi lalete
User 1: i'll get for you if you tell me the colour of your suit i'll get you matching tie and pocket scarf so that the two of us can wear
User 2: but our ceremonies will happen on different days anyway
User 1: acha ok
User 2: snap meeee i miss you honey
User 1: no snaps
User 2: your face man
User 1: there's one common for all branched
User 2: you get your sarees then i'll get accordingly don't judge their chairs they haven't been delivered yet lol
User 1: your house ? oh haab dinner na night mein sandwich ?
User 2: haha yess idli and all too i want to get out of here don't know how to leave
User 1: lol whyyy play cards with fam
User 2: i'm done with food my job here is done who are these people which movie you saw again today
User 1: kaka kaki dadu dadi nilesh me viduahis what is this pathetic attitude ideology 3
User 2: they are watching the sangeet video again and i really want to get home and just work but it's fine. judge without knowing the whole picture you play bye
User 1: you can't behave like that if the full family is sitting then you can't be a spoilt sport vidushi jaise don't talk
User 2: i organised tonight's plan so brownie points i actually got the wrong sister she's thinner also now ish parallel universe jenit is gladder
User 1: goo
User 2: vidushi ko pucho chalega na i'm toh ready
User 1: just shut up jen
User 2: okay
User 1: hi jen wassup
User 2: hi
User 1: sorry i got irritated
User 2: just done with the video it's alright honey
User 1: acha okk isn't the dinner at your place? we also had a dinner party at home kheechda and imlani and all too good yumm then cards and icecream
User 2: no jijus finally i saw fully renovated house i added my fingerprint hehe kheechadi? the green thing na imlani? we had mississippi mud cake hehe
User 1: lol good obe nooo it's different come i'll make you have it imli pani
User 2: jheal might go to kolkata for friends wedding lol don't know when tho
User 1: ohooo when you should ask na what's the friends name ?
User 2: prateek much later dw
User 1: ok hi jen wassip
User 2: man my parents are leaving only i'm actually getting exhausted
User 1: so ? i thought you wanted to go
User 2: like there's not even a lot of talking going on aren't
User 1: they want to chill with their daughter but it's actually very late
User 2: she's in the room arranging her documents since over forty-five mins
User 1: for ?
User 2: aashi just came lol changing her name
User 1: for what? why are you guys so boring play something na
User 2: she was out with friends we only do this when we go to lonavala or something
User 1: dude what is this?
User 2: rn tv is going on lel
User 1: how come it's okay for kids to chill with friends when you have guests at home who served the food then? aashis mom ? this is really bad
User 2: mom aashis mom and jiju
User 1: like where's the raunak enjoy enjoy my mom would've slaughtered me if i'd asked to go out and all
User 2: jheal said that she made a plan a while back
User 1: during family dinner acha
User 2: dude their parents are going for a euro trip
User 1: niceeee
User 2: jheal and aashi are on the louis vuitton website selecting what they want ffa ffa
User 2: dude i sometimes walk tofrom college because i don't have forty bucks 
User 1: loll jennn it's okay it's like really late you'll are still there
User 2: getting ready to leave finally
User 1: loll
User 2: i was watching fb videos throughout lolll also why didn't you buy phone
User 1: go sleep off who's driving driver ? gonna take oneplus it's cheaper with exact same features
User 2: i'm it better dad's driving has become pretty bad very surprised actually he is a teen when it comes to drivingn just safer
User 1: and i'm scared i'll drop the pro if i buy it and break off the up down wala camera or even the glass back and all seven not pro 32k 56k 24k for .24 inches and that up down selfie camera doesn't make sense to me  what is better oneplus 7?
User 2: it's not;32k mad or what
User 1: it isss
User 1: go check oneplus seven 32k
User 2: 6t is thirty-three rn
User 1: oneplus seven pro 52k arre ok 1k here and tgere
User 2: it isss same wtf
User 1: yaaaa
User 2: ripppp i got mine for more wth 
User 1: lol i told vidushi also to wait
User 2: why didn't you buy it but
User 1: arre oneplus seven hasn't released
User 2: ooo
User 1: only oneplus seven pro is there
User 2: june okay wait
User 1: june mein it'll come
User 2: jinx
User 1: yaaa cute
User 2: dude it's damn weird leaving jheals place and saying buy i'm toh still not used to it
User 1: what jen same specifications so i'm saving money even this phone is pretty cool stylus hai
User 2: kardi na gareebo jaisi baat
User 1: aww that's okay daughter is always part of two families but its cool ok ican do handwriting recognition and i'm doing it rn its fun and there is screen write and all
User 2: you can do it on my phone as well just with finger so
User 1: but i have a stylus it's too cool
User 2: accha chalo baby i'm sleeping too tired ya
User 1: bye
User 2: i have go to this office tomorrow with ankur
User 1: same ole cute
User 2: sleeping?
User 1: love you yo give hotstar pls
User 2: .
User 1: it's tomorrow okk
User 2: use laters tho
User 1: thanks 
User 2: let her watch first 
User 1: okk
User 2: love you honey goodnightt dikshita they really fucked it up i don't like this man
User 1:  ya they did it's okay
User 2: dude i don't like the purple shade
User 1: arre all that can't be changed sweetie not the blue i removed that tell me what should i do ??? i personally like these three best you tell now
User 2: this is fine ish other two are good
User 1: what abt this ?
User 2: it's nice but not fancy video call when free bby
User 1: ok
User 2: accha okay you're busy so updating i got internship, through ankurs contacts, with ankur. the internship that j really wanted, i'm not pursuing that. i don't think i'll regret this decision and finally i can get vacation routine since i know what's happening. i want you to support my decision
User 1: okay do what's the problem what's placement prep ?
User 2: competitive coding data structures and interview questions
User 1: acha and you have to allocate separate time for this ?
User 2: yes everyday thing. this is main. then internship. then the chotu projects according to me because if i don't get a good job, then whatever i've done till date from school doesn't really count
User 1: okay jen if you're confident it's the right decision then go for it ! finalised these three
User 2: good choice write the email no please
User 1: gng to shillong lol will do at night please remind me
User 2: hahah it's fine honey i emailed him where all you're going man even kaustubh is leaving manipal like engg he'll try admissions in better unis for commerce courses. worst case scenario is doc  either this or he's directly joining the army 
User 1: whattt shillong
User 2: such a nice top wow fancy how many days
User 1: six days i'm fancy only jen arre itll happen jen dw
User 2: show where you're staying
User 1: idk we haven't reached the hotel we're doing time pass here and there
User 2: luggage sara?
User 1: car mein hai it's oyo da nothing much just keep clean and some antiseptic cream like soframycin and daily dressing vidushi said
User 2: why didn't you just show her from your phone
User 1: cause she's not here she's in kolkata
User 2: whyyyy
User 1: she has entrance training na
User 2: aisho
User 1: i'm here with mom dad and three annoying kids class two five seven
User 2: those annoying ones again?
User 1: ya
User 2: every vacation you get stuck.
User 1: dude the girl is so dirty
User 2: you need to tell your mom that it's your vacation too
User 1: idk what moms problem is
User 1: ya that's why she gives me my own room and all like she eats and doesn't wash her hand
User 2: doesn't matter. rest full time they are around
User 1: and licks it and whatnot
User 2: fat bitch
User 1: arre i told her last time alsi
User 2: dude honestly it's vacation time. don't compromise and all. nahi toh hamesha something will ruin it
User 1: like mom gets very excited about these trips and all so i don't feel like saying no and all
User 2: then why didn't you tell her when this plan was made ya see that's there. dekhlo hamesha compromise karna hai ya nahi
User 1: arre cause i want nilesh to come but not his younger ones every time he doesn't come and i'm stuck with the younger ones nah i can't da it's okay and she wants to teach me patience cause i'm developing a horrible temper and these two are also cousins only what other time do i have to spend with them
User 2: you do realize that's it's just our age. we have a million things to worry about since we are going to be introduced to the proper world very soon. and parents can barely solve very few. rest we are on our own. so it's fine dikshita.
User 1: dude my parents can solve everything no thanks i don't wanna be on my own
User 2: you need to explain your mother all this instead of just blindly listening to them because when we were kids, they knew what should we do. but now that we're big, they can't really relate because their 20s were wayyyyy diff
User 1: i'm fine with them making my decisions
User 2: kya hi bolu
User 1: kuch mat bolo your equation with your parents and my equation with mine is veryyyy diff
User 2: i found out yesterday only that zahras bhabhi is seven months pregnant lollll
User 1: awwww i wanna see babbbyyyy
User 2: my parents definitely don't understand my position because no one has done engg in my family. i have no support what so ever. so my parents trust me enough to grow by myself while supporting just my basic needs. 15th august due she'll send picture so i'll show yiu
User 1: its the same thing as any other undergraduate
User 2: no i'm sorry it's definitely not my friends study and work together because there's no work load or college load  no college load we have a lot of studies and different and they can't even help with job and all so plis
User 1: oh yaa contacts ka problem you have
User 2: it's fine i've managed so far plus i like to be independent thoda so eh
User 1: acha okay
User 2: cant zoom in whats one thousand, nine hundred and ninety-eight accha tiger can't read tho
User 1: okk
User 2: mostly it's true only lol
User 1: bs challo i'm sleeping gnn  my body is hurting quite a lot thighs and armpits why do the armpits hurt chest press karaya baba tough to walk also like every meal nowadays i'm like nahi nahi i don't want to eat much then mom screams and i have to today again i did so she said do this one week thing for instant two kgs but it's full day eating but one thing only so full first day melons watermelon muskmelon like that then second day banana like that seven days two kgs down
User 2: wtf aiyo. push your chest out when you do this. wrong posture you do yeah all this is good just remember your body is a machine for efficient working you have to keep maintaining it and oiling it by eatinh
User 1: some weird dream i had some nice house and all i bought it in 3.5k for both of us in manipal but then you said i wanna stay with harshit so i found a girlfriend for harshit so he would want to stay with her and you had to come to me what jen still sleeping ? dad said if it was just the three of us ie mom dad and me he would've booked us in the best hotel ughh
User 2:   not had to baby, wanted to gymmmm just came home lollll dude so crows eggs hatched outside my window. like in the ac ka grill. fucking entire one house is infested with small bugs you know those reallllyyyt tiny ones that don't blow of when you blow very hard also. way small than ants also i had told her to throw it away when they were just eggs anyways those baby crows will die
User 1: drosophilia melanogaster fruit fly awwww noooo i like small babies
User 2: no man. don't just throw around names 
User 1: ya check it
User 2: last time also it had happened, they had died
User 1: fruit fly
User 2: they are 3-4 mm big one i'm talking about is less than a mm
User 1: you've gone mad how can you see them then
User 2: arre i swear i mean i want to prove myself right but don't want bugs in me
User 1: post worthy ?
User 2: na whose that fat ugly kid eww nilesh is actually nice. he talks properly atleast
User 1: haww none of them
User 2: that boy bad future ahead of him kel
User 1: ya he's a typical teenager
User 2: i feel like i won't like your extended family much like dur ke yashna and all take it's fine it will be fun only like i don't like my extended lol i toh don't like dad side anyone. literally.
User 1: you'll love them . cause they smoke up and gym and don't study
User 2: who are these people  i meant the kids i really don't like others kids dude mannerless ones atleast dude i have few kids on my mom's side. they are shy but like sooooo respectful lol chocolates are coming because all these dur ke cousins are getting 90
User 2: my classmate from delhi got internship at physiz  chutiya i had told him about it still he took kya hi kare what plans today dude my mom leaves in the afternoon almost everyday and comes back at nightb and it would not have been suspicious but you know how when you lie, there is something weird going on about it and you just know like she tells me she's going somewhere on a weird way nothing can be done but yeah
User 1: ask her sweetly
User 2: she gives some reason everytime
User 1: where do you think she's going
User 2: moreover, i'm sure she prefers going out for more errands than berfore that no kids are home so i guess shes changed cant look too much into it
User 1: acha okk
User 2: no clue
User 1: ok do you think she's going to the therapist cause she was sad abt her daughter going?
User 2: not after so long for sure she's fine about that now like low key about it so it's fine man my wifi isn't working and mom doesn't even know which provider we have 
User 1: acha ok
User 2: .
User 1: who these
User 2: .
User 1: yaaa kaushik  nmims
User 2: good awww very nice pictures also this put story cute you are in the video hehe your dad is also done with them  what problem happened
User 1: loll yaaa i landed very badly
User 2: aisho you fine? laga?
User 1: too much speed
User 1: yaa all good no switch on the tv and see full india is stupid only you're smart to put nota
User 2: you don't ask me to explain you any thing related to politics because firstly even i don't know the entire thing so half knowledge is dangerous and yes modi is one of the least corrupt ministers, i agree definitely. but everyone under his nose starting from amit shah is black af plus he's uneducated and house ideologies are very similar to hitler india is not a hindu rashtra and anyone saying otherwise it's a blind bhakt who doesn't know the constitution or the preamble or the fucking history is india i swear to go the day they start enforcing the hindu rashtra thing is the last day i stay in india
User 1: he's the only one who has done anything
User 2: true definitely
User 1: they won't they're not the taliban
User 2: hitler got into power because he actually did shit for the public and he was a great speaker
User 1: they're just going to remove muslims cause they irritate
User 2: i'm leaving india then lol secularism ka matlab samaj nahi aata
User 1: you love muslims so much go become one so many other religions sikhism jainism
User 2: most of the army is made from this so they can't remove christians also they don't want parsis jews
User 1: they didn't say anything for that and he's not going to force any religion
User 2: he said any religion except hindu sikh and buddhist i think
User 1: i want a house here
User 2: beautiful no?
User 1: in cherrapunji and pls tell me what is the colour of your shirt farewell ka
User 2: dude i'm actually more interested in the american election because indian election result we all know
User 1: the one with all branched acha oka .
User 2: i haven't decided anything baby. you tell me i'll buy accordingly
User 1: okay but i don't wanna tell
User 2: you directly tell me which one i should buy then
User 1: damn
User 2: why da i'm so frustrated with this place man it's mentally tiringb my shower head isn't proper and hasn't been changed my wifi is down and mom has no idea abount the account number or the guy who fucking fixes it every fucking second day i have poha at home my room lights aren't proper and they haven't been changed either fucking stressing me out man this is my vacation time. beautiful
User 1: arre that i'll buy only in del
User 2: and worst of all. i'm getting too many replies fucking now when i decided that i don't want an internship it's fucking pissing me off then you ask me why i smoke up so kuch two thousand and nineteen is such a shit year mam i asked her what's up with this and she's like she forgot what work does she have on her mind that she forgot
User 1: i trekked four kms for a waterfall and i can't go in cause it's the second day of my period i'm not and sweaty this is pretty irritating call the electrician buy new wi-fi call the plumber you have to be sweet to her i think she's going through a lot already i don't know exactly what but if you ask her nicely and patiently she will tell you
User 2: sucks i don't have any numbers in mumbai how am i supposed to do all this full semester i couldn't wait to go back home because this is where i'm supposed to relax and get everything i want. what is this bs. idhar aakar also nothing is proper i don't give a shit anymore she's isn't going through anything she's over the jheal thing i left three years ago so definitely over a d she won't even cook non jain i don't give a shit about this either you're supposed to fulfill the basic needs at least for that also i have to struggle and the fucking bugs she's like they'll go by themselves. i'm like wtf you're supposed to pest control or something same scar on my neck
User 1: what are you saying once think before saying
User 2: she's clearly not caring for me she's not even making the food i want what other job does she have toh theek hai na
User 1: aiyooo what happened suddenly
User 2: saturation. i can sit in the hall which is my spot because bugs so i have sit in my room which doesn't have proper light then i have to go have a bath in sister's room ka bathroom where the shower is fucked then i come out and have to eat that same jain poha then i am supposed to study but oh wait i cant use my laptop and phone because the wifi is fuckrd and hotspot gets over very fast on 4g and after all this i'm supposed to ask the person nicely who is supposed to handle these problems because idk anything in mumbai great
User 1: you have to talk to her nicely if you scream why will she make like if my son screamed at me and was like yeh karo woh karo i would've been like stfu khud karo maybe she started doing that too talk to her properly and respectfully then she'll do for you oh baba
User 2: nothing like that after i screamed then she started doing everything remember my mom told you that i toh don't talk much only when my surgery was going on. this is the reason i have nothing good to say to them so i don't talk they have been like this since forever
User 1: aiyooo how do you stayyy
User 2: by myself at least i become independent like that everyone minds their own business it's not healthy it e just the way it is now that i screamed one day mai they got the shower guy, lights and i got the wifi so yeah that just don't want to do it i feel nevermind i had specifically told dada to get a good shower head he bought the cheapest metal type one his amnesia is not helping either i can't deal with my family and you want me to stay with my parents after marriage. how can i expect you to go through the same thing
User 1: aiyooo that's why you dunno how to family i'll teach np
User 2: i dunno how to mental stress during fucking vacations
User 1: arre so who is going to be their bhudhape ka sahara
User 2: we'll see
User 1: acha okay
User 2: beautiful hair style whatever you've done to the hair
User 1: thank you you're so sweet hehe i have a solution for your problem you have to learn to let things gi and just be happy with yourself
User 2: accha so what should i do with the problems i can't leave those no
User 1: i told mom i want to buy a gift for you for your bday and all what should i buy karke she asked kab hai bday so i was like bataya toh aapko 5th october same as you so she's like huhhh are you serious so i asked her abhi aur bhi acha lagne lag gaya kya so she's like all the odds are in his favour then she said agar mera beta hota toh mein ekdum uske tarah banati
User 2: lol she doesn't know me then clearly
User 1: let them go
User 2: that is why you keep getting the same problems again and again and again l you keep nudging then away i i cannot possibly do that
User 1: ohoo
User 2: i ordered wireless earphones let's hope they are good
User 1: aiyo i was gonna get for you okay i'll get other stuff
User 2: hehe i selected properly so dw get something else only
User 1: okay kapda you ne3d you wear really bad clothes i'll get good stuff np
User 2: i wear old clothes because i hate shopping and only few times a year parents buy clothes so
User 1: i'll buy ohoo
User 2: get full sleeves hehe
User 1: nooo build your muscles just tell me chest ka measurement
User 2: in process medium lalo
User 1: itna heat mein kya measurement tell 
User 2: winter is coming
User 1: arre telll measurement
User 2: thirty-six twenty-four thirty-six
User 1: ohoooooo that's mine tell yours
User 2: lollllll arre baba idk you approximate and get
User 1: arre jen thirty-eight
User 2: mad kya
User 1: why
User 2: wait da fine ill check 36.5 is perfect then accordingly see if its tight fit or not
User 1: aiyooo
User 2: why lol you got 38?
User 1: you gain weight and come
User 2: hahaha ya da dw i gots it mom told dad that i'm not talking to her so dad is like tell me at least. i told him all the problems and then told him that it doesn't make sense me talking and screaming so i'll talk when i want to i think he understood told them to leave me be because everytime i come i get bt instead of relaxation atleast might get non jain food
User 1: dear parent of dikshita kothari, ask your child to log onto no i haven't bought for you yet i can't buy in kolkata da i'll not like anything here i'm going to dress very hot this semester all new clothes i'm gonna buy in delhi after all i have 35k to spend hahahahhahahahahahhaa i feel too rich okay so we were at cherrapunji yday today we've come to this village called maullyngong it's an actual village so dinner was maggi we're staying in this locals house no hotels here it's called a homestay very cute small rooms exactly like a hostel but a homestay has only 34 rooms it's damnnnnn nice my period is treating me well just yday was troubling cause of the steps and all and 2nd day now it's gonna get easier today is the last but one night after this we're going back to shillong and then day after we're back to guwahati i feel all this would've been a great exp for you i don't think you've ever taken a trip like this you would've cribbed but you would've enjoyed it cute jen  i'm pooping heheh
User 2: what is this baby woohooo  good exp chalo good at least trip is saved matlab? nooo we are also going to proper villages and all only in the north is it a good bathroom lol post ati sundar
User 1: yess no chubby?
User 2: my brain doesn't see all this anymore sorry dudeee
User 1: hehe
User 2: yesterday i was dreaming about you idk what
User 1: non hain jain
User 2: and you're like give the pillow
User 1: what tell
User 2: and in the night i woke up and put the pillow on my left side but i was on the left side so it was in the ground till morning hehe i missed you
User 1: awwww cute awww jen cutie long distance aisa hota hai
User 2: damn sad ya it's okay but pyar strong che
User 1: depression hai ekdum strong
User 2: ae pagal duriya bhi hai zaroori plus you're on a vacation
User 1: i'm not pagal i know
User 2: aww baby you video call me whenever
User 1: its not the same
User 2: arre ab kya kare it's life hona toh hai yeh there hai yaa less than two months remaining for manipal we'll meet no cutie
User 1: yaaa good only
User 2: what plans for today honey
User 1: back to shillong
User 2: full evening at the resort?
User 1: what resort it's oyo rooms yuck with kids we don't take resort cause don't want them to get used to the rich life plus it's cheaper
User 2: lolll so what you gonna do
User 1: omg why pink
User 2: zahras gift from her bf da it's her bday
User 1: that's exp you have to take it in light
User 2: oho
User 1: sorry i didn't mean like that just say8ng gen
User 2: it's fine idc man
User 1: i have never had a macaron
User 2: beautiful
User 1: nice you love makeup too much
User 2: no da 
User 1: are you gay
User 2: i'm just showing you south bombay no honey
User 1: okay i have seen enough
User 2: what you doingggg
User 1: then gonna do some street shopping
User 2: naughty ooo idm hehe thanjs
User 1: not for you i'll buy but you have to use everyday it's a very beautiful thing i'm getting for everyone for you bday type gift separate
User 2: you know i use everythingggg you buy lel i showed my friends bump sheep also hehe and told them that's how i started hitting in you dude zahra five year old neighbor made a card and all for her. so they had got a cake too. luckily i was there because it was after eight flavor remember that mint chocolate mom got that one
User 1: yummmm i love it awww this hotel is pretty bad it's too tiny the toilet is like a port a potty anyway last night here tomorrow i'll sleep at home hehe is it working nopeeee two seconds i got then it went again
User 2: shi last day tonight kya ya i didn't get a miss call also ya sorry i just got a miss call i just came back baby
User 1: okay i'm going to go to sleep gn
User 2: aww okay call as soon as you reach home video call love you honey goodnightttt
User 1: hi bb reaching home at ten pm will call then missed video call
User 2: gm honey chashmish hehe
User 1: hehe
User 2: gm on your way home? how you going back lol
User 1: car lunch first
User 2: aiyo such a long drive excluding the natural beauty of the vacation you really had to compromise on a "vacation" i feel stupid kids ish
User 1: it's okay i'm getting hong kong disney cause awesome marks
User 2: when but
User 1: that idk cause vidushis sets are coming too expensive so i'll have to wait she's getting the best things dude mine are damn second choice i'm only selecting so i'm selecting the best for her now we'll have to wait jadau set also nani is getting mine made 10 smaller damn sad
User 2:  you relax man already there is going to be shit ton jewelry only girl has to look beautiful relax baby car ride started ?
User 1: nah gng i want to select man i won't wear if it's not my choice what's the point
User 2: oh wait i didn't read yours is being made smaller lollll it's fine doctor  engineer fair enough it's fine man. you don't even need make up. what makes you think that jewelry itna zyada accha dikhayega you don't need only all these extra we finally booked the hostels woohoooo it's onnn
User 1: that's pretty rude i could've done it i just don't want to clean other people's ulti potty
User 2: kya hi bolu im also there lolll
User 1: memory is good
User 2: true it is pretty disgusting no doubt
User 1: bewakoof ho tum it's pure wealth
User 2: dekh liya woh toh maine
User 1: price goes only up
User 2: its fine man
User 1: good good enjoy maybe i'll get it done
User 2: i toh will be crying after seeing how beautiful you are. only you'll have fun at thee wedding lol
User 1: you're madddddddd 
User 2: true but so much kharcha cant be done in sucha ashort span no. dw your future sets that are made after vidushis wedding will be upto the mark dude now toh im applying for random internships just to seee which ones i can get before rejecting them
User 1: ya exactly hers is going to some 2cr but what sets jen all colours ka stones plus diamond plus one gold set god alone knows what's happening what internship are you doing ?
User 2: arre the one with ankur i told you na the scam one you'll find out soon dw but first find a guyatleast its damn funny how the jewelry is ready but the guy ka no scene did more bio datas come forward me allll
User 1: no khali upar upar se there's something some diamond ka people and one chemical ka people when does it start ? according to her patri we can't start searching before two thousand and nineteen december the match won't be proper and i kind of believe it she is not in a state to get married rn
User 2: it started lol. i have to go max once a week if not none
User 1: acha
User 2: why lol
User 1: noo
User 2: ohh
User 1: she needs counselling
User 2: idhar hi lol kya hua
User 1: bombay
User 2: sort
User 1: don't wanna send to bombay shit city
User 2: parents or you
User 1: full family no quality of life
User 2: high quality of life. but yes more cons
User 1: noooo quality of life means not that lots of places to eat and enjoy it means having luxury big bigger biggest no scene in mumbai my mumbai cousins themselves said quality of life is better in smaller towns
User 2: even i say  not this but okay
User 1: less money gives more
User 2: true true
User 1: cheaper labour
User 2: but in what place that also matters no all that is here also dw
User 1: mumbai is a shit city i will die but i'll never go there no
User 2: okay sanki ladki i still havent met mayur and all even once so pissing off those people are
User 1: correct meet why ?
User 2: they don't reply on the group properly then we made today ka plan and out of no where rujuta is like monday i have exam so let's meet only for one hr. last week when the plan was made she didn't say anything fucking one hr i'll waste in travel to meet for one hr i'm not stupid
User 1: you don't want to meet then say that don't simply find excuses and don't think so much
User 2: arre no wth why won't i not want to meet them 
User 1: then go meet
User 2: this i did when jishnu tried to make a plan 
User 1: lol okk
User 2: she'll make plan tomorrow
User 1: flight i have acha okk
User 2: angry young woman you are when
User 1: ya that's what i'm saying
User 2: fight?
User 1: i've started losing patience flight
User 2: when da
User 1: now
User 2: because of me only i feel
User 1: i'm in the flight one hour acha one guy was here
User 2: oo accha okay and
User 1: he was pushing ritesh to go ahead in that chota aisle i screamed excuse me stop pushing him he's just a child the guy said sorry sorry and then one more uncle in the front screamed at him so i was like theek hai i didn't fuck up
User 2: loll how old did he look
User 1: twenty-five
User 2: pagal sala
User 1: i've started looking like i'm in 12th lol
User 2: see when you're right never be afraid to show your authority people will back you up is that good or bad lek
User 1: yes good
User 2: arre meri hottu hehe
User 1: hehe i'm in the carrrr
User 2: back home?
User 1: yesss
User 2: i'll call in ten
User 1: i'll call you wait nana has come from chennai for some meeting he's leaving tomorrow so i'll call later don't sleep i'll tell you what he did and all for the election he got an award rajasthan shree
User 2: yes honey
User 1: jen i'm free are you sleeping i'm pooping i'll shower okay ttyl this place is too hot i was happier in the hills
User 2: i couldn't accept only loll
User 1: y
User 2: option only wasn't coming  i'm playing pubg i'll call in a bit hehe
User 1: ok
User 2: naughty karne nahi dete
User 1: lolll you're cute but don't irritate
User 2: jeez fine didn't even say anything
User 1: awww cute see whatcha up to ?
User 2: courseraaaa you go have a bath and call
User 1: i had a bath but now how to call i've put lacto and all hehe
User 2: cutie
User 1: hehe trip was gooood kids are stupid but they're entertaining now i know what not to do
User 2: too much they irritated?
User 1: while training my kids nooo i developed a tactic in all car rides i had to play the music okay so whichever child didn't listen to me didn't get to suggest any songs so then they all did what i said except one time when ritesh didn't let me sit on the window seat but like that was fine then i used to threaten i was like if you don't dash right now i'll shut the music and our earphones for myself what happened jenn
User 2: aiyo hitler mean only
User 1: ya so they didn't irritate
User 2: coursera sorry let em free thoda at least
User 1: like aux se connected tha my phone i would remove the aux and put earphones so that only i can hear haan they can irritate mom it was her idea anyway
User 2: your mom is too strict like in few days ways
User 1: maybe
User 2: you're toh used to it no dikshita i want to come to vidushis weddinghhh
User 1: okay done it's gonna be so good she's not strict da it's in bikaner tho december two thousand and twenty mostly
User 2: compulsory,?
User 1: moms seen it she likes it let's get it done ! woohooo
User 2: mujhe kya hai i toh just have to wait
User 1: haaan
User 2: jheal asked me about your trip today lel
User 1: what did you say ?
User 2: she's like unko ghumna bahut pasand hai i'm like yeah i miss it
User 1: yaaaaaa we loveeee travel kahin bhi kabhi bhi russia ka sunoge you'll go maaaad russian circus first row tickets
User 2: what's there
User 1: russian ballet taming of the shrew gold tickets it's the best circus in the world
User 2: no clue oooo it's an old people trip no but you would have actually gotten bored
User 1: maybe nit cause it's abroad idgaf about the company i just wanna see it all
User 2: aiyo no after a point it gets irritating but test yeah i can't wait for an abroad trip ya when will we go for a trip
User 1: never you're too lazy no jk why you no text me
User 2: i want to daaaa
User 1: ab when idk
User 2: these guys were like call dik assisi i was like she has internship so ish
User 1: yaaa 25th june na damn my internship ends on 28tg
User 2: we are going to kasol on 29th
User 1: chaalllooooo
User 2: aajao
User 1: delhi only be na
User 2: no man
User 1: arre how will i drive alone
User 2: himachal
User 1: haan via delhi
User 2: chandigarh
User 1: i feel scared to go alone how are you gonna travel booked cars or bus
User 2: we booked a ten seater for entire trip ez
User 1: good one who does from chandigarh man stay in dels na i'm sleepy now
User 2: it's saving us four hours on travel baby
User 1: oh good than
User 2: i asked harshit he said he's not sure what will i do but my flight is refundable
User 1: arre what's his prob good stayyy mine is not refundable
User 2: lol i'll talk to him tomorrow again
User 1: yaaaa 8thh arre but then i won't be able to chill you don't wait
User 2:  soja jaan i love you goodnight
User 1: puchi
User 2: fattuuuuu cow on a bull hahahahahah
User 1: so mean
User 2: hehe
User 1: now only i did exercise
User 2: gym?
User 1: ya
User 2: good girl wait i'll have a bath and cone
User 1: 40lbs seated row
User 2: ooo stronger everyday
User 1: some ten kgs ka step up sir went mad today
User 2: this is fine only it's goos do do are you going to see that got ka thing that released yesterday
User 1: no leave it
User 2: hahhahah arre it's behind the scenes type you don't want to watch?
User 1: nah got irritated me
User 2: you're not alone better farewell butttt
User 1: don't want dhatt time pass
User 2: man i told them to increase my food they aren't listening to that also diet nahi increase kiya toh how to gain weight ish
User 1: what are you doing diet and all just gym na that's enough
User 2: exercising reduces fat ie weight. toh khana to padeg na
User 1: stupidooo
User 2: you stupid call after lunch
User 1: okk missed video call i called what jen i'm gonna take a shower now okk
User 2: sorry
User 1: earpods ? missed video call after kaya i'm gng to party with the girls
User 2: you go. but i can't talk when you're doing one hundred things i'm talking and you're looking idhar udhar means what baat karo matlab itna distracted hone ka zaroorat nahi
User 1: sorry i have work actually oh this one cute no let it be
User 2: what work
User 1: aiyooo what is this
User 2: .
User 1: kaya naaa
User 2: scratching because if the tony shits
User 1: aww
User 2: while video call okay
User 1: but it's so small huh noo
User 2: i asked you why you were so distracted durinh the video call you said you had work and then work is kaya. and then you're saying no so idk what you're saying
User 1: no i mean i had to reply to rishabh for that the screen was getting shut then i had to check the time mom ka jewellery ka work tha insta pe so i did that
User 2: everything during the call only you have to do itne dino ke baad finally time mila nevermind
User 1: i don't have time you can text if you want
User 2: ok
User 1: ya
User 2: hi
User 1: hi jen i'm at kaya wassup
User 2: how's it going painful cos of too much hair? 
User 1: overrr good good eat is that supposed to be funny
User 2: why are you so short tempered
User 1: what happened
User 2: i jk going to a haunted fort lel
User 1: drinking lel
User 2: i saw pranitis snap. you look veryyyy nice new top?
User 1: thanks i woke up like this
User 2: a1 since day1 you know it girllll
User 1:  jen are you awake pls say yes cutes
User 2: yessss
User 1: hi jen
User 2: hi drunk girl
User 1: wait ten mins
User 2: okayyu
User 1: hi coochi see snap
User 2: sawwww pretty earrings
User 1: thanks hehe
User 2: i think you need mire gifttttr
User 1: i need more gifts whytt i look a little chubbs
User 2: why not
User 1: in pranus snapstory
User 2: praniti said you lost weight don't be stupid beautifull :')))
User 1: hahaha it's okay jen you're sweet don't go mad last sem jaise
User 2: yessss what you doing
User 1: talking to you
User 1: you only said time nahi mika this that this your dad ?
User 2: harshit daaaaaa
User 1: wtf r u serious why he looks really bad sans beard
User 1: what is that rubbish chashma
User 2: francais classy
User 1: it's english i wore my fav heeks heels they're awesome wanna see ? guess the brand and i'll send you a naughty pic
User 2: perf sans is without
User 1: yup i know
User 2: aiyo how am i supposed to decode this
User 1: hahahah so no naughty pic for jen what jen
User 2:  tommyyyy
User 1: hahaha n9 wtf absolutely not minus fifteen points . i'm rooting for you jen go for it
User 2: steve madden
User 1: i don't own anything from steve madden sadly
User 2: zara yet
User 1: no nahh
User 2: idk
User 1: hahahah oops sup jen how was your day
User 2: it was goood. productive
User 1: what did you do cutie
User 2: then i went to some random isolated places it was coldddd bhoootttt haunted
User 1: the hell whyy
User 2: then i saw where flamingos come during migration why not dik then i saw salt farms funnnn
User 1: that sounds pretty dull tbh
User 2: who all went for the dinner
User 1: aatreyi suhani
User 2: hat motu
User 1: pranu
User 2: pranu changes her countries like no one's business
User 1: hahhaahaha learn something
User 2: must travel must
User 1: how will you manage with me otherwise imma gonna change byeee wait don't sleep
User 2: i want to seeeee dw
User 1: hahah
User 2: dikha hi nahi shish
User 1: kya
User 2: . hehe i like to do naughty all the time last semester dikshita dekhlo kitna hold back karna hai :p
User 1: nahi milega kuch bola na reason bhi diya
User 2: such is life
User 1: baar baar same cheez don't do it's not easy for me either cutie i like you jen
User 2: i know honey
User 1: but i have to tell you something
User 2: you toh have direct effect i know it's fine i get it tell honey
User 1: i am horrible at ldr so all the best to you hahah
User 2: aww why do you say that
User 1: cause i've done it and i called it off cause it was a long distance
User 2: which one was this
User 1: mah8kan mahiman
User 2: accha
User 1: there was only one before you cutie
User 2: you were a lot then no small
User 1: a lot ? let's hope i've changed then ?
User 2: you're grown so much in manipal only thoda aur ho joage
User 1: ughhhhhh
User 2: tension toh hota hai. ldr hard bhi hoga par karna toh hai
User 1: haaaaan aur aapne bola no for mumbai toh i'm satisfied i cannot mumbai
User 2: everything will fall into place
User 1: kaun karega you toh don't believe in god
User 2: you and me :)
User 1: hhahaha just you all the best i don't have itna shakti cutie jenny
User 2: ab nahi karoge tum toh mai kya hi bolu effort tumhara bhi jayega
User 1: hahahaha
User 2: nahi toh won't work
User 1: haaaaaaan ldr chi thu
User 2: tumhare bina toh mai pandit banuga
User 1: means ?
User 2: sanyasi priest
User 1: achaaaa aisaaaa
User 2: nothing doing with female gender
User 1: blackmail hahahah gay
User 2: kya blackmail. sach hai i will masturbate full life
User 1: kara dena ldr fir
User 2:   get used to the idea. worst case scenario type prepared raho baas
User 1: isliye maine aapko bataya mera worst fear ldr
User 2: i prepare you?
User 1: woh kaise hoga hey bhagwan ldr paar karade
User 2: dekho life mai many challenges will come. some are worth the effort some or just not. nahi pata  agar worth it hai relationship toh apne aap ho hayega nahi toh just think, you want to defeat vidushi and mohtashim ka relationship length or no 
User 1: i'm scared
User 2: me too honey
User 1: lol just nethraa agrim tbh
User 2: ew can't even count fake
User 1: ew
User 1: hehe
User 2: tension lena toh padega. par one good thing is
User 1: cutei haan say
User 2: that for me, for the first time, my optimistic thoughts and realistic thoughts regarding our relationship are almost converging so at least a good start
User 1: mine toh
User 1: i can feel all my optimism going to the dirt
User 2: why honey
User 1: i wasn't able to do it before ab kaise
User 2: kya hi bolu
User 1: see kuch hojaega dekha jaega
User 2: but why tell
User 1: i feel i'll not be able to do i'll become sad then you'll become sad then sad sad depressed
User 2: persistence baby
User 1: i'm a happy child i'm scared of sad
User 2: pyar bhi persist nahi karega kya sameeeeee
User 1: ho jaega test hojaega max
User 2: relationships mai ups and downs ke bina kya swaad baas. baki exams ki tarah ace karlo sort
User 1: hehe done
User 2: i love you three thousand poochie jo hoga so hoga, saath mai handle karege
User 1: three thousand heh3 gn
User 2: i love you cute booty goodnight
User 1: booty
User 2: gm
User 2: what happened to you last night honey. do you still want to talk about it?
User 1: noo
User 2: hangover? gym?
User 1: n9 ya
User 2: arre wah good good man i always wake up when the guys timings are over 
User 1: hahahah go at night don't miss gym too good alcohol kahlua tequila jaegerbomb
User 2: wah fancy
User 1: yas
User 2: tasty main toh
User 1: i'm fancy only jennn
User 2: good you can't cheap alcohol lolll
User 1: i can cheap alcohol also jen what jenn
User 2: don't then lol i'll get limon no and vidushi just misses me too much. that's why sees me everywhere one more point
User 1: correct hopefully she said tell him i love him hopefully
User 2: i love you i love her tooo dudeee i need to tell you about these mumbai people ka exams omg science is so much worse
User 1: what tell today i did a lotttt of weights twenty lbs each hand
User 2: bicep?
User 1: and then 16kgs each hand nooo some single hand row idk i'll send you a video kaushik aditya and i did
User 2: good good video call too many stories
User 1: wait i'm hungry
User 2: yeah yeah after i get back heavy meal plis
User 1: very hungry
User 2: aiyo what is this video sess
User 1: hahahahah three 1min plank back to back thirty sec rest
User 2: goodd lol we met with mini accident scooter wale ka fault
User 1: missed video call jennn all good ?
User 2: yes yes lol they were muslims but they realised their fault and didn't say shiy that boys parents came and all started screaming at him lol
User 1: okayy lollll good one
User 2: aunty asked me how fast he was i was like bro code in effect
User 1: hahaha
User 2: i was like no no aunty he was slow but because he broke the signal that's why this is definition of bro code and not what you think
User 1:  just stop talking lol i'm gng to sleep bb i'm damn tired one hour i'll get sleep missed video call
User 2: pura time you're having bath only kya motu you didn't bath after gym? dirty
User 1: nooo i have to shower nowww and leave for shopping new clothes girls day out
User 2: oooo
User 1: oh i didn't tell you
User 2: where tho  in cal
User 1: my mom and my sister don't get along like my mom and me
User 2: yes you did t
User 1: yes
User 2: i thought she was the favorite kid
User 1: like how your relationship is with your mom waise my sis and mom she is
User 2: loll i'm normal with mom now. chill it is who all girla
User 1: mom me vidushi
User 2: and how did this come up lol
User 1: so it's a big thing that three of us are gonna go
User 2: haw i didn't know that enjoy don't fight
User 1: that's what na with this we're wanting a more work ka blouse i'll call you later this style
User 2: with this kapda that style won't look that great no
User 1: ya i'm still thinking missed video call
User 2: not getting network baby
User 1: okkk
User 2: exactly what vidushi was bitching aboutlelll
User 1: she's toh like buy fast fast na i was like keep quiet
User 2: i told you not to fight toh pagal what did mom sau
User 1: i didn't fight da no one fought we were discussing
User 2: why can't you wear shorts to gym aiyo get the hot oneeeee end with a band lek arre let her buy her own atleast she doesn't steal bras like you lol it's still weird removing your bra when i know vidushi has worn it too 
User 1: why you no reply
User 2: wear proper blouse on saree
User 1: as in ? slept kya you're such a sleepy boy come to kolkata for a week holiday type aajao jennn missed video call jen
User 2: mom told to have breakfast sorry qlso if you haven't snuck out with the car then are you really an indian kid? these are long type blouses no
User 1: hahaha look at the time eat lunch direct
User 2: i toh want you to look like a proper hot indian aunty i always have breakfast and then house later lunch  how you wake up so early nowadays i'm too impressed when da. pure vacation time isn't matching internship time full day you'll be busy and i toh don't know anyone then july you're going to delhi
User 1: what tell have done it vidushi drove hahhahah don't do like this do i look like a behnji ? i look old kya this week pranu ke saath chill karo pura kolkata ghumaegi
User 2: you do alone then only it counts aareeeee. bhenjis don't wear that wtf mad kya mature beautifull what if i fall for her then :p
User 1: kya jen reply
User 2: itme messages i sent da your internet is bad lokll i just got this message at 12:15
User 1: lolll i'm at kaya noooo how did this happen i used to look like a baby
User 2: you're twenty-one chotu baby beauty increasing day by day you will look different nonetheless cute af coochie you are
User 1: okay works for moi hehe
User 2: painful removal?
User 1: nah for the vag they use anaesthetic cream so no pain there at all baki i'd done on monday itself
User 2: you said front and back also left no
User 1: ya that doesn't hurt at all thin hair as it is na follow my trainer on insta heheh i'm gonna go to sleep nowwww i'm sleepy you toh slept nicely my turn
User 2: you home? lol no
User 1: ya
User 2: beauty is sleeping for eleven hours
User 1: i finished
User 2: beautifull thanks for the gift :p
User 1: lolll enjoyed ?
User 2: you will sleep now na  duhhh
User 1: yaaaaaa
User 2: bra toh was too good
User 1: i'm gonna sleep
User 2: why does vidushi buy such ones lolll
User 1: i'll steal it ?
User 2: duh
User 1: hahah
User 2: you don't ask stupid questions pls
User 1: i'll order my own skimpier bralette jaisaa
User 2: i'm always yes for such decisions
User 1: hahahah naughty jenny
User 2: ss toh bhejo
User 1: kya
User 2: good camera lol i feel i'm done with zipline kitna karege bapre
User 1: hahahah i love it what r u upto
User 2: so their exams just ended we going to drinkkk but at a deetee type place lol
User 1: enjoy lol
User 2: i'll text later i'm driving noww
User 1: okay cutie
User 2: hi honey i'm tipsy
User 1: hi honey i had a beautiful dream nightmare type
User 2: gm i totally forgot that i have to go to office today tell
User 1: officeeee so you've seen a quiet place na
User 2: yes
User 1: so those animals had come
User 2: your family has a love hate relationship with kids lol congrats on killing everyone animal tho why with pistol dp28 lete
User 1:  idk meeting pranu today wondering if i should praise you lol i'm jk hate other people's kids cause they're brats love own
User 2: prolly fair enough arusha wants to meet how to say no because this will be second time i'm saying no
User 1: lol be like i don't wanna meet you
User 2:  have to be thoda fake dikshita man that guy wasted so much time today aisho
User 2: where are you with the boizzz
User 1: alladin
User 2: how is it tell me i might go on saturday tell me if i will like it not you
User 1: i loved it if you're smart you'll like it
User 2: you don't say all this man it's not toooo kiddish no like my comment no
User 1: i deleted it
User 2: ish wuss
User 1: kyun aise unnecessary
User 2: a) he can go fuck himself if he thinks such a beaut girl is a behenji. it's his loss he didn't get you. he doesn't have to shove his ugly face into everything.
User 1: he was just joking na jen
User 2: but i'm bored na dikshita  how come you started drinking before movie maddo where you partying tonight
User 1: why so rude jen hehe aise hi no where today two movies
User 2: idm whichhhhhh khane nahi khaoge toh bat nahi karunga
User 1: acha nhi kiya aapme
User 2: manipal also no food vacation also no food mad kya idc
User 1: why simply making things tough for me jenb i ate a lot
User 2: what tough it will become for you, you explain me before giving me bs what don't lie vidushi won't lie
User 1: i have to go na
User 2: wah both meals youre not eating greatttt
User 1: why can't i be normal bb
User 2: be where did i stop man. you enjoy with him who is stopping you you let me be how i am
User 1: acha
User 2: you stop changing me so much it's not nice anymore what about this
User 1: i won't eat
User 1: stop changing me
User 2: cool don't eat become a skeleton your bum will go boobs will also go cute cheeks will also go then you will loose your white color also if you don't want that you have to eat
User 1: no i won't eat because you want to behave like an ass
User 2: popcorn khalena at least reflexes
User 1: learn to be above it jen i won't eat shit
User 2: okau
User 1: anyways lunch dinner nahi higa
User 2: which movie are you going for  kuch toh dalo body mai
User 1: de pyaar something
User 2: oh yeah i saw lol nvm. bye enjoy
User 1: bye lol
User 2: done with movie?
User 1: no
User 2: okayy
User 1: done
User 2: itna lateeee
User 1: yaaa
User 2: call me?
User 1: i'm at a house party
User 2: oh whose what scene you don't tell me only anything anymore
User 1: i have no idea vedvats ka mom ka friends place
User 2: ooo
User 1: i have a headache
User 2: who all
User 1: wanna go back
User 2: but good booze
User 1: but seeing cool new things so it's okay
User 2: like?
User 1: saw two movies today got alc
User 2: haha yeah i saw in the picture
User 1: you disappoint me sometimes jen you're cute tho
User 2: what did i do who all are there at the party
User 1: i don't know maasis friends how will i know
User 2: ooo drinking with the oldies hehe good good do if head is aching too much don't chalo goodnight darling
User 1: i can't help it challo gn
User 1: cutie jenn
User 2: i love you bb ewww how bad was it gmm
User 1: gm it wasn't bad aftertaste was like sauf
User 2: whattt sort but toooo mind fucking no
User 1: no i was sleepy actually
User 2: two movies you'll go for back to back what will happen is okay when does your internship start baby
User 1: three rd
User 2: oo monday okay do you want to see what i would look like of i was a sardar
User 1: yes wah carbon copy is this you or someone else ?
User 2: even mom didn't deny kaustubhs brothers friend i get a better beard plis yo not insult
User 1: okayy yes maybe
User 2: ????
User 1: hahaha
User 2: dude the back benchers in my class are really working hard for the placements need to step up my game 
User 1: haha do what are you going to do
User 2: they don't allow python  so i'll have to revise c then solve one hundred questions online arghhh yesterday ankur and i made a list of things to do so i hope all these smart kids get a ppo so that lesser competition lol
User 1: why so sad i would be happy if i had to revise shit i already know
User 2: yeah but like coding with that is slower no could have been worse tho so eh. might not can the plan with arusha you suggest which movie. alladin or pikachu. after that we'll go have iftar food lol yayyy
User 1: one movie noob go for pikachu
User 2: obviously i don't have your strength to watch two mvoie back to back girl hehe you went to the gym? replyyyyyy
User 1: gymmmm
User 2: lunch time who goes aiyo but good at least you're going everyday lol we are going here toooo
User 1: rohtang is great it's snow but not cold
User 2: dikshita less than twenty is cold for me you should know that going to get a goooddd cold there i have cold rn in the summer loll
User 1: lol kuch bhi zero imunity
User 2: cold and i have been enemies since forever doctor said remove his tonsils and his full year wala cold will go it worked for a few years but back to square one why aren't you meeting pranu more oftennnn
User 1: loll met her yesterday and day before and before that she was in milan
User 2: oh you didn't tell me about yesterday. bahut busy ho al to
User 1: kya
User 2: i didn't know you met pranu i meant
User 1: lol i see
User 2: okay where are youuuuu call is not reaching
User 1: sleeping just woke up
User 2: aww cuti freshen up what scenee
User 1: seven pm they're coming home for games 8.30 pm " please don't talk " 10.30 pm parking lot twelve mbar
User 2: aisho what are these games i dont even know how do you have sooo many and in manipal you barely have anything this is sem only you got whatever you got
User 1: this is a gastropub this is also a pub
User 2: tell me about these
User 1: and so is this
User 2: oh you're going bar hopping?
User 1: so funny jen yesss 
User 2: see now that was confusing its not my fault lol
User 1: lolll if you say so
User 2: dude your vacations are toh damn fun
User 1: you donno how to vacay
User 2: every day something new is planned
User 1: loll
User 2: you have no time to get bored
User 1: i have to shower
User 2: arghh
User 1: they're coming at seven
User 2: sikhado
User 1: party dikshita don't feel sorry for yourself that's the first rule
User 2: but what if i miss you. i have to be sorry no
User 1: lolll ya be sorry you don't live in kolkata
User 2: see now this is pushing it im glad hehe chilling wwith you and pranu could be fun tho hmmm jk i love you text call whenever free honey okay then
User 1: lols
User 2: kiss karooooo
User 1: puchi
User 2: parents are like what do you want for 21st dad is packing nineteen t-shirts for eight days loll mom is like let him do what he wants i can't help it
User 1: i'm getting drunk bbye
User 2: okayy
User 1: hey jen i partied hard yday idk what i did lol i don't remember shit home hello my phone is back i'm not buying new i was toooooooooo drunk last night remember cocks and mocks first year that drink idk how these guys got me back my hair looks like a shampoo advertisement
User 2: gm honey haha yeah i saw bits
User 1: hahah
User 2: you didn't call also after peeing hehe
User 1: huh i don't remember lols
User 2: you're like no don't see me i have to wear underwear 
User 1: huh
User 2: nexus kaha se fix hua
User 1: missed video call dad got it done i can't video
User 2: sorttt
User 1: i hate your earpods chi i can't hear only in that
User 2: what is wrong with praniti i will not understand at all i didn't connect only toh 
User 1: you were putting it na
User 2: such a beautiful girl. that guy looks like he's thirty
User 1: why
User 2: yeah then you hund up lol
User 1: lols see the pucs
User 2: dragon berry piya?
User 1: pics idk what's that ?
User 2: hahah yeah praniti was too concerned when she called me sawww
User 1: about what ? aiyo
User 2: post group ka jisme sab hai
User 1: i didn't wanna give anyone bt
User 2: youuu
User 1: which as in ?
User 2: ask them lol you were too drunk hiney
User 1: shit i'm pretty embarassed i called kaushik and thanked him vicky also i'll call
User 2: this
User 1: i wanna vomit
User 2: aisho gogo
User 1: chi i look so bad
User 2: huh why these people no honey never
User 1: they only got me back both my bros too good this maybe
User 2: these people didn't kya lol
User 1: we were all together kaushik vicky
User 2: niche woh pagal anuvrat ka finger hai
User 1: vedant vatsal
User 2: ohhh
User 1: too drunk
User 2: why aren't those guys in the pics and tooooo many shots i saw on your story
User 1: they were clicking
User 2: i was like gaye inlog
User 1: we forgot to click with them hahah
User 2: lollll
User 1: true
User 2: hahaha you get ready and text me we have to discuss my 21st
User 1: i'm not gonna drink
User 2:  dude harshit was going to blore from manipal and their bus met with an accident luckily they rammed into a concrete pillar otherwise directly they would have gone off the cliff there was so much blood conductor ka hisnright leg cut in half he was saying bapre that boy just can't catch a breaj
User 1: aiyo what aiyooo
User 2: damn bad but hes safe so its fine hes back at his cousins place now mostly so hello gymmmm
User 1: no gym hungover
User 2: i saw your snap lol your face looks so beaten up
User 1: huh
User 2: you look worn out honey download pubgggg wait it's vidushis birthday today?
User 1: ya ya i'm tired gonna sleep full day today i really wanna vomit if i eat anything straight i'll puke
User 2: drink water and get it out
User 1: okk ya play
User 2: you update
User 1: yaa last. night
User 2: what last night
User 1: was too much for me
User 2:  why did you go so hard
User 1: idk the shots tasted like juice kuch laga hi nahi
User 2: accha you got fucked for no reason kya 
User 1: ya
User 2: pagal have a bath
User 1: i did missed video call
User 2: jheal came ttyl
User 1: acha okay
User 2: hi honey
User 1: hello cute dp
User 2: hehe thanks how was dinner bad material earrings kya?
User 1: hi jen no really heavy call me
User 2: i'll get back and call
User 1: i have to talk urgent i will text not call nvm back where?
User 2: home accha tell sup
User 1: where from ? where are you ? this boy harassed my sister he slapped her and abused her i want you to threaten him that if he contacts my sister in any way then we will break his bones and end his career he is her ex boyfriend and she wants to get back with him currently he has blocked her it should stay that way this morning he told her to buy something from hunke moller and heels from steve madden as a gift for her bday and then when vidushi refused he broke up with her and blocked her i have told vidushi that if she tries to contact him i will tell dad to tell the cops that there is weed in his hostel room and his career will be over and if all that is not possible then i will cut my hand sun chutiye mein vidushi ka bhai bol raha hoon aise karke talk and threaten him can't pick vidushi slept text please
User 2: do you want him to be threatened in bihari the only language he is literate enough to understand
User 1: jaise bhi don't tell vidushi we did anything like this
User 2: aiyo is it fine then fine it'll be done
User 1: it doesn't matter just do it i don't want aisa
User 2: cool
User 1: and tell him that if he tells her that we did something like this
User 2: ya all this is not going to happen
User 1: we will then also end his career
User 2: he slapped her properly no
User 1: don't irritate me jen just do as i'm saying and more idk exact details and jen please i don't want the entire world to know this do not tell anyone
User 2: block him through vidushis phone
User 1: ya i did that i hope you will do it
User 2: dw you sleep
User 1: challo gn
User 2: love you
User 1: love you too
User 2: where does he start hostel or college name something
User 1: ramakrishna mission hospital he's a surgeon
User 2: okay
User 1: gm hua ?
User 2: patience, will get him fucked you dw about that i'll tell you when it happens okay
User 1: okay what are you upto
User 2: tv. dada dadi curfew is strict aiyoo
User 1: as in ?
User 2: they won't sleep till i get back how will i stay out
User 1: migraine sufferers: we have some questions for you https:www.buzzfeed.comvglerumtake-this-poll-if-you-suffer-from-migraines?utmterm.bw3zzexygy.bw3zzexygy this color quiz will reveal when you're getting married https:www.buzzfeed.comdavirochachoose-some-colors-and-well-say-when-youre-getting-married?utmterm.qn5mxrw1l3.qn5mxrw1l3 missed video call sup
User 2: hi honey sorry i forgot my phone in the car and then we took zahras car too much food i had today i had breakfast then in an hour lunch at home then lunch with zahra and shiv then between three of us we had one sizzlong brownie five cupcakes and one choco lava tooooo full
User 1: waaah
User 2: did y'all decorate
User 1: decorate what ?
User 2: house for nileshs birthday dikshita he's fifteen brain is still growing easy
User 1: i won't do pakka
User 2: what kind of guys does vidushi date omg unacceptable af where is her class she is calling me and telling me to apologise to him
User 1: can't do it please i'm feeling bad what if she doesn't come back home scared
User 2: don't be stupid you know i won't.
User 1: no she's mad
User 2: if you want to pussy out from standing for women's rights everytime you please don't ask my help. just ask for opinions you handle your sister the guy will be handled
User 1: okay bas then don't say sorry don't pick vidushi ka call thanks jen  sorry sweetie you had to go through it
User 2: next time he calls i'm supposed to conference kaustubh, he's going to make him speak to a major in the indian army. and dw only he knows no
User 1: okay vidushi should come home that's it
User 2: you should be sorry for being scared and pussying out. rest is rest is my duty
User 1: i'm scared about this
User 2: vidushi is practically my sister at least and if not then a woman you talk to her and get her home vidushi is calling again
User 1: what to do ?
User 2: you started it. take command and don't pussy out. i'm counting on you and i got your back try to an example for your sister it will go well
User 1: okay
User 2: please talk to vidushi
User 1: okay trouble
User 2: tell tell
User 1: can't busy
User 2: update
User 1: something we're sending her to a counselor telling dad in the missing
User 2: good
User 1: morning
User 2: is she at home
User 1: ya drama is just not leaving me this year i'm pretty tired but thanks for helping me jen
User 2: welcome to adulthood forever
User 1: i know it's tough for you as well
User 2: i'm chill lol
User 1: okay good
User 2: used to life's bs sleep dw now i love you goodnight
User 1: goodnight 
User 2: hii ooo first day today i forgot all the best jaan
User 1: thank you ! i'm pooping i couldn't poop properly in the morning cause late lol mera gpa is too much for this work
User 2:  what is the work
User 1: i'll work hard for placements can't be a big fish in a small pond like it's a project on programmable logic controller only a report these guys are all telling me i've become moti i'm not going to eat lunch full month anyway over here no one will tell me anything everyone is busy with vidushi lol for lunch i'll have that eze eats ka kadi chawal and fruits so thin beautiful  donno
User 2: lol sorry sort
User 1: yup
User 2: who
User 1: nilesh
User 2: aishooo hehe what all did he do and you do yesterday
User 1: coffee liquor ka one shot
User 2: ha it's fine just have something
User 1: and hookah made him try the juul
User 2: aiyoo bad sister he's a kiddd
User 1: three puffs he would've taken i will introduce
User 2: are you trying to be the cool sister
User 1: ya
User 2: hi honey sorry don't be
User 1: lol tell
User 2: so in the first call i threatened him and he showed his shit character by saying ha jo karna hai karle then at night he called me and he's like that time someone was there so he couldn't show me his true seld
User 1: ya vidushi
User 2: then i showed him his aukat again but this time sensibly without abusing him
User 1: okay
User 2: and then he's like dekhar baay kar kise kar raha hai agli baar kisko dhamki de raha hai toh just cos he's thirty years old doesn't mean i have to respect him more
User 1: ya true
User 2: vidushi is like he's elder than you so you can't talk like this i'm like he's a surgeon he should at least know how to treat girls
User 1: okay anyway i told her
User 2: then he's like you tell vidushi to stop texting and calling me and i'll do the same
User 1: i asked him to call vivek okay perfect what did she call you and say?
User 2: then i was like ha yahi chaiye and then he tried to say shit and i kept repeating ha baas jo tu bola karle and that's it apologise apologise apologise
User 1: ok ok ok don't apologise mom dad know now they'll handle
User 2: yes good what was their reaction did my name come in between
User 1: ya but i cleared it
User 2: tell toh
User 1: i told them agar main ladka hti toh khud kar leto
User 2: you girls need to learn how to stand up for yourselves. it's just sad to see it happen over and over again ek lafa marti vidushi chup hojata
User 1: yups okk she went bonkers ydsy mom slept with her i slept in mom dads room
User 2: what did she do at home when you said you were busy
User 1: drama suicide threats and all
User 2: aiyo girls do that nothing new it's fine it's not something out of the box easily fixable
User 1: she cut with razor to give pain it seems i was really scared
User 2: it'll heal if she goes to the counselor it will be fine only worry about that only
User 1: ya what stupid people in this world one of them is my sister it's amazing
User 2: it's fine ups and downs are normal
User 1: not in my life dude
User 2: ek razor se kati hai aur ek hath todta hai
User 1: kya kare pagal sab
User 2: you're a kid who doesn't like to face the world facts then how will you go through ups and downs and grow up?
User 1: i don't wanna grow up don't you know that jen i'm happier when i'm naiive wanna just stay
User 2: i'll still be next to you when that boat drowns so eh at least you'll have someone
User 1: haha okay jen you're talking to an optimist btw
User 2: i like to be a realist or a pessimistic. that way either life will not disappoint you or it may even surprise you if the outcome is good so how long will your project take?
User 1: kuch kiya nahi this is a quote if you're an optimist life will give you what you want and you don't have to be depressed all the time
User 2: i just wrote it down lol
User 1: lol
User 2: or life will not give you what you want, which is the case for 99.9999 humans, and that will hurt you and then you will be sad its not like i think only bad things. i want good things to happen and look forward to them but in the back of the time you must keep the murphy's law
User 1: i'm that .00001 optimist yup i ignore it
User 2: isliye sabka katta hai lolll aisho
User 1: mera kab kata
User 2: its fine ill keep it in mind for both of us if the thing is related to us its fine eat fruits and go to the gym honey
User 1: i'm eating how did you know today no gym little drama no
User 2: excuse you want lol i know everythingggg
User 1: noo i'll go later
User 2: okay okay i'll study for a bit now break over text you soon
User 1: got room two hundred and twenty
User 2: download pubg
User 1: single ac i have
User 2: greattt
User 1: i played also
User 2: night good good
User 1: why they didn't give me on the second floor irritating people
User 2: waiting for your transformation:p
User 1: no time lol
User 2: showerrrr i just want to see youuuu
User 1: sad life jen
User 2: i beg return gift for helping your sister or maybe i can ask your sister directly for pics hmmm
User 1: this supposed to be funny ? i didn't laugh ?!
User 2: truth
User 1: i'm very late aiyooooo
User 2: okay
User 1: lols cutie jenny
User 2: i sad
User 1: ya i got it
User 2: forward it then na motu
User 1: just got
User 2: motuuuuuu baby pubggg
User 1: nope sorry
User 2: who alll
User 1: vedant vatsal kaushik
User 2: okay okay text at night we'll play what you doing
User 1: drive
User 2: where lol there's nothing to see
User 1: hahaha you think
User 2: back?
User 1: nope home what happened there's like bridges and all and there's a river no so behind the navy there's a ghat jaisa
User 2: ooo nothing happened just missing you hehe
User 1: hehe
User 2: i'm sleeping more now
User 1: i had a lot of fun today acha okay sleep sleep
User 2: tell me tomorrow what you doing
User 1: haha okay pooping showering
User 2: hehe okay gn
User 1: yaaa good night
User 2: gm
User 1: bad morning
User 2: kya hua
User 1: nothing vidushis drama all day everyday wanna leave and never come back
User 2: morning morning what did she do aiyoo
User 1: leave it jen i'm tired
User 2: ?
User 1: don't wanna video chat please
User 2: okay you're not mad at me right?
User 1: no jen please i'm damn sad and damn tired
User 2: tell me how i can help :) if any way possible
User 1: nah just relax i'm making plan to get out of the house meet pranu and the boys
User 2: work?
User 1: no work na eid mubarak
User 2: loll. today i'm meeting soooo many people. first work at ankurs place, then rujuta and all. and then at 2am school proplr
User 1: enjoy
User 2: at least talk to meee
User 1: i'm trying to make a plan it's difficult cause my curfew is suddenly ten pm when the few friends i have are in town also i can't go out have to meet pranu and vedvats trying to squeeze it in
User 2: because eid. and the muslims there so many aren't even indian you better actually come home on time till day is there start chilling early
User 1: i wish that was the reason ya
User 2: whats the reason then
User 1: leave it na jen
User 2: okay okay my head is hitting ish
User 1: ish
User 2: yesterday aafreen got firni and sheerkurma for us too gooddd
User 1: waah
User 2: kya decide hua baby
User 1: pata nahi
User 2: lol khake sojao video call???
User 1: meeting pranu
User 2: lunch? it's so hot aiyo baby do you want to battle text with me
User 1: what's that
User 2: gameeee play store dude i went to new haircut place that guy literally fucked up and said shitt
User 1: what?
User 2: my haircut it's sooooo bad 
User 1: lol show what's
User 2: you cant see properly but the front is fucked and sides are too short
User 1: what is this horrible
User 2: i wanted to get my eyebrows done but the i was so done with that place lol
User 2: i got a weird boil above my lip see ish otherwise skin is really improving
User 1: i'm wearing boys clothes
User 2: hehe whose show
User 1: vedant only
User 2: but why tho oh did you gym in the evening you look redd rosy cheeksss
User 1: basketball
User 2: ooo good goos
User 1: yaaaa
User 2: i feel j that you wear other boys clothes jk not jk hehe i'm finally meeting rujuta and all after a monthhh
User 1: i wore now lol simply don't do drama wassup how's your party going?
User 2: hibsorry just got back
User 1: hi drunk ? sorry honey
User 2: no i'm sober
User 1: vidushi is asleep
User 2: okay okay
User 1: liar liar whiskers on fire
User 2: we are supposed to meet at 2am lolll
User 1: oh i'm also back
User 2: i'm supposed to score and no one is answering 
User 1: i came at ten
User 2: musnt be sober
User 1: oops
User 2: lolll tell me about your day
User 1: i'm sober ten dude woke up vidushi did some drama mom's told not to call vivek again okay then went to meet pranu went to pick kaushik played basketball with the boys became tired af played two rounds stock exchange got tired again cause vatsals girlfriend was doing drama so he had to go in the middle so stopped the game vedant kaushik and i played pubg
User 2: co. e come online
User 1: did dhoka
User 2: lol which one aisho don't do this toh at alllll msddo
User 1: one only he has i did multiple times three good
User 2: who has girls in all countries
User 1: vedant his clothes only i wrote wore
User 2: wah
User 1: lol
User 2: hypocrite come pubg
User 1: ok i do legit only with vv not everyday
User 2: okay good dikshita i'm so happy rn good j
User 1: haha good one
User 2: i missed you so much
User 1: auto cutie i'll miss you today dw
User 2: wah thanks ha what plans you have you're at the gym?
User 1: i'm at the gym gng to swim
User 2: then do that why you wanna know exes ka names 
User 1: tell toh i'll find out anyway so might as well tell me
User 2: tell why first i'll send
User 1: i said toh i wanna see who's hotter
User 2: i'll give the order no
User 1: okay tell
User 2: mihika sakina aashi rashida
User 1: send pic
User 2: rashida is like below threshold
User 1: haan i knew that haha then why did you go out with her what's your threshold
User 2: she was a rebound type. my excuse for breaking up was so i'm going to manipal byeeee idk that man
User 1: you send pic otherwise i'll see on insta or fb
User 2: go see lol
User 1: hahahah i seeeeee so same excuse you're going to make with me kya
User 2: you're above threshold no you're safe i just woke up lol
User 1:  above mihika ?
User 2: she was a c you're dd so yes
User 2: how much juul are you doing man
User 1: making up for you not much
User 2: true true i deserved better and here you are hehe jhuutiiii
User 1: are you sure jen who deserved better
User 2: ok
User 1: hahah i jk relax
User 2: ok hiii what you do
User 1: lol
User 2: su karech gandi chokri
User 1: party
User 2: everyday that only which board game today
User 1: who can drink the most shots
User 2: hahahha where but
User 1: refinery hahah hi jen do you miss me ?
User 2: yes honey so much
User 1: awwww you're too cute jen
User 2: but you're having fun so i'm happy are you already stinking drinking
User 1: yaaaa your company is to blame
User 2: hat you never do this w me lol thank good talk to meeeee where do you keep disappearingb
User 1: hi cutie no i'm not stinking i smell like roses okay then i was partying jen phone became off
User 2: who this
User 1: mehak
User 2: always aiyo keep charge no maddo
User 1: from sri lanka
User 2: you back??
User 1: need new phone
User 2: loll
User 1: old phone has battery problem ya
User 2: hi tipsy girl
User 1: came back in may only not tipsy get it
User 2: yes 
User 2: what did you do today
User 1: hehe refinery ninety-one wanted to hook mehak with vatsal but nah then left for hm to pick maasi tried clothes cause she was completing her work
User 2: bought?
User 1: noooooo aiyooo time pass clothes
User 2: wah slutty look at your smile haha cutie
User 1: then went to bar stock exchange for singer live music not a nice pic but berry hot i was looking
User 2: toh lana tha na
User 1:  haha kal maybe too much cleavage need proper bra every top ke saath my problem is the same
User 2: what type
User 1: i have no idea skin colour plunge i think
User 2: plunge? ask praniti man she knows everything lol even she has to buy the same ones lol
User 1: haha
User 2: how come you're up so late
User 1: i got back at 1:30
User 2: why arent you tipsyyyy you didnt drink properly kya
User 1: no i got too drunk last time
User 2: ish
User 1: so this time i didn't bother
User 2: what a waste but true
User 1: ya
User 2: man my head was aching till 4pm so i slept till then then got up and had lunch rip sleep
User 1: why on the laptop then
User 2: im working now thoda thoda talking to you i miss cuddling ya i was like dikshita hoti toh sar nahi dukta
User 1: haha
User 2: daba bhi deti
User 1: true haha vedant accidently read a message of yours how much bt i got aiyo which one i'll tell
User 2: no one accidentally reads anything
User 1:  you're already angry nvm i'll not tell
User 2: you have to stare in someone phone. words dont just come in your eyes tellllll
User 1: they do
User 2: tell toh
User 1: that's how i spoilt got season eight epi three . for myself
User 2: werent you home then
User 1: nope i was at their house
User 2: eh its your thing you handle it but i dont like itttt
User 1: lol
User 2: ish
User 1: lol
User 2: what did he say
User 1: five mins he sat eyes ears close karke he's like kya padh liya then he's like nice flirting
User 2: usko bolo toh khud ke kaam se kaam rakhe whats the need to peep in someone elses phone i dont understand kids i tell you
User 1: i was showing him mihikas photo that time you texted aiyooo relax jen
User 2: i kinda knew only you werre showing people all exs ka pics how come that topic suddenly lol
User 1: i wanna know then i needed boys opinion he likes sakina more i'm damn sleepy gn sweetie
User 2: white no okay honey gn please to video call tomorrow else ill die
User 1: no you won't pagal i'll try 
User 2: itna kitna busy ho ki twenty mins nahi dete 
User 1: aiyo what difference will twenty make i'm telling na i'm free after saturday don't do like this jen you know what the situation is like at home you know it's tough you know it's good if i have a distraction
User 2: aiyo don't get serious i know you'll remove time for me if you have it
User 1: then don't say such things
User 2: it was a request not in anger dw honey after saturday itna toh i can wait :p
User 1: everyday i can call after saturday
User 2: relaxxxxx i understand na
User 1: idk why everyone is just making it difficult mom dad also kahan ja rahe ho kab aoge
User 2: okay okay i won't make it difficult
User 1: ten o clock come back don't do it jen pls
User 2: shut up all this is required seeing one daughter is going off the cliff dw honey i wasn't mad also i was just requesting office from what time to what time? and what planssss this shows how stressed you are. dw honey. breathe and one step at a time. don't worry about vidushi. she'll be back on track soonn
User 1: chutti today going to go swimming
User 2: your internship is as scam as mine lollll where do you swim?
User 1: clubs
User 2: i dont even know which clubs you are a member of what to do
User 1: calcutta swimming club ( i'm not a member but vedvats are ) bengal rowing club i'm a member
User 2: oo this i remember dude where are vv actually from like where do they live  and like how are you related to them i never asked lol
User 1: yo they're my close family friends their nana and my nana are best friends so i call their mom maasi cause she and my mom grew up together and went to the same school and all they did their schooling in chennai now they're studying in sp jain vatsal is in dubai next year and vedant will go to sydney sup jen i got belted for using my phone in the gym  i can call you now
User 2: ooo oh both woww i thought only vatsal ish. who will become thin then i'm pooping sorry
User 1: with seventy and 80 scholarship
User 2: for what joy lol
User 1: simply
User 2: wah great my friend left sp jain singapore before even giving his final exams hes like it was so bad. teachers didn't care plus so many drugs lolll
User 1:  probably
User 2: pubg
User 1: nah swimming
User 2: punjabi dinnerrr i like what's that turf video you sent?
User 1: my bro aditya opened it in kolkata
User 2: wah nice dude my bachpan ka friend like since 4th grade they went for rishta today the girl is 17years old plus they want to keep his wedding and his real older brothers wedding together two thousand and twenty jam
User 1: omg r u serious
User 2: he was so depressed today he cancelled his upcoming trips because this other girl is also coming and they have a scene since school on off rn just hookup muslim and jain so they broke up they hooked up at alibaug also lol
User 1: lol jen i'm drunk lol
User 2: heheh good fun night pretty sister
User 1: hahah yaaa hahhaha hi jen are you awake ?
User 2: always for you
User 1: hi cutie wanna chat ?
User 2: yes honey how's the night
User 1: hi cutie nights over i'm at home i was anyway in the adjacent building only chilling in one of the flats lol text me na why no attention to me
User 2: what you mean one of the flats lol
User 1: like full building mein we have flats right so an empty flay is reserved for our smoking up and other things
User 2:  i want to be that rich haha
User 1: can't in bombay ma
User 2: what did you hear about kasol one day some day i guess
User 1: you donno who's loaded in bombay everyone has such hopeless houses
User 2: that's true
User 1: unfurnished tiny disgusting i've always dreamed of a two storey ground floor with kitchen and seating upper floor with rooms dream house
User 2: that's my lonavala bungalow hehe
User 1: four people house  is that unfurnished too ?
User 2: no da even my this house is not unfurnished
User 1: even our spare flat is furnished by an interior designer dude it's two different tiles
User 2: but yeah we don't have space for many show pieces lol
User 1: on the floor not insulting just telling
User 2: arre that's because we bought the other ones years later
User 1: that mumbai is too expensive to show off your wealth
User 2: we asked the building for permission to break the wall we can't so then we never changed it but this one is nice the area cleaner air cold .
User 1: haha but you don't stay there na greattt i heard that it's the place to go when you wanna smoke up all day my bro is there rn if you want i'll ask him all cool places to go
User 2: hahahaha
User 1: and send you list
User 2: shivani sent already
User 1: hahah okay too much weed you'll enjoy
User 2: hash
User 1: i won't give bt about smoking anymore do what you want lol
User 2: these guys don't smoke from a bong because they can't carry on monday mumbau i'll make them try aiyo give thoda bt
User 1: hahaha
User 2: not too much tho
User 1: decide jen
User 2: thoda
User 1: you'll complain to my sister about double standard
User 1: as if now i give you too much weed bt
User 2: that guy doesn't look like me thank good
User 1: uff
User 2: vacations mai no
User 1: apparently you look like kaushik that's scarring af
User 2: that definitely no
User 1: ish ram ram cerci lannister two i've become then
User 2: my face is too generic what to do 
User 1: hhaha
User 2: noooooo don't get drunk and confused and go to won't guy wrong worst, brother
User 1: hhahaah no chiiiiii never yuck
User 2: heheh
User 1: aiyooo i'll not get too drunk without you then
User 2: awww
User 1: otherwise pata chala
User 2: don't
User 1: i went to give a cute cheek kiss and left ka right ho gaya ram ram god forbid
User 2: aiyooo you get drunk with the right people so is fine
User 1: if this happens you'll toh be damn angry with me only i think
User 1: chichiiuu i can't leave this
User 2: kya hi bolu
User 1: you tell me
User 2: aww i need to get new specs you will decide frame
User 1: same gonna get three pairs this time funky classic and modern alternate as and when i wish
User 2: hahaha good good do that
User 1: haha
User 2: i'll start wearing my cool ones for daily hehe
User 1: no bring lenses
User 2: aisho
User 1: it's last re please jen
User 2: okay okay i'll get
User 1: iske baad ka i worry
User 2: normal ones but not colored
User 1: a lot all the time
User 2: you don't give yourself bt
User 1: i always if i think of you now i think about kya hoga so i just keep myself distracted
User 2: jo hona hoga woh toh hoga. let's hope it's good bapre it's okay we'll make the most of this sem
User 1: how to not take bt baby
User 2: trust in love and relationship
User 1: i'd rather trust you and me but okay love it is can't trust something intangible it's always difficult for me to trust emotions
User 2: hawa se nahi aata ye. it comes because if you and me only no but i get your point
User 1: you don't believe in god why expect me to
User 2: i don't
User 1: believe in something you want me to
User 2: meee
User 1: i'd legit rather believe in youb instead of love and all that looks good in movies only
User 2: that's what i'm also saying lol
User 1: real time mein it's the people who get it throighb
User 2: mai karluga chalo dw
User 1: i should do equally
User 2: you just be and stay happy thank you i love you
User 1: ek haath se sirf chata padta hai remember
User 2: wah wah
User 1: challo damn sleepy
User 2: i love you honey goodnightttt
User 1: ilyt gn hi good morning
User 2: gm suppp
User 1: love you cutie
User 2: i love you too
User 1:  what are you upto?
User 2: suddenly why you texting so much it's weird lol just woke up have a cold breakfast time
User 1: okay fuck you aiyo take care
User 2: i like today's breakfast very oilyy hehe
User 1: aiyo what is it? omg what are you eating
User 2: dal toast it's called suppper yummy
User 1: aiyoo
User 2: you've never had this kya?? it's marwari
User 1: don't eat bread jen
User 2: why man i finished full weeds. eight seasons lol
User 1: it's fattening watch jane the virgin three pm paintball four people
User 2: wahhh good plan good day planned man i always feel the void after finishing a good show
User 1: i fuckef up at the gym today
User 2: aishi what you did
User 1: deadlift back gone military press shoulder gone
User 2: you don't know how to do properly then don't baby. technique is very important that's fine. do do all the trainers don't show properly dont dead lift
User 1: trainer was there i only fucked up
User 2: bent your back while going down no
User 1: i did da
User 2: that's the problem you're not supposed to bend  only waist. it's fine
User 1: knees da back was straight
User 2: take rest till whenever it hurts don't go until little pain is also left
User 1: noooo i will train i will ask shivi to do massage then it'll be okay tomorrow i rehit the gym don't you see how nice i look beautiful curves jen beautiful
User 2: curves are nice as long as body is accepting the workout otherwise no point
User 1: no i want shhh
User 2: i'm returning my earphones lol no have to see which ones i want to buy
User 1: ya please do they're horrible
User 2: look for good ones online now i selected yours, you select mine i want bluetooth one just remember that
User 1: okay
User 2: kya kar rahe ho ji
User 1: bowling
User 2: it's their last day kya?
User 1: yaaa
User 2: dude monil was sick so he was taking steam and he dropped the hot water on this legs and melted his skin his goa is canned for sure manali is doubtful
User 1: who monil ?
User 2: i've told so many time you don't remember blue one
User 1: what this jen ?
User 2: cute pic for you
User 1: i'm doing hash thank you
User 2: throat fucked atb
User 1: lol what's that supposed to mean ?
User 2: it's michael kors in the floor no care only
User 1: bitch only mumbai people can do or what
User 2: they dont respect it that bag is more than this lolll
User 1: ya i figured
User 2: even my digital one is more than this lolll
User 1: no your digital is 25k right ?
User 2: twenty-nine and thirty-two ke beech
User 1: 30.5 ? okay this is twenty-six i did it lol .
User 2: nevermind only the green one is more than this
User 2: experience?
User 1: are you trying to prove soemgning jen ? like a mini doka for a little while at least
User 2: knew you were going to say it doka?
User 1: nothing i say surprises you kya that thing na pipe se karte hai jo
User 2: sorry for knowing you so well
User 1: sorry for not being able to surprise yoy
User 2: oh you did hash through that?
User 1: nope that's how you do doka
User 2: you do all the time thoda thoda uniformly dw yes how's your head honey
User 1: sarcastic ? vedant put paintball shot on my head full hair is orange colour lol
User 2: no jaan send pic
User 1: lol you can't see it it's like yellow oil
User 2: i knowwww it yucky can't see honey lol
User 1: ya did two joints among the four of us i'm pretty baked
User 2: good same
User 1: hahah you're also you did ?
User 2: strains like your og kush don't you like that kore
User 1: similar what are you trying to prove sweetie ?
User 2: that my high is different than youra hash is equally expensive i'm not trying to prove anything
User 1: cutie
User 2: you don't irritate like this
User 2: cutie ho maaz said ye hi problem hota hai dating ka, you're in your phone too much so i'll text later okay tell me if you sleep
User 1: sad
User 2: i came home and passed out lol sorry hi
User 1: i passed out there only lol
User 2: who got you back bapre
User 1: they woke me up and got me back i only walked back on my own i was high na
User 2: lolll good one what you upto today
User 1: you tell me absolutely nothing i'm pooping lols what are you upto today?
User 2: i pooped twice today lol good feeling
User 1: hehe same
User 2: so ankur and i had a bet about completing learning material by tomorrow. and i'm obviously lagging back so i'll complete that today and tomorrow might meet and smoke up with zahra okay snapchat now
User 1: ohh so you're free basically oops i need ten mins cutie
User 2:  yes lol okay i'll wait
User 1: to get fired up for you ?
User 2: come fast
User 1: i just might
User 2: reading online? nauggtyyy
User 1: finding something sexy ? to wear
User 2: okay okay go go
User 1: you're so excited wow
User 2: obviously
User 1: be smooth jen 
User 2: masturbating with you or while thinking about you will never stop being fun
User 1: hahah
User 2: goooo find
User 1: lovely
User 2: time is of the essence why no text
User 1: i'm concentrating
User 2: on what
User 1: shhhh jen on erotica
User 2: okay lol
User 1: sup jen how was it
User 2: too gooodddd
User 1: how do i look ?
User 2: gyming is really showing and boobs are not becoming smaller so greattttt
User 1: haha thanks boy my lower back is gone today totally
User 2: aisho stay on bed full day. lie dosn
User 1: i couldn't go today to the gym ya i'm kind of sleepy i'll go to sleep gn
User 2: gn baby why is everyone depressed lol tell hiiii
User 1: hi can't wait for end of vacation i was enjoying while the guys were here
User 2: aiyo yesterday they left have fun by yourself dont be like this then semester will start again this one will be hectic also placements no
User 1: i don't want to talk only to anyone so much effort you saw kota factory?
User 2: yepp love it i decided to wake up early from today back to old schedule no daylight wasting
User 1: good plan
User 2: when did you wake up
User 1: nine
User 2: same pinchh parents are back they barely got stuff back they were saying so many places were just selling second copies ish
User 1: lol okay
User 2: gymmmm
User 1: work getting bored lol
User 2: till what time is it there
User 1: who knows i'd rather do coursera dude wanna pubg ?
User 2: lol sure come leave match are you playing more
User 1: nah jen sorry battery at 40
User 2: arre i waited full match for you to finish  who were you playing with
User 1: interns
User 2: 10kills too good. sad the way you died
User 1: ya dude damn sad
User 2: hahaha i was like bapre yeh bhi mar diya sab par spray hahah good good
User 1: lol
User 2: ask someone for type c no they will have
User 1: no one has naaa talk to me whatcha upto
User 2: lol sad i'm playing pubg hehe then study then movie and pot browniesssssss with arusha lol john wick woohooo
User 1: okay enjoy bye
User 2: no text no lol
User 1: don't wanna
User 2: arre what happens tellll
User 1: lol it won't last in mpl
User 2: lil you tell me when you get done with work
User 1: ok
User 2: work now don't do tp
User 1: damn
User 2: what do you have to do for report but  you're going to like my new underwear collection loll
User 1: okay jen i'll probably not see it though 
User 2: aiyo ehyyy why you being rude tell
User 1: i was kidding
User 2: i was so sad such good material and colors lol my first expensive underwears  shirt is also so nice
User 1: damn nice wear with white shorts oho rich you'll look
User 2: how poor do i look now
User 1: you dress like a bhikari dude jaise koi chaiwala ka bacha aa gaya hai it's damn sad this is a good shirt though use it we'll well you're not i know but it doesn't show
User 2: woah woah fine wow i thought home is for comfy clothes apparently not you need them to be up to datr talking like vidushis fs bfs i'm reached home from the movie jheal is coming over dinner and stay i guess
User 1: told you na you got the wrong sister enjoy ! home ya not class and all
User 2: i never wear tracks to class ever only jeans
User 1: liar liar i've seen you in tracks anyway wear what you want i don't care
User 2: okay you will still like me no
User 1: depends on how cute your underwear is
User 2: it's thundering hard here im scared
User 1: awwww mumbai rains beautiful it's supposed to be
User 2: there is something about it for sure magical yet yucky i part for the night. good night i have early day tomorrow need to change also cycle
User 1: challo okay good night bacha
User 2: hello gm
User 1: gm
User 2: dude it feels good to be back on the good schedule
User 1: good good do baby
User 2: morning exercises are too good got ready for office?
User 1: pooping then full speed get ready man i'm damn tensed for my saree
User 2: why man it's nice toh
User 1: send the pic idk where it went blue and red
User 2: tell what's wrong in these
User 1: the blouse the earrings
User 2: lolll
User 1: the shoes
User 2: this you can get
User 1: silver blouse yuck
User 2: this also blouse you have to decide yeah even i don't lole
User 1: all three i have to decide makeup i have to learn
User 2: you buy foundation and all toh go all out since you haven't bought anything before
User 1: naah i just want clear skin makeup won't give me that rest my skin doesn't need makeup
User 2: arre but eyes and foundation i think is needed whatever it does i look so good rn lol i think today should be last day in office
User 1: good for you lol enjoy cutie
User 2: got some done waited for an hour just when pubg was about to start those guys came and then fifteen mins of presentation and done loll hi high baby
User 1: he
User 2: how's the high heheh i'm glad you're getting to experience this too
User 1: hehe
User 2: you're doing bong too lol good enjoy you never really explain me your trip im curious tell meeee
User 1: i'll tell you
User 2: hahaha defoo a good start are you gettiing better at it orstill coughing your lungs out
User 1: i'm a pro
User 2: prove with video of bong shot challenge is yours to accept
User 1: abhi nahi i know you will forward it what's the point
User 2: i promise i won't da
User 1: before i said you were planning na
User 2: you know me
User 1: ya that's why
User 2: but now that you've said it o won't know. snapchat it
User 1: i'm done lol i can't gym dude
User 2: nooooo. high gyming will make you loose fat faster just saying. just don't run lol
User 1: okk i'll go at seven
User 2: good squattsssss bootyyyy
User 1: ya everyday i'll do that only today arms shoulders and back
User 2: good plan do two everyday honey three too much
User 1: can't do today too late i became traffic i'll do little and do
User 2: arre so what if youre late you can tell mom no there was traffic eh dont do this lazy you want to become strong or no
User 1: no i can't be late for family dinner it's not okay in our family i climbed stairs till 10th floor then did my abs routine
User 2: lol at you why don't yall chilllll lol ish i hate stairs really hate
User 1: hahah have to learn
User 2: done w dinner?
User 1: y
User 2: just raining season has started wohoo less heat hopefully today was toh terrible
User 1: ufff full city only sup
User 2: lol you free?
User 1: i'm smoking up ya call
User 2: how many time!!??
User 1: sure sorry sweet message cutie
User 2: you enjoy darling
User 1: no time only
User 2: you still have to say what you feel like when you're high for what
User 1: i feel like being with myself lol when i initially smoke it i feel damn round round then my body becomes heavy and i can't move
User 2: you text later honey. become high and enjoy first hehehhe
User 1: i think very hard about stupid things
User 2:  welcome to marijuana
User 1: and then i lose track of how much time i spent thinking about it manipal weed is kind of shit how is it possible it didn't hit at all
User 2: obviously but not this
User 1: for me toh yaa
User 2: in manipal you've taken properly only once you don't take properlyyy it's fine you learn now
User 1: maybe
User 2: i love you poochie text if you wanna pubg whenever
User 1: okay
User 2: back home?
User 1: no
User 2: no curfew lol?
User 1: they don't know today
User 2: aiyo naughty same building no?
User 1: ya
User 2: chalo honey gn
User 1: gn missed video call
User 2: you haven't said ily in so long i sad
User 1: ily
User 2: thanks ?
User 1: hey jen wassup
User 2: tumhare internet ko mai maar duga ek din
User 1: itna gussa dammnn two mins wifi set kar rahi hoon missed video call
User 2: day over dinner also done now tp hi
User 1: https:youtu.bewqa68oqr1qe hi
User 2: pubg
User 1: okayy
User 2: wait i'll text you then com
User 1: don't make me wait come now
User 2: come update otherwise we cant play
User 1: why'd you guys update it
User 2: because it's an update wth update fast
User 1: it'll take time you go park play
User 2: fine but next game tak krlo
User 1: fine
User 2: done?
User 1: no
User 2: jaldiiiiii
User 1: arre what can i do gonna take time gn
User 2: sleeping?
User 1: ya what to do then
User 2: lol chal theek gn baby
User 1: gn
User 2: gmmm waking up early is funnn
User 1: gm no food no water today happy nirjala
User 2: till tomorrow?
User 1: ya i updated my pubg wanna play one match with me ?
User 2: sure honey always comr
User 1: g one
User 2: get good nail paints no pink wala was looking bleh
User 1: just buy skullcandy wanna play?
User 2: ten mins
User 1: i broke my fast lol couldn't do it
User 2: hahahaha why headache?
User 1: head started hurting ya
User 2: aiyo are you sad that you had to break?
User 1: kind of
User 2: arre but health is first priority otherwise it doesnt make sense only so its fine try after a few days plus gyming also you would have had to skip
User 1: nah once a year
User 2: accha then great next year directly lol
User 1: play?
User 2: aja i knoww you put middle east naughty girl
User 2: tea break you go watch ind vs nz
User 1: you don't love me anymore?
User 2: why you think that
User 1: cause you no say ily
User 2: ily
User 1: hmm
User 2: saying that when your dadi is in your head is thoda awkward lol
User 1: lol okay wanna see a new bra ?
User 2: if it is on you
User 1: hmm my phone is charging oops
User 2: otherwise i don't understand properly
User 1: oh oh
User 2: then at 5:30
User 1: right right okay forty-five mins prep time i likeeeee
User 2: hehe why does vidushi buy so many slutty bras
User 1: exactlyyyy what i'm saying she has started wearing damn cheap kapda and today she wore off my beautiful top with the cheapest pair of shorts
User 2: enticing the lower caste
User 1: it doesn't look good na we're not poor why dress poorly
User 2: forget that. doctors at least shouldn't dress like that
User 1: she won't do more i think she's done studying
User 2: matlab what good did you even learn in you're five years
User 1: she doesn't know stuff properly
User 2: aiyo
User 1: she couldn't pass my level ka coursera course physiology
User 2: wth i thought she was smart smart
User 1: she's damn smart practicals is 100 but that's not what they'll ask in pg neet so then how not concentrate not know how
User 2: matlab? shes not even studying probably now but like she cant take a gap year or something no
User 1: hey jen open snap baby
User 2: oops
User 1: i just finished lol
User 2: thank god this wasnt sex otherwise you would have been so disappointed lolll how come you lasted so long hahaha
User 1: loll idk i knew when i was close and i just didn't want to finish so fast so i didn't
User 2: today?
User 1: ya
User 2: remember how in 1st and 2nd year finishing was like god level and now you cant control it and what not hehe good1@u we have really grown together im happp y
User 1: hehe thanks i know i'm pro
User 2: im being so romantic atleast respond to such lines ishhh your mom isi right. tumko romance karna hi nahi aata
User 1: ishh time waste
User 2: cool i'll stop then
User 1: aiyo why i was jk missed video call
User 2: hi i'm out rn suppp
User 1: ok ok
User 2: supppppp
User 1: watching badrinath ki dulhania
User 2: aiyo watch good english things no chernobyl you'll like it also
User 1: watching ishaqzaade aishoooo it looks good tbh whatcha upto ? dude the weighing scale is fucked up 53.2 to fifty-five ke beech mein anything it shows today and tomorrow mein it'll show one kg less then again it'll show one kg more
User 2:  measure on one scale only gym wala
User 1: ya the gym wala only it's damn weird like today it showed fifty-five yday it showed 53.8 kuch bhi matlab
User 2: you didn't even eat half day today lollll goo poop properly dudr remember i told you a out zahras body builder friend
User 1: yeah the gurl na
User 2: she's going to sleep with this forty-two year old thoughts?
User 1: in muslims it's forced at least she's doing it willingly
User 2:  good one
User 1: double age
User 2: but what about age hap
User 1: legit double
User 2: exactly
User 1: let her do sanu ki
User 2: ?
User 1: what's to me
User 2: punjabi kendi aave chori
User 1: kuch bhi bol raha hai
User 2: i try man
User 1: veere di wedding
User 2: bolne mai kya hai ish you should actually start watching english studd like new series
User 1: arre
User 2: i can recommend but none of them match your criteria
User 1: i started black mirror
User 2: you won't like that what sense does it make it's too fucked up for you
User 1: and what's my criteria according to you ?
User 2: even i don't like it that much
User 1: i got bored by the fourth episode
User 2: happy start middle end
User 1: first episode was amazingggggg
User 2: it's not connected so that's nice aisho you want pig fucking only ik
User 1: hahaha it was like what the fuck whyy then the full memory one was interesting but it's best not to have that in real life lol
User 2: watch love death and robots episodes are like 6-20 mins long and random too they are fun actually very nice animated also
User 1: wth why i'll watch with you if i like i'll watch more
User 2: no even they are random episodes. it's just nice watch lucky thirteen or something nowwwwww go
User 1: why no fuck you don't irritate
User 2: i watched beauty and the beast what is this
User 1: https:www.coursera.orgaccountaccomplishmentscertificateaabg6gwbrzp7
User 2: g1
User 1: you didn't you liar
User 2: with you i did know till she gets imprisoned
User 1: hahaha the cute part is after that https:www.coursera.orgaccountaccomplishmentscertificatepnf22myd2etu
User 2: when did you so so much coursera
User 1: magic
User 2: look what's written lol
User 1: hahah gone g one
User 2: guess what it is
User 1: mint or washing powder
User 2: lol no ecstasy. maaz and all took to goa oho i got such interesting gossip last night you won't believe
User 1: tell
User 2: my head is aching do i'm sleeping honey i'll text in the evening
User 1: ok
User 2: gm
User 1: wth gm
User 2: they do that loll you gymed?
User 1: nah gng now wanna play ?
User 2: just played ifni play more then headache goodd
User 1: fine jen
User 2: tomorrow jheal is coming to say overrr
User 1: thought you just woke up bitch hehe g one
User 2: 6:08 i woke ip
User 1: anyway my internet isn't working oh sorry typo interest haha g one at me
User 2: so lame you are omy but it's cute when you try
User 1: ugh please
User 2: coochie i have such a bad cold ya
User 1: why what happened? cold acha take cetzine works like magic playing ?
User 2: no come we'll play !!!!
User 1: okayyy
User 2: aja
User 1: okkk
User 2: come
User 1: okk
User 2: why you no accept
User 1: it's not loading bad net you okay play it's not loading daaa exit na mera load ho gaya fineeee
User 2: coming
User 1: aiyooo
User 2: what happened
User 1: ping middle east is better i have to shower tty in ten
User 2: lol okay
User 1: hi did you sleep sweetie i love coursera isn't it amazing we can learn whatever we want i can learn philosophy for free
User 2: not free for others but yes we are lucky
User 1: so lucky
User 2: good we took proper advantage of it tho
User 1: i have eight certificates i can do better
User 2: priyanka is defaming arav
User 1: why he's cute no then why?
User 2: and then arav texted me and cleared it out
User 1: arre so she hasn't said anything bad why simply making a scene
User 2: i never said you're beautiful inside out. like wtf she was very emotional at the time and like was telling me stuff about her parents not liking her and being strict then the fact that everyone calls her dumb and stuff so i said you're beautiful inside, as a person. don't let others decide the kind of person you are uske baad bro atleast 10-15 times she said i wanna show you the spot where i fell. i was like what were you doing there. she's like hooking up baarish ho rhi thi and she's like i wanna get all wet then she's asking me what turns you on then i told her ki i fucked up mostly when i was drunk. like hooks up and stuff next thing she's like chug this tetra of old monk and this bottle of wine making fun of him and defaming isnt find dik
User 1: okay even if she made a mistake and what arav is saying is right or not we don't know that it doesn't concern you right who said what when are you serious how does it matter she's been your friend longer than he has loyalty jen technically you should be sorting it out with priyanka and ask her point of view
User 2: see this is the part where ive grown up and you havent it isnt so black and white shes thoda sociopath she has to be accepted and she isnt anywhere properly
User 1: if you say i haven't grown up once more i swear i'll get damn angry
User 2: so attention seeking
User 1: this is why i'm more mature than you are
User 2: i already know shes lying so no need
User 1: cause i know that sometimes you shouldn't take sides you can't assume that it's not fair
User 2: i have never been a diplomat and you know it
User 1: you know then also you're being hard on her then learn
User 2: whatever i've told you i can say it to sahoo's face. i bet she can't do the same bro the one thing i absolutely hate about people is the fact that they lie. such people are cowards man
User 1: grown ups know how to be diplomatic people lie get over it
User 2: arre how many times can you back a person after the keep fuckiing up
User 1: what have you learnt from game of thrones them baelish didn't teach you shit? as many hours you've spent having fun with them
User 2: all priyanka wantts is proper attention so
User 1: everyone wants attention
User 2: yep
User 1: figure out why she wants attention her parents don't give it to her you say that makes her mpal friends her family
User 2: that
User 1: and if you guys judge her like this
User 2: and everyone doesnt treat her very fairly in college either because of her kinda bad reo rep
User 1: then tumlog kya loyalty dikhaoge
User 2: we choose extended family imm sorry we are not charity its not about loyalty its about right and wron
User 1: you should've thought about that before you had fun full last three years with her now you'll be like bye get out
User 2: i wont be that
User 1: you didn't pass our extended family exam
User 2: others will be that
User 1: you don't qualify
User 2: because she fucked up with them
User 1: that's shit mentality toh it's fine get over it and move on or you lose a friend someone you spent three years why with for arab arav who has been there for a year and has a questionable reputation himself last sem you told me you trust priyanka now you're telling me you're kicking her out
User 2: you really dont take all this stuff seriously no. you just want friends no matter the quality. bade hogaye ho. if you cant stand up for whats right no matter the consequences and the hard decisions you have to make then manipal mai four saal what did you even learn. dikshita friendship mai loyalty and trust is the most important, if shes willing to sell her trust by lying about someone to gain some attention doesnt mean that she continues to deserve my or someone elses friendship. no matter how much ever fun youve had
User 1: wtf
User 2: so please dont say that three years you had fun then you kick them out. i did the same thing with nethraa eventhough she hadnt done shit to me directly.
User 1: did you talk to her even once to priyanka
User 2: at that time i stood up for you and gave up that friendship. you dont see me cribbing over thoe decisions
User 1: ya and i regret not stopping your ass everyday stood up for me?
User 2: evidently i was wrong and im agreeing
User 1: i told you specifically don't tell her anything that's not how you treat people damn jen imagine this happening to you how would you cope with no chance to explain yourself
User 2: i mean if you dont have the balls to defend yourself and keep some self respect then someone has to. so i did chance to explain what man. she'll shy away from embarrassment and then get awwkward. i know all this will only happen
User 1: that wasn't your job you really need to learn to not interfere in other people's matters antaryaami ho tum baat nahi kiya usse uske pehle how can you assume
User 2: i will definitely remember to not stand up for you, no matter the concequences, if you dont stand up for yourseld
User 1: ya please don't
User 2: im not assuming anything.
User 1: no one asked you talk to her directly why can't you talk to a friend man she meant nothing for you that means you were just looking for an excuse even with nethraa some lame excuse you found with that apratim scenario just talk to her directly
User 2: because when arav fucks up he confesses immediately. he had allegations with another girl whom vidit dated last sem. when vidit got to the bottom of it, the girl couldnt say shit against arav because he was innocent. other times he fucked up, he will say it and ask for further advice on how to unfuck it so i atleast can believe that im sorry that i stopped talking to a good friend because she was making your life a living hell.
User 1: arre so he's making the same mistake six hundred times doesn't make it a mistake anymore that's a habit now finally you got it right
User 2: you just wont understand some decisions because your levelof maturity doesnt allow you to comprehend such complex scenarios. im sorry the world isnt as simple as you want it to be his mistake is being alleged for shit he didnt do?
User 1: how about i talk to you once my level of maturity matches yours at least that way we won't keep fighting about everything
User 2: this is a discussion that goes on in all relationships. atleast we arent fighting about something between us so thats good discussions are how you learn new things
User 1: you're saying this after calling me immature i'm not like you jen i don't see things the way you do and i don't like the way you see things i can't believe you're able to let go of an old friendship because of something stupid she saiddid atleast fifty times
User 2: hoping you learn something
User 1: i don't like your bullshit ideals i'm not the one who needs to learn here jen
User 2: well i'll be next you when the your fantasy world bubble breaks so its fine
User 1: i know what i know is right
User 2: time and again
User 1: i'm not going to change my thought process
User 2: .
User 1: are you waiting with a pin to pop it i know how the world works
User 2: i cant pop it. only life will pop it
User 1: i know what happens the bubble popped longggggggggg back
User 2: theres always room for growing. for me too
User 1: now it's just me
User 2: lol okay
User 1: and this is what it is you don't believe me cause you didn't meet me in 10th and then in 11th
User 2: aww when a boy you liked, liked someone else and not you?
User 1: are you sure you wanna put it like that ?
User 2: dikshita even i had girl troubles that put me in depression and made me go to a shrink and what not and i still dont think thats when my bubble popped so yes i dont think that is when you bubble popped i dont think it still has so well
User 1: then it never will jen are you expecting me to change or something i don't understand
User 2: and even if it does i'll be on your side. how bad can it be then right no i want you to realise how fucked up life can be and how your rules dont make sense in real life. and the sooner it happens the better else
User 1: i'm not going to grow up
User 2: well im just stating my opinion and stop saying "stop trying to change me" bs. i am not tryoing to change you
User 1: you are
User 2: im just stating my opinion on your thought s
User 1: you don't even see it
User 2: and i have the right to do so
User 1: your opinion is bullshit
User 2: you anyways never listen to me. why would you think that i would think that this would be any different you will still not listen to me and ive accepted it
User 1: ya accept it don't try to change my thinking
User 2: great stuff im expressing my thoughts on your thinking why dont you get that through your thick skull jeez
User 1: what you're doing to that poor girl is wrong god will punish you for that don't do it jen
User 2: i havent done anything man i am not planning on ghosting her im just more alert about her shes not going to be invited over because both vidit and arav dont like her
User 1: so what was you telling me this entire thing supposed to do ?
User 2: in college ill be the normal fake me
User 1: congratulations you just lost a friend and now you have vidit and arav
User 2: i tell you stuff for fun but no you always take it seriously and then shout at me
User 1: all the best
User 2: it was supposed to be just informative
User 1: . why should i know this bs stuff
User 2: well then i shouldnt waste my energy sharing it with you
User 1: trying to add drama in my life are you do i look like a gossip monger i don't wanna know all this bs don't tell me from next time
User 2: didnt you want to know the gossip from my school group
User 1: kisne kisse kya kaha uff
User 2: but my head was aching so i couldnt tell you seemed pretty interested in that
User 1: seventeen year old with twenty-one ya
User 2: not that
User 1: then you're calling me immature idc cause they're people idk
User 2: i am just trying to keep you entertained during the vacation with random stuff. because if i depend on you to talk, you toh wont since you have million other things to do in the vacation that you barely have time to talk. and its fine that you're busy. i'm glad you have stuff to do but when someone is trying to talk then either directly say i dont want to hear gossip rather than calling their opinions bs
User 1: fine i'll do that then
User 2: and i'll keep my opinions to myseld
User 1: do that gn
User 2: girlfriend of the year award. thanks for letting me know how much my opinions mean not like i've ever shunned of stuff you say. i just try to show you my point of view. unlike you who is just dismissing my thoughts. very mature of you indeed gn
User 1: hi jen sorry mom's here text please
User 2: hi which is mom's next tour
User 1: russia
User 2: july start no?
User 1: ya
User 2: you were waiting for me to text no
User 1: no still pissed
User 2: about what i don't understand because i wasn't even trying to change you if me talking about people you don't know pisses you off then lesson learned
User 1: you've been calling me immature for an entire sem now it's really irritating
User 2: well opinions differ.
User 1: ya so that's why i said keep your opinions to yourself cause they're shit
User 2: i'm just pointing out what i notice. if you disagree then that's that. neither of us has to do anything about it okay
User 1: no you can't just say stuff like that all the time and expect me to just not do anything about it
User 2: atleast i give you an elaborate reason everytime i call your actions immature. on the other hand you just insult and be rude and never give any justifications so well
User 1: i don't need this drama dude if you can accept that i'm immature then good for you i don't like your attitude or the way you think
User 2: see again no justification to prove this or this like i don't even know what you're talking about i have accepted already
User 1: i just don't like it
User 2: regarding what
User 1: then stop repeating the same thing five hundred times and pissing me off what's the point i'm the one who has to accept it you're not going to change right can't even ask you to
User 2: see i'm not like you if i see an opportunity for you to learn i'll point it out, learning not learning is your call if you show me that i was actually wrong about something. like my thoughts or actions were very wrong then obviously i'll try to improve on thay
User 1: no you will not cause you don't know the right thing yourself you think i'm wrong i think you're wrong
User 2: although this takes effort which clearly you don't care to take so no point talking about it
User 1: read last night's chat again and again i can't say the same things
User 2: when did i say that i'm going to ghost priyanka or ignore her or do anything to ruin the friendship ive had with her you tell me
User 1: the fact that you're willingly just throwing her aside is just bad
User 2: where did i say this you just assumed
User 1: no you're choosing arav over her is also wrong
User 2: i was giving you information about what happened and you just jumped to a conclusion that's my decision
User 1: ya it's wrong
User 2: okay and who are you to jump to this conclusion without knowing either of them even adequately well
User 1: you've known her longer
User 2: babu how does it matter
User 1: and she's also your friend
User 2: i've known my school friends the longest but it's not like they are my closestttt friends no.
User 1: no i didn't like it
User 2: and manipal ones less than three years but you know the lengths i will go for them
User 1: you should've been at least wanting to listen to her side
User 2: it's not like that
User 1: you were legit badmouthing her to me is this what you do about me to other people
User 2: idm listening it's just that i know what it will be. she'll start retracting step by sgep
User 1: you always tell everyone everything na
User 2: you please stop this. not really but okay
User 1: nothing can ever be just between us ya it's true i know
User 2: if you think so okay
User 1: they always know full story of everything it's not supposed to be shared
User 2: like i don't even know how to handle you rn because you're just assuming stuff and getting pissed because of it.
User 1: you were not supposed to share something she did wrong with me protect her not demean her this is not how you're supposed to do
User 2: why should i protect someone who defaming someone else for the laughs.
User 1: cause she's your friend
User 2: i'm sorry jeez. i just wanted to tell because it was kinda funny how things took a turn and it was a drunken night so that adds a funny element. and priyanka missed her flight because she was too drunk to wake up is even more hilarious. why cant you see the reason i told you the thing. youre fighting for a bs reason. yeah well since she did it to my other friend i'm not going to interfere. which is what i'm doing
User 1: it's not funny when you call me immature you dumbo i'm going to the gym i don't wanna talk about this anymore
User 2: honey, you can learn how to defend yourself. and argue back,which you did, so it's fine.
User 1: if you talk bullshit i will call it
User 2: on the other hand you don't remove time for me in ldr. it's pissing off for me too, so i decide hey i'll tell dikshita a funny story so we can talk. but no. in that story also you will remove something to fight. and then you send such conversation stopper messages
User 1: i don't like ldr i already told you it's not funny
User 2: so you just stop giving a fuck about a relationship you've invested so much time in?
User 1: i didn't find it funny
User 2: yeah well priyanka was laughing at her situation so fuck you. if she can find it funny then even others can.
User 1: so now you get why you're wrong with priyanka ?
User 2: you're really unbelievable.
User 1: no i'm right
User 2: if i did some shit and then you stop giving a fuck about the relationship then the situation is similar. moreover, it still won't be equal because my investment in the relationship has been way more than my investment in my friendships, especially priyankad i have my priorities in place at least. more than what i can say for you. reply
User 1: it's similar
User 2: not even close not even a bit
User 1: that's not the point i was trying to explain why you're wrong so even if investment is less doesn't mean it's completely different
User 2: and i'm explaining why i'm not wrong what about this ha reply to this
User 1: my priorities ? what's wrong with that ?
User 2: ldr wouldn't have been a problem if i guess this relationship  i was more important than you know your normal friends. since your investment is equal in both cases or probably less in mine.
User 1: ldr has alwaysssss been a problem
User 2: one hundred times you've tried no dont darecompare me to mahiman
User 1: i just know it i'm not
User 2: how many days did you know him for before starting ldr, 10?
User 1: i know how i get in an ldt five years maybe more
User 2: you don't have any explanation then for problem with ldr except misplaced priorities and met him for ten days on a stretch
User 1: what misplaced priority? i'm not comparing i know why ldr is hard for me bas you want me to prioritise you above who?
User 2: that normal friendships and a three year relationship don't have a difference for you. and since they are different for me, thats the reason i can conclude that priyanka was wrong fast enough please share idc who you put me above. i'm just saying that i'm clearly it above your friends hence you think that the priyanka thing is wrong. moreover you should be deciding that. all i can do is accept my poor fate. and you shut off your mobile data when you feel like it so you don't have to reply anymore. running away from arguments is so typical of you.
User 1: kyunki it's not the same
User 2: thabks for failing the test of time. you're not replying only to the other messages
User 1: i'm out with mom don't accept it you can leave whenever the fuck you want ya that one's on me
User 2: you tell me if you're up for dating man i don't want to be such a liability in your life because that's sure how you're treating me rn you don't even think twice before talking.
User 1: what jen anything i say pisses you off i'm sorry i'm not treating you well
User 2: you know such thing pisses both of us off
User 1: i'm not in that headspace rn
User 2: it's fine fuck it. i love you anyway
User 1: no i actually mean it jen
User 2: what'd you mean
User 1: i mean if i can't keep you happy i shouldn't hold you back
User 2: don't you want to work on the relationship instead of this what happened talk to me is it because of the vidushi situation
User 1: i've tried firse last sem ka repeat nahi chahiye for you again if i say something you'll find it bad yes and more
User 2: so what you have to like what more you don't tell me only how will i help you or help relationship
User 1: it's actually related to that so just assume it's that
User 2: what's that say tell me! i'm not understanding anything
User 1: vidushi ka scene only it's a damn unhappy scene at home now she's gone for some weekend getaway
User 2: with?
User 1: so the situation is a little lighter my sister is my dadis favourite gdaughter why idk vivek and other people so my dadi no longer likes me
User 2: babu you don't share all these hardships that's why you feel so negative inside which i think is affecting everything in your life. why don't you let me help you
User 1: she doesn't even talk straight forward no you didn't get it
User 2: aiyo how's it your fault.
User 1: i have had enough drama for a lifetime this summer and last semester
User 2: true
User 1: even if a single thing happens next semester i will not handle it correctly she slashed her hands with a razor you know
User 2: i know honey i can't imagine what you're going through
User 1: she has absolutely gone mad multiple times seven long marks she has
User 2: but honestly, treating me like the opposition isn't making anything better. for us or for only you also
User 1: it won't go
User 2: six know mederma i saw
User 1: she won't wear full sleeves outside the house people ask
User 2: whats up with the therapist thing? aiyo
User 1: if one sister is this crazy surely the other one is see what i mean ? the mom isn't able to give time that's what people will say
User 2: you don't think like this. it doesn't even make sense biologically and you know it log bolte rahege aur kaam kya hai .
User 1: i'm going to play cards dad has called after a long time ttyl we'll continue in a while 2-3 more things i have to discuss
User 2: alright honey
User 1: you know how before i used to feel guilty to not tell you things
User 2: like what have you not told me
User 1: i'll not tell you
User 2: tell now
User 1: no
User 2: arre tell what happened man.
User 1: no i won't tell maybe i shouldn't have told you this either
User 2: i'm glad you told me that because you're supposed to be honest
User 1: okay i know but now i don't want to be cause you will get angry
User 2: but now that you've said it might as well tell me what i don't know what happened tell
User 1: no i won't tell you
User 2: you deleted this message and why is this reply tell me what you haven't i won't get any angry
User 1: no cause you get angry
User 2: just tell now
User 1: i'm with parents pls text why is it so important
User 2: because even i'm not used to you not telling me stuff so now say
User 1: what do you think it is
User 2: i don't assume tell
User 1: tell
User 2: i'm really not assuming i'm just hoping it's not the worst
User 1: what's the worst tell
User 2: you cheating tell reply i answered your question now you answer mine
User 1: no da a friend has a crush on me
User 2: which ine
User 1: i won't tell you
User 2: fucking tell
User 1: why
User 2: because you're my girlfriend and someone has a crush on you when did you find out about this
User 1: so that you can go and threaten him
User 2: no man
User 1: one month back
User 2: i learned my lesson wow and you didn't bother telling me who is it tell me reply
User 1: i won't tell you
User 2: tell me
User 1: cause you don't know
User 2: rn
User 1: how to handle noooooo i will not lose another friend
User 2: tell rn
User 1: i'm sitting with parents i will not tell you
User 2: you hid it from me for a month !!!! wtf tell me now
User 1: i'm not treating you right na you're angry i won't tell
User 2: kshtij isn't it
User 1: i'm also angry i won't tell you who
User 2: for what joy
User 1: no i'm also angry
User 2: for no reason you hid this from me for a month! this is what ldr is like for you? you just distance yourself and start lying you tell me rn
User 1: are you doing drama jen
User 2: i can't even react to my gf hiding stuff from me anymore?
User 1: you can't be angry
User 2: why would you hide it from ne and make me pretend everything is fine when clearly you're hiding what not behind my back
User 1: cause of this only
User 2: who the fuck is it tell me now
User 1: cause you react as though donno what happened
User 2: this much anger is plausible
User 1: i will not deal with your anger jen
User 2: you fucking tell me rn who it is
User 1: no i won't
User 2: and i will not tolerate you hiding stuff
User 1: dont ask me the same thing five hundred times
User 2: i'll keep calling you don't tell me for a month and then don't even tell me his name tell me fine i'm texting praniti and asking her
User 1: no one knows i haven't told her
User 2: man fucking tell ne
User 1: did you do this ?
User 2: no you're ruining my mood by hiding stuff why can't we just discuss it going sh gosh don't you think i learned a lesson after the pranjal thing
User 1: i won't tell you shit that's what i learnt
User 2: wtf is it mahiman agaim who is this "friend" didn't you say you had no one left huh tell
User 1: no
User 2: i'm guys
User 1: he likes me i don't like him back over
User 2: no you tell me now
User 1: no
User 2: dikshita tell me now
User 1: no
User 2: i want to discuss properly and sanely with you and this isn't helping why would you treat me like this
User 1: no it doesn't matter who the person is
User 2: it fucking matters
User 1: cause you have severe anger issues why
User 2: so i have closure while we discuss this thing since you didn't tell me for a fucking month
User 1: no i won't give you closure
User 2: yeah you're not helping
User 1: cause of this only
User 2: wtf i sacrificed my ego and image and what not with pranjal and this is what you repay me with tell me now how does that even make sense you lied to me and now you're acting like the dick and you're putting all this on me saying i have anger issues?! . reply
User 1: missed video call missed voice call i'll get permission for that weekend we can go to goa ?
User 2: august?
User 1: ya
User 2: you don't want to go in december? i mean this is also great
User 1: i can't tan before the wedding but like idm what everyone is planning
User 2: natak
User 1: okay text
User 2: what were you saying
User 1: too many people no need samoohik plan nahi chahiye idm the two of us also
User 2: samoohik? oo
User 1: too many people
User 2: we can take a bangalore trip on. birthday or something
User 1: or like maybe the two of us can plan something where neither gets drunk or high
User 2: oo this is exciting
User 1: bangalore ? 
User 2: that's fine. the question is where
User 1: hmm driveeeee
User 2:  i was thinking overnight this we can do every weekend 
User 1: no one will allow to stay overnight unmarried couple
User 2: drive we can take whenever honey dw i don't need three days to get mentally ready for drives .
User 1: lol okay
User 2: overnight if you want to go then other people needed
User 1: ya exactly
User 2: chalo arte 
User 1: i was thinking the same thing tbh
User 2:  are you serious about it no na?
User 1: probably not worth it
User 2: but we'll do whatever you want.
User 1: i definitely want to do a goa plan
User 2: how many ever disney's you want to make me watch i'll watch cool we'll work on it tomorrow
User 1: i asked the girls sriya is in upach in divya will not say no which bungalow ?
User 2: you relax there are still two months left i'll ask tomorrow
User 1: i'll not travel general class bitch okay
User 2: then it's a goa trip.
User 1: uh ya
User 2: college goa trip is the epitome
User 1: plane mein nahi ja sakte ?
User 1: manipal goa flight hai ? what happened
User 2: yes but it doesn't make sense
User 1: why
User 2: train journeys are short for goa and since it's with so many friends the journeys are very fun
User 1: oh but it's a train how can that be fun ?
User 2: we'll book ac
User 1: oh thank god
User 2: idk it was when we went lol dikshita i truly love you and i'm again sorry for the hardship i've cost you
User 1: you handle me well i was ekdum in a state to take a relationship break type
User 2: it's fine i understand that there's too much on your head and you don't want one more liability so might as well take a break. thank you for not taking one
User 1: this is why ldr is tough for me
User 2: and in case you decide to in the near future please discuss it with me then take lol bad vacation don't blame yourself or ldr tbh
User 1: ldr sucks just get the same city same college people around me are pretty pissed about you breaking my phone
User 2: yes can't complaint who all
User 1: cousins friends etc etc etc
User 2: shivangi praniti prolly
User 1: shivangini vicky kaushik vedant vatsal praniti aacu suhani dad
User 2: got it baas  please don't ask for extra allowance for my birthday from dad lolll
User 1: hahhahah i saved for your bday enough i have
User 2: you come home with a bottle of wine or limon. we'll drink and have a good time wah already
User 1: i could get you a watch tbh
User 2: watch i have da get something i don't have
User 1: with that money that much i saved
User 2: get me dikshita with f cup muahhahah
User 1:  isjhh
User 2: aisho
User 1: acha nahi lagega
User 2: don't over some d spend i'll manage with a bustier dik you dw
User 1: heheheheh even your typo isn't agreeing to that hahah
User 2: you can get yourself a proper lingerie set. that way we both will benefit hahahha
User 1: dw my trainer doesn't give weight loss
User 2: i've noticed those curves don't you worry it's not a waste
User 1: lols it's the camera i know how to click i climb ten flights everyday when will the exam weight go aiyo
User 2: everything went ish what you need is not a scale it's body fat analyser then you'll believe the weight is muscle
User 1: how to do that now
User 2: separate machines your gym is fancy no ask the trainer if they have machine
User 1: they don't keep naaa
User 2: oh
User 1: they have bp machine and all
User 2: i mean there are special weighing scales. since your house one fluctuates too might as well get a new one lel
User 1: weighing scale also
User 2: low hai tumhara
User 1: ya 10060 kam ho gaya i told him to change my chart add weight loss and increase bp wala excercise
User 2: you're too fancy did he?
User 1: i increased five lvs weight in all excercises today he said you're too thin kahan se you wanna lose then he's like i don't like thin i was like kar do please idk let's see
User 2: your weight is perfect or maybe couple of kilos underweight you please concentrate on bp and abs
User 1: hahahahahah
User 2: dude im glad i'm gaining weight. 70kgs atleast till i come back.
User 1: abs also they don't give core only arre
User 2: matlab?
User 1: my weight scene was fifty
User 2: no crunches and all?
User 1: no
User 2: do apne aap. this is toh very important
User 1: plank nah they say it's damn bad to build abs before everything else like top to bottom or like top and bottom to centre etc etc
User 2: i really feel like biting your cheek rn for some cannibalistic reason who is telling you all this
User 1: i think you get a kick out of fighting with me
User 2: sab rubbish
User 1: my trainer
User 2: no need im good without fighting. i do get hornier tho no need. sab karna chaiye every week atleast once.
User 1: i'll tell you my chart ?
User 2: that's for his body no  yes
User 1: okay day one front squats day two single arm row day three what i'll do tomorrow
User 2: what's bird dog lol burpees?
User 1: deadlift nah it's like a pose busy kya chal okay
User 2: no i
User 1: acha
User 2: you were searching your exercises so don't deadlift aisho
User 1: i increased five lbs in every excercise today tomorrow new chart if sir made
User 2: fuck i actually miss gyming after listening to all your workout exercises how much bicep are you doi g
User 1: rows i'm doing 20lbs shoulders weak hai so 10-15 lbs for that
User 2: lol what did he say good good do do
User 1: he was like can i drop you home i was like yes sir okay okay
User 2: let's not stop gyming in manipal we'll do lolll
User 1: same gym ?
User 2: we'll be busy so mostly pp one only. incase we become free from placements soon enough then we'll join proper one
User 1: is there no gym in manipal where pt is available? personal trainer jaisa ? nooooo make time for gym it's very important saree dude
User 2: superhuman loll tum itne curvy ho kuch toh credit dedo apne aap ko i've seen you nude i can vouch
User 1: i'll go for that then
User 2: ooo. tonight i shall masturbate on your pics woohooo must do before jheal comes lol fastttt
User 1: kitna drape ka have to take care
User 2: matlab ?
User 1: oooohhh absolutely not i'm not in the mood but i can send pics if you want like a couple kal parso tak ?
User 2: i meant j have to do fast. and i was going to see from old photos only
User 1: we'll do tomorrow
User 2: because i know this
User 1: acha
User 2: i'll take if you send :p
User 1: good save
User 2: i swearrrr
User 1: which photos show once
User 2: check snapchay
User 1: delete it
User 2: but then i'll lose them foreverrrrr
User 1: aiyo so people will see da
User 2: moved it to my eyes onky so? so? they are beauts
User 1: other people will see
User 2: one is toh second year ja password da i deleted from chat dw
User 1: first year ka when i was fifty kgs
User 2: with no muscle what so ever atleast you can flex now
User 1: ya nothing
User 2: jheal came back shishhhh
User 1: haha enjoy
User 2: what enjoy no pictures only
User 1: lol
User 2: :'(
User 1: i have more
User 2: oooo
User 1: maybe i'll send something
User 2: maybe i really want it who knows
User 1: i chose a frame new specs
User 2: show
User 1: it's in the shop
User 2: when you have shit i also have to get i'm keeping all the work for july oh no before trip i'll have to get lenses so i can wear sunglasses loll okay goodnight honey i love you and if there is anything you want to talk about i'm here
User 1: okk gn
User 2: you no love me :( ? you don't send tease snaps like this
User 1: why ?
User 2: i'm getting proper boner
User 1: o i c oops o i d
User 2: idm more just saying
User 1: lol your sister is there pagal same blanket at home also?
User 2: obviously not we have different material blankets do
User 1: liar liar bum on fire khi khi
User 2: i swear. i have the same blankets that i use in manipal loo blue white
User 1: haan that's what i said na pagal
User 2: oh i thought you meant if we we're sharing
User 1: chi disgusting why will i mean that
User 2: hey i don't judge
User 1: okay jen
User 2: goodnight darling
User 1: goodnight 
User 2: : gm pop jheal doesn't let me sleep urgh
User 1: haha arre wait my internet needs to be fixed i'll call in some
User 2: lol
User 1: whatcha upto ?
User 2: breakfast time. excited for ind vs pak woohooo but it's going to rain
User 1: oh it won't rain da if it's rains the match will be cut short is it ?
User 2: if it's like india's last match, not a single bowl will be bowled also
User 1: what does that mean ?
User 2: the match won't take place only it rains a lot
User 1: what is this da there's matar ka puri and all for me with aachar
User 2: for breakfast?? old people food
User 1: yaaas
User 2: porridge type i want ya
User 1: saboo dana?
User 2: on those lines jheal came here and binged young sheldon lol
User 1: jen i think if you eat the food in my house you'll want to stay here forever divya toh went maaad hahhahaha how's her work going ?
User 2: recently got a promotion
User 1: woohoo and how's her husband doing ?
User 2: don't know don't care lolllll
User 1: fam and all ? aisho why
User 2: he's in nykaa still aashi studies too much
User 1: hahah nykaa opened new shop in forum here
User 2: you come to my house you'll love it more definitely
User 1: i'm very surprised dude
User 2: mom makes it
User 1: starbucks opened in kolkata
User 2: why 
User 1: and zara and f21 and handm
User 2: go snapp when lol
User 1: some time back i think it's too expensive da whats the point handm and all is peace sasta kapda is it okay if i buy you one good gift for your bday
User 2: babu you're my gift you dw dude forgot to wish father's day ish
User 1: lol wish my parents left in the morning my five day diet starts today hehehehheehehehhehe
User 2: nooooo you have to send snaps of your food much nahinyoull have become thin and skinny like first year shi
User 1: are you sure you don't want me to become thin are you sure are you are you though are you
User 2: yep deffoooo no doubt you're so hot when you're muscly
User 1: internet connected aajao
User 2: yesss hehehehhe last wala was also not bot
User 1: i had more damage i had more health restored how are you the mvp how ?
User 2: that's not good  i revived you no
User 1: i found those people for you to kill i feel poopy
User 2: go poop
User 1: hehe g one your mom knows how to cut hair also ?
User 2: she used to cut jheals when she was small
User 1: she's trying to make u shape ? acha ok i'm going to do so much coursera today coursera will say beta take a break
User 2: yes jheal wanted shorter but if you tell the hair dresser shorter directly one inch gone
User 1: correct
User 2: which one
User 1: fundamental neuroscience for neuroimaging two i'll finish it'll be a good addition to my cv  jen i really wanted to become barbie doll and come this semester my trainer is telling me i'm too thin he won't let me do cardio how to do then my plan was  my new glasses are nice little round shape
User 2: you're already cool and adequately thin dw dude
User 1: dude
User 2: i think i jinxed what dad said remember he said that do you want a new phone. i said this one is working let it work well so the phone just slipped out of my hand and the display is gone fully fucked its still working internally so net is on so i can use whatsapp web
User 1: what the new one? the one you just bought?
User 2: which new phone do you think i have??
User 1: the oneplus 6t
User 2: i always had a six first of all
User 1: you don't deserve a good phone jen
User 2: and its thirteen months old
User 1: it's been one year only you dumbo
User 2: ill get nulla display original is tooo much longggg enough fo rme
User 1: my phone has lasted three years you're totally mad
User 2: yeah all that i cant do
User 1: now also i'm thinking i'll buy after a year
User 2: phones dont last for me man engg?
User 1: what ?
User 2: after 4th year?
User 1: yes but i'll buy now
User 2: google one you are buying no?
User 1: idk maybe i should get the oneplus
User 2: 7?
User 1: ya dude have you seen dirty picture? wanna play another game ?
User 2: how will i play mannn nope
User 1: aiyo haan you toh dropped it damn
User 2: man
User 1: buy new
User 2: i was awaiting snaps noooo i will compromise and fix it
User 1: hahahah oops how to see now ipad pe put snap then it'll happen
User 2: i dont have a tablet loll illsee if there is spare phone at home
User 1: hahhaha you're going to get oneplus ?
User 2: im not getting new phone baby
User 1: then ? get it properly fixed don't waste aise
User 2: noooo see i know that mostly im going to also get a new phone after engg so dont really want to spend on it rn its fine after engg i will have to spend on laptop also so i will squeeze in a phone too
User 1: acha okay
User 2: do you want to naughty on messenger lol
User 1: no
User 2: hehe worth a ttry
User 1: instagram ?
User 2: wait let me check
User 1: why are you checking it's not like you'll get anything lollllll
User 2: fine fine
User 1: hahahahhaha vidushi came and screamed at me cause i told her i knew she didn't go in a group so i asked her to show pics she showed a single pic of herself no group pics she's like i have nothing to lose but jim him  i'll give my life also what to say to this woman she's totally mad
User 2: i spoke to him she definetely has a lot to lose except him
User 1: idk dude
User 2: so where did she go finally
User 1: if she marries him i get all the diamonds lol beautiful sets beautiful idc anymore about this girl she's rude and a liar and mad
User 2: haha whose side are you on dik dont say this shes your sister no
User 1: i'm on my side
User 2: shes going through a fuckedd up time
User 1: you see her talking and then you say all this
User 2: thats trure matlab?
User 1: idk i don't wanna talk about this
User 2: okay okay no skipping lunch
User 1: ya ok
User 2: else you'll lose all the dugar in your body and become equally mad
User 1: hehe okay rice and palak today greg hehe
User 2: did you get my insta message
User 1: ya lunch time i'm getting my beautiful palak
User 2: eat a lotttt
User 1: with tadka garlic tomato dal and rice and papad yumsss
User 2: i want garlic what is this man
User 1: hahhaha garlic paste comes at home no garlic cloves no onion also
User 2: this is there at my place sometimes this also
User 1: used in the food?
User 2: ive had three non jain home cooked meals this vacation which is more than ever only on sev puri and dry stuff not cooked
User 1: achaaa
User 2: mom literally doesn't know only how to cook with all this
User 1: come eat at my house i think it's same as that adrak thing or heeng you wait for it to roast
User 2: that fine idk what to tell at least finally they give me potato wala sev puri
User 1: hhahahahahahahahahah damn
User 2: i thank your god at that time so its fine
User 1: no french fries also na for you ?
User 2: what are french fries
User 1: hahhaha fried potato
User 2: i dont think anything non jain has ever even been fried in the house
User 2: supp
User 1: studying you?
User 2: aiyp everyone is sleeping here and i dont feel like coding like too tired to do work but match is starting
User 1: lol wanna have fun ? oh match
User 2: so might watch that
User 1: oh ya okay
User 2: yes fuck match
User 1: but i thought match ?
User 2: what match?
User 1: hahahha how much prep time do i get ? need to charge the phone lol
User 2: you charge how much ever you want and then come asap
User 1: okk code till then sweetie
User 2: nope im tripping
User 1: on what ?
User 2: i was getting bt about phone so when everyone slept i rolled and smoked one lel
User 1: aisho you're high ?!
User 2: lol its raining, got atmosphere come fast or ill come fast lol
User 1: five minutes sweetie
User 2: okk i await
User 1: go to snap whatcha upto ?
User 2: hi i watched full match
User 1: it's over
User 2: ending its going on of the 1st innings
User 1: my dadu is still watching
User 2: you did coursera?
User 1: doing couldn't pass one week will try later lol
User 2: hehe eat fruits tasty yummy
User 1: arranged marriages are fucked up idk how it happened for jheal but how they're searching for gaurav bhaiya oho if i was the girl i would've rejected the family only
User 2: itna kitna orthodox they are bapre is he nice?
User 1: aiyo like gaurav bhaiya is the typical patriarchal orthodox but overall good boy and my bua is awesome he's my buas son first one she has only three boys so they have little oocha naal naak  they're looking for a girl for him for quite some time they're doing it as if they're going shopping dude it's amazing today they met a girl okay in jaipur mom's also gone for that so the girls family had invited this side they'd all gone the girl was wearing full sleeves ka blouse with saree okay
User 2: wah what did mom say did she judge the girl how it is aiyoo dark matlab get lost lol shoppinggg but then girls also reject so that hes short and what not but yeah pretty shitty matlab one small fault and fucked. education toh important criteria hi nahi compared to others jinkesh was our first choice and jheal was their first choice. thank god ek mai hi pata diya what to order for dinner tell
User 1: jinks ka height thoda kam hai ya so it didn't get dirty here toh whatnot so i can't call today kya ?
User 2: yes but its a bit more than jheal so lol thank god prolly not jheal is leaving tomorrow till then i'll chill with fam tomorrow hopefully last day at the office
User 1: wish i could say the same
User 2: and look how the tables have turned
User 1: where?
User 2: arre matlab im spending time with fam and you're not what to order for dinner telll
User 1: fam is in jaipur thai curry
User 2: im ordering quesadilla and pizza woohoo oh fuck they arent delievering nvm pizzzaaaaa im ordering from a new pizzeria lets hope its a good one
User 1: wanna see a scarf i designed? jen please give me weight loss ideas didn't design but like mom designed getting it made for the girls
User 2: i dont understand if this is good or bad sorry
User 1: i'll wear it correctly and show it's probably looking bad on this top
User 2: aiyo you do proper weight training and eat properly and that will increase your muscle mass and thats all that is needed. there isnt enough fat to loose what about the scarf you were making for me the black one
User 1: ya i'll so do
User 2: haha you didnt touch only na
User 1: i'll do daaaa relax https:www.coursera.orgaccountaccomplishmentscertificatekjb8tgqmk64n https:www.coursera.orgaccountaccomplishmentscertificateaabg6gwbrzp7 whatcha upto
User 2: hello im at office the boss is such a waste he doesnt know shit
User 1: 9:25 pm 21st july landing jenn 9:25 pm 21st july landing
User 2: hiii
User 1: hello i'll see you on 22nd only 21st i'll stay in mangalore
User 2: nooooo come over no
User 1: no next day don't rush it baba i feel very sick after that drive
User 2: wth why it's not even ghats will you stay over on 22?
User 1: ya okay no actually i'll be on my period i'll go see my room and all have to set up i'll come some other time
User 2: aiyoo what to say
User 1: anyway your stupid building sucks
User 2: true that i'll try my best this year is different arghg i'm scared last semester for us and together that too damn sad like sheldon even i don't like change you at the gym or skip? my coaching people are scamming people so hard. sharing three year old things nowwwww
User 1: gymm damn are you serious yaaaa you're a smart boy i forgot
User 2: dude they were supposed to pay me and since i declined they didn't even give me the money that they owed me for getting a good rank and then they do this
User 1: ya ya you told me i remember cause you changed your college or something na
User 2: no wtf
User 1: arre
User 2: agreement said that all i know and marks are because of the teachers at smt which wasn't true so i told them remove physics from there and they said no. long story juicy gossip and drama is about to come
User 1: about what that marriage? hmm
User 2: i read that. no need to taunt me. they were wrong in this and i'll explain you calmly later dw. i think i have explained you but anyway marriage?
User 1: seventeen and twenty-one . hmm
User 2: no daaa about my tutorials
User 1: ohh why you told them something
User 2: sir met mayur recently and he said that he wants to make up to me and what they did to me wasn't right blah blah and then they posted this video yesterday aisho
User 1: look at this... https:pin.it4uf2ucadjngadb
User 2: if it doesn't look messy the interviews  also i'm planning to post this on the fb post how is it yet the institute discredited my achievements and did not treat me the same way as the other toppers, all because i did not agree to sign an ambiguous document which would in turn be used to wrongly defame other institutions that have contributed equally to my education.
User 1: no need stupid boy go tell them directly if you have a problem social media pe it's not right look at this... https:pin.itfnfdwsxjarhcmg if you want i can make one on one day and the other for the other day
User 2: aww thank tou that'll be nice that k you
User 1:  whatcha upto ? don't do all these indecent things
User 2: i won't do on social media i'll text the sir directly
User 1: let him talk first he's your teacher toh
User 2: yes i'm not sending to the teacher who stood by me but failed. i'll send to teacher who was like sign karnnahi toh paise nahi milege literally
User 1: okay tell him directly add good morning and all
User 2: yep
User 1: make it sound more respectful
User 2: yes added the intro and conclusion :p did obviously i'm not stupid dik
User 1: good good
User 2: wait i'll send him now lol
User 1: show me what you're sendding
User 2: hello sir this is jenit here.
User 1: thanking you
User 2: cutie mari i'll start talking to you in marru
User 1: okay
User 2: what's happening with vidushis job
User 1: she didn't do
User 2: aiyo not even trying?
User 1: no i'm on my period da life is toug bath is also
User 2: i know is okay text soon love you
User 1: will call when things are more decent lol lovely
User 2: haha text after getting ready baby
User 1: why i didn't look hot today kya ? you don't say this normally i sad
User 2: hahaha period no. thifns gets messy you take time and do everything lol what assumptions now you have to snapchat lolll
User 1: no things are best messy
User 2: motuu text soon chalo
User 1: hi baby i miss you sometimes
User 2: they took the video down hehe i miss you full time also i got private room pass in pubg.
User 1: ohooo
User 2: you come online everyone is coming
User 1: what's that ? oh ok
User 2: you'll see password is twelve thousand, three hundred and forty-five
User 1: that was damn ride
User 2: what happened?!!?!!
User 1: my internet went off for a sec
User 2: aiyooo
User 1: and you started the match
User 2: i thought it was on you were showing in lobby aishoooo sorry baby next game
User 1: no i don't want to playing i waited for so long stupid room you okay play
User 2: fuck i died i'm so sorry dik it's fun such lobbies hehe
User 1: i got so sad
User 2: awww i'm sorryyyy
User 1: why didn't you check
User 2: i thought you were in the lobby coochie your pic was thereeee
User 1: arre my internet timed out
User 2: aisho sorry
User 1: cause of so much waiting pch i sat sad
User 2: arre you dw we'll play alone also i'll tell you how to get the tickets
User 1: ohk i don't want to play stupid room ever again
User 2: arre ankur was coming now it's fine
User 1: okk
User 2: come we'll play normal
User 1: no i sad i delete pubg
User 2: wtf seriously??
User 1: no but i sad
User 2: i love you more than i love chocolate, pizza and everything else combinedddd
User 1: that's too much cutie but i like look at this... https:pin.ita6wb46oqhb6rih
User 2: hi boney hectic morning woke up late now lunch meeting shivanis bf today
User 1: oh god i'm going totally mad
User 2: packing? mm we're bowling woohooo where youuuu i did go karting sucked so hard wtf
User 1: why i am tired organising a party hello ?!
User 2: shivani didn't let me overtake and she let zahra so her timing was way better aisho snaps bhejo
User 1: no i'm sleeping i have an hour only
User 2: partybke bhai
User 1: huh
User 2: preparation ke snapsssss
User 1: ohkay i'll send dw
User 2: g1g1 fried food hehe i like
User 1: omg can't even eat it damn tough
User 2: only for guests? hahahah who are the guests btw
User 1: yes russia people
User 2: so many oldies bapreee are they making you sing
User 1: no i'm doing the audio visual
User 2: haha good saved ohooo dahi wadanall the way have two for me
User 1: hahah okay
User 2: i love those small nans with buuter
User 1: hahahahah you would've enjoyed the party even though the people are old and work is much the party all in all was fun birlas were here dude private jet ones and tata cement wala people it was good dude too much chamak
User 2: woohoo isn't that everyday in your life and parties haha goodd we are watch match at friends place and playing cards
User 1: enjoy enjoy
User 2: you'll sleep late? where you going tonighttt
User 1: yaaa vicky's bday tonight
User 2: ohhhh so busy you were today bat hi nahi hui you left?
User 1: mbar ya left my flat chilling at vickys
User 2: ohh who all are goingg
User 1: vicky shivangini vicky's friends whatsup
User 2: i'm still here chillinf the girls just came
User 1: where
User 2: match is ending
User 1: shivanis ? ya ik that
User 2: friends place no school
User 1: oh ok
User 2: i came home from that at four onky
User 1: oh days a but bit much open snap
User 2: too much? lolll why tho playing ps with friends
User 1: fifa
User 2: and has boozr
User 1: lol
User 2: that's our manipal too
User 1: chill correct
User 2: we get more lit tho
User 1: moving to a night club after
User 2: your party was funn ha you said good drink co trol or you'll regret again 
User 1: control yes
User 2: how's it going
User 1: lit
User 2: haha good it changed how's my tipsy baby
User 1: not tipsy
User 2: then not drinking enough how was itttt
User 1: good funnn laughed so much aiyoo
User 2: how come you're up so early you came home late no tell meeeee
User 1: movie at 12:30
User 2: what did you smoke and drinkkkk
User 1: kabir singh first drank kamakaze limon grey goose absolut i was drinking vodka dude mad how was i looking you didn't say anything?! met anuvrat at mbar he came drunk took a photo with me and sent it to pranu and went off too funny i was good yday not too out so i enjoyed then we came back home and smoked weed cross hogaya poora and so well i laughed for continuous two hours cause vicky's friends are too funny they were all calling me aap aap i was like kya ho raha hai vicky is my age i asked them all their birth year all said one thousand, nine hundred and ninety-eight then months were july sept aise i was like my boyfriend is younger than all of you 
User 2: you sent one pic only i don't remember properly
User 1: aiyo
User 2: haha good i'm glad haha aishi why you insult like this your buddhi notnmy fault
User 1: what's insult in this seven months shut up one boy was april 5th okay i was like he's one day older than me stop calling me didi cause shivangini di was there and i was chilling with her so everyone thought i was her age
User 2: hahaha who calls aap and didi man especially same year ke ninety-seven also if you were it's fine
User 1: you're so rude older means aap
User 2: aiyo not by such a small margin mad kya
User 1: they said they didn't know how old i was they thought i was older
User 2: you look so mature that aap buladiya
User 1: i was like i'll let that pass ya ya of course not man i look like a small girl i thought vatsal saw the pic i sent yday and said i'm looking good that i've lost weight that boy is so much sweeter than vedant idk how vedant became so badmaash but okay they're both amaze they're coming on 19th july i'll have to leave on 21st  damn sad
User 2: aiyo what they keep coming to kolkata for lol chennai is better only sp jain fucked it up you are small only baby you curl up in chotu circle and i can just hug you tight cutieputie
User 1: their dad house is here their parents are not together and now their mom shifted to kolkata they stay in chennai cause their factory is there hehehehhe
User 2: so now permanently here no hehe will go well with a slutty dress dude i don't understand these south bombay girla yesterday the boyfriend was also there no so even shivani was looking hot normally she looks like a fifteen year old boy with long hair itna kitna impress karna hai bhagwan jane also how did you like the movie? i heard it's too good
User 1: you'll enjoy it's getting kind of boring too long
User 2: yeah i heard the length why will i enjoy because there are drugs and smoking ? so rude dont do like this i'll watch it when it comes on tv. now trippppp i spoke to the optician. since i dont have spare lenses and all in mumbai i'll get them made tomorrow. and they'll give in one day also surprisingly according to mom, i doubt it though, i forgot everything for my eyes including sunglasses in maniipal so i'll try dads sunglasses and hope they look good on me too i'll snap you and you decide
User 1: ok ok ya and drama
User 2: what you doinggg ohooo classy af wear and show with the round one toh you'll become too sophisticated and hot for me it's okay it's okay i'll handle
User 1: thanks
User 2: .
User 1: let it get ready hehe
User 2: you just selected the frame kya? i thought you did a while back
User 1: no no just today got buy one get one free lol power also reduced back to 1.75 1.5 i'm glad you liked my specs they look damn smart on me also
User 2: wah man zahra is doing some eye treatment that is supposed to decrease a number by a lot. if it works then i'll do in december i'm too blind man i got my eyebrows done after the longest tome must get microsoft
User 1: yes you must please get i wanna boast i want mercedes benz lol you should come with me everytime i go you should come fifteen days ke andr grooming is everything never compromise clothes or anything else what's her power if my russia doesn't happen i'll go to delhi right divija knows proper makeup she'll teach me
User 2: 5lakhs ctc shi thats too less fornme but okay might as well looks beautiful less than two onlh
User 1: acha i see
User 2: then don't go to russia lol
User 1: ya how do you know ?
User 2: it will be boring i feel old people
User 1: hahahah
User 2: ik
User 1: russian ballet
User 2: gooood make uppp
User 1: taking of the shrew russian circus best in the world
User 2: these will be for short times
User 1: you crack
User 2: rest fulllll time oldies you'll die
User 1: we have front row tickets dude they play cards i love cards i love oldies
User 2: this is fine
User 1: fire an ak forty-seven
User 2: this is not
User 1: gun
User 2: you will??
User 1: ya they will see this
User 2: but will you get to fire
User 1: yaaaaaaaaaaaa if i go 
User 2: g1 oho meri kasab 
User 1: what?
User 2: kasab the terrorist wait i'll go have a bath i'm damn itchy. then i'll send you snaps nice i look hehe
User 1: hehe okay baby love you cutie when is your plane ?
User 2: tuesdday morning at 5:55 idk what we will do about leaving and all aisho uber we'll have to do
User 1: aiyo
User 2: tonight full night till i cant sleep i'll code
User 1: go to sleep baba
User 2: arreee par then eight days i wont be doing anything arghhh
User 1: it's okay
User 2: from the trip also i'll do little little in the morning without fail
User 1: relax buccha
User 2: puchie
User 1: you're on vacation
User 2: what board game are you playin
User 1: nothing why discussing with mom about boys
User 2: you sent a snap no so hahaha tell meee
User 1: hahah how to be smart i ordered 11k jitna ka kapda aiyo wanna see ?
User 2: elaborate mere liye :(??? show
User 1: no sorry ordered from vidushis phone shein ppl blocked me cause i ordered before and didn't pay them so they had to ship it back and all
User 2: ahhah why didnt you pay
User 1: i didn't have lols i ordered a red dress i hope you like it red dress maroon dress black cropped top white off shoulder black mini skirt some tops for class
User 2: aiyo one time mai they black list lol
User 1: ya jen where can i buy
User 2: you could have asked for later delivery or ask the neighbors
User 1: interview ke liye kapda ? i was in mpal
User 2: too many thing you bought oh loll hmmm marks and spencer definitely more formal i dont know ha wait ill ask jheal she wears formals only no or you ask
User 1: no i shy you ask jheal full suit wala set i need https:images.app.goo.glfd7hefhfdsuby4ls8 why don't you reply annoying child
User 2: sorryyyy i was coding no yeah i asked
User 1: okk
User 2: ha ill ask for this pubg aa
User 1: no
User 2: sorry no
User 1: arre i wanna watxh tv
User 2: idiot box tha na? hypocrite then you say even i can't have ine
User 1: i'm watching ahh don't forget it's for the kids not me
User 2: what is?
User 1: the no tv rule
User 2: aisho it keeps changing according to your mood no
User 1: no tv that's is it
User 2: you're lucky i'm such an obedient partner plus you're cute
User 1: that's what i told mom
User 2: i know everything y'all spoke about muhahah
User 1: you're also cutie patootie how
User 2: show me atleast the v neck thing shhh
User 1: tell ok
User 2: you ordered all???
User 1: ya
User 2: one two three four five
User 1: this i haven't ordered or this
User 2: order in which i'd like to fuck you
User 1: there are a few more
User 2: orderfdrr
User 1: you liked it?
User 2: your cleavage will look beautiful in jt
User 1: thanks hh
User 2: gett themmm alllll arghhhh khaluga tumhe pura pakka
User 2: that last emoji hurts
User 1: you're so cute jen
User 2: what if we go only till 3rd base everytimeeee you're cuter hon
User 1: i'll be hot now i can't handle it
User 2: your clothes you toh always were
User 1: i know i can't hahaha thanks hon
User 2: how much tv you will watch
User 1: grey's anatomy
User 2: did izzie die yet
User 1: long back
User 2: oh you're on the new ones good good chal i'm sleeping hottt hotty or maybe i meant potty hehe jk i love you.
User 1: hahahah good good jen baby my russia is final will go earlier to delhi
User 2: aisho i was going to go to delhi too but harshit confirmed very late chalo good good when to when but
User 1: i love you too
User 2: i think i'm getting your night ka messages now lol
User 1: huh will go on 29th i guess
User 2: and russia?
User 1: 5th july
User 2: till?
User 1: 15th july
User 2: ohoo good good what's the temp there rn? winter going on there no?
User 1: no pagal it's 21-24 with wind chill amazing temperature
User 2: itc woohoo great day ahead how will you do make up lolll
User 1: jitna i know i'll do more than that i don't need actually
User 2: how many hours lenses do you have man my left eye power increased to -5 fuckk
User 1: i have air optics hydra glide
User 2: but how many hours wala
User 1: i don't know sixteen hours
User 2: aiyo i didn't know i took the twelve hour one it's fine eh packing still hasn't started lolll
User 1: ya ya you won't need omg my boyfriend is going to show everyone how hot he is i'm happy start na hey bday boy pick the set you'd like to get seduced in
User 2: lol hehehhehe i loveeeee
User 1: okay
User 2: surprise meeeee
User 1: i'll decide yes done future i'll get it sorted in mpal though can't buy here
User 2: yes other vidushi will use it in biharis
User 1: no no mom will see and kick me out of the house
User 2: heheheh but buyyyy deffo too good
User 1: you like it ?
User 2: bothhh
User 1: bothhh hmm
User 2: i'll become a tiger and eat you pira
User 1: okay baby
User 2: grrrr hehe what you doing
User 1: i'm searching ways to seduce i'll learn some naughty things and come lap dance and all that
User 2: oho matlab my 21st birthday is already going to be too lot yayyyyy
User 1: very very very naughty stuff
User 2: i love how slutty you can become how can i not spank you
User 1: you have to and properly just the spanking part no kissing and all when spanking is going on then it's just cheating
User 2: but i like to kiss your bum
User 1: ok
User 2: its so cute and bootilicious
User 1: i can allow that
User 2: followed by some marks left on your bum
User 1: where is your bday party going to be at home?
User 2: nothing i have decided
User 1: okay device decide
User 2: lets see
User 1: so then i can decide
User 2: you dw you'll get how much ever time you want
User 1: and for heaven's sake don't fall sick on your bday last two bdays mine and yours you've fallen sick idm doing sex two times a week
User 2: only 18th birthday i was sick im starring this messagee you remember
User 1: nah my bday also you were sick okay i'll tell you full month mein ten days on the first of every month i'll let you know so you be free
User 2: ooooo interesting i acceot you dw
User 1: yesss hahaha cutie jenny
User 2: i dont need itna heads up
User 1: hahaha okay then i'll not tell you
User 2: this vacation has been tough not having sex
User 1: surprise for you i agree it's okay
User 2: no i'll rememberrrr
User 1: we will manage one day you'll just come back from college
User 2: you are a naighty naughty girl
User 1: or from outside and you'll see me naked on your bed with cutie booty ready to eat 
User 2: first you'll be spanked for being so naughty
User 1: i'm naughty i know
User 2: when its red enough, you shall be dripping
User 1: but don't tell everyone it's a secret between us
User 2: lol ik
User 1: you me and some sexy sexy spanking
User 2: im going to put four fingers this sem. be ready
User 1: you did three ?
User 2: yeah lol havent you noticed??
User 1: no i was probably very wet so even if you did i wouldn't know
User 2: you're gooing to be very wet throughout this semester
User 1: okay if i'm feeling not so in the mood just give me literotica lol and tell me you'll spank me 22nd night it is then
User 2: or we should bunk classes and fuck all day
User 1: no that's not a sexy thing to say you know what is though throughout the day i'll wear a thong only the two of us know so when it's time i'll be too wet for any foreplay
User 2: hahah good i agree its done then i shall cross check so you cant cheat
User 1: oops sorry jen have to move the date to 24th my period is being a bitch by then the lingerie would've arrived
User 2: save for birthday no
User 1: so you can fuck me through the crotchless undies i'll order enough and i have a couple there also don't worry my baby i'll make it hot af for you
User 2: would you like to snapchat me because im tooo hard
User 1: you're really cute no sorry can't
User 2: aisho okay okay cutily what you doinggg
User 1: i'm still looking for lingerie i think i'll go for a black set and a maroon set
User 2: whichh aafreen got caught smoking or something so mostly her trip is canned two people down already lol
User 1: hahah it's okay you guys will still enjoy take some games or something cards and all are you excited to see me all dressed for the wedddinggfff
User 2: we areee get ready and send picccc or while getting ready all steps along the wa
User 1: which shh jen guess who chose this lol i'll buy this ? talk to me na i'm bored packing done ?
User 2: whooo yassss forty mins flat ez i just have to get small small things
User 1: vidushi hehe that toh after brushing and all n a
User 2: its not that slutty also its nice only so eh ?
User 1: small small things like toothbrush hairbrush etc don't forget your charger take your dslr
User 2: no stuff that i dont have
User 1: take theobroma
User 2: lol no
User 1: huh like what
User 2: naa
User 1: whyyyy yyyyy
User 2: sanitizer, lenses, tongue cleaner, batteries we all have the latest phone that camera is senough plus its just extra thing that i can break or loose lose
User 1: lensessssss hello hottie 
User 2: we are here full time we dont need it no you relax da
User 1: hehe i've been saying for so long now you listen ya cause ultimately i only ordered it
User 2: der aaye drust aaye aiyo what that doctor learned in her medical i dont understand hows the dressing up going
User 1: hair took fifty mins just curls it's not holding only so silky he's like aapka hair bahut acha quality hai maintain kariye i'm like thanks but cause of that the curls don't hold poora bottle spray daal diya
User 2: i apply that purple serum only that you call oill and now you're applying it aisho its fine go without curls but dont apply so much product its bad for hair
User 1: chill jen my hair is awesome remember no i want curls stfu
User 2: lol okay then spoil your hair go
User 1: hehe
User 2: dress you don't show only you look very pretty honey
User 1: thank you heavy enough for you ?
User 2: haha loll yes dw send your face pic again it wasn't very clear
User 1: it's looking better
User 2: beautiful woman keeping finger on flash aiyo
User 1: dad clicked
User 2: veryyyy mature you're looking now people can call didi or aunty also hehe too good diks
User 1: arre
User 2: dw about farewell all sarees look good on you
User 1: hahah this is a lehenga you toh
User 2: everything is saree only you shut up
User 1: hahahah okay
User 2: poochie poochie awwww you go have fun now send snaps of the plavet
User 1: yaaa
User 2: you didn't send anything i sad
User 1: aiyooo my phone switched off so much daat i got
User 2: lolll send pics i'm sleeping now barely i'll get to sleep ish
User 1: it was same style as jheals sangeet
User 2: what was?
User 1: the sangeet today with the lcd screen in the background and that dance in which background mein screen is coordinated waisa hi tha i got an idea for my sister's sangeet something different
User 2: tell
User 1: no go to sleep else you'll be tired cutie jenny
User 2: gm i reachedddd
User 1: gm how's it going
User 2: bad we almost got fuck at the airport
User 1: y
User 2: i'll tell you later
User 1: ok
User 2: but clear coast now
User 1: stay safe
User 2: yesss long drive ahead we'll reach at night only
User 1: aiyo go to sleep take avomine
User 2: forgot i slept thoda on flight but next to me uncle was snoring toooo loudly
User 1: lolll aiyooo go to sleep then otherwise you'll vomit
User 2: i don't get motion sickness pagal
User 1: oh i see singapore russia hehehe wassup jen
User 2: show off haat hii
User 1: how highh are you
User 2: have to preserve battery so doing on off not at all we got very bad stuff at chandigarh
User 1: ohhh why
User 2: so now directly manali
User 1: damn kasol you will get
User 2: drivers friend lol manali first everyone is sleeping i'm in the last row so chair doesn't bend so much can't sleep
User 1: sleep on the lap of the person next to you
User 2: no aisho i'll sleep in your laps okay hehe i'm herreee woohoooo
User 1: how's it you said i'll reach at night i'm skipping lunch ate a good bfast
User 2: i meant like on the trip still four hours more and we've stopped for lunch aisho eat somethinf thoda rice
User 1: https:www.coursera.orgaccountaccomplishmentscertificateesc5xwfj6y4k sooo cute  elephant ears
User 2: so tooucj traffic
User 1: huh
User 2: so much
User 1: huh how ohoo aiyo this is so scary but eh mountains chal good are you getting bored
User 2: veryyy but music is playing and good scenery
User 1: aiyooo
User 2: still 1.5 hour
User 1: play something na smoke up should i tell you a cool smoke up game you pull next person has to pull say a brand with the end of the previous one and then exhale no thinking time allowed so aldo aise enjoy enjoy go play
User 2: we don't have stash only lol what are these designs
User 1: look at this... https:pin.ito3qop4vnu2o4jd
User 2: you're not teen anymore :p
User 1: shut up useless chi only promote
User 2: for your room you're seeing?
User 1: ya
User 2: it's twenty degrees here and i'm toh already feeling cold lol
User 1: you're totally mad did you butt dial me
User 2: no i dialed dialed you
User 1: acha bad net wait
User 2: i'll go the hotel and call twenty mins away only
User 1: okk
User 2: i'm tipsy after two beers onky i'm going to die today
User 1: hahhahaha khana nahi khaya
User 2: obviously not we'll go now to eat
User 1: okk eat and drink otherwise tomorrow you'll miss out did you want me to talk more 
User 2: yesss
User 1: sorry  i shy
User 2: but these guys are too drunj and we have to leave otherwise the cafes will shut
User 1: be careful all of you take care of each other
User 2: dude steam is coming out of mouth that cold
User 1: ohooo enjoy man it's burning here
User 2: hahah i go through worse in mumbai there's too much contrast i like simple
User 1: aiyo it's a patchwork wall
User 2: means?
User 1: means it's supposed to look chaotic should i switch any two pics is there anything that's getting lost look at this... https:pin.itj7a2wqydmqxfr2 look at this... https:pin.itmsiyg5w7u6lsjp look at this... https:pin.itxrtd7meexuww4e
User 2: i don't understand so this since it's so chaotic
User 1: hahaha enjoy my coochie i love you jaaneman 
User 2: i love you too honeu dude it's too coolllllddee undying i'm dying it's fifteen
User 1: aiyooo drink na then you'll feel better please get back to the hostel safely leave from wherever you are and go back to the hostel aiyo take care
User 2: so cute so caring poochi we are chilling here only till it shuts then hostel
User 1: you get back to the hostel and text me that you reached baba somewhere in the mountain drunk poochi ok you texted that properly so i guess you're not that fucked
User 2: after food i'm pretty sober lel time to get refuckedde
User 1: look at this... https:pin.itmc2aaymhdyg7kt good good enjoy how are you going to go back to the hostel
User 2: it's a ten min walk only max you relax bby hii i'm back to the hostel we're trying chillam hehe just sleeping lol
User 1: okk enjoy
User 2: gm
User 1: you're awake too early for someone who is supposed to be hungover
User 2: you know me dude this clean air doesn't let you get hangover touch wood solang today
User 1: waaah enjoy enjoy be careful
User 2: what you doinggg bby
User 1: just got up have to go to the visa lady and collect my glasses urgent this is otherwise i won't be able to go
User 2: aisho ha how many days does it take
User 1: if i apply today it'll happen
User 2: aishoo no time to waste
User 1: delhi got canned have to give bad news to divija mahiman 
User 2: lol i'm toh happy :p
User 2: you didn't say anythingggg
User 1: damn nice i just saw and came so maybe skipped i
User 2: rude what just saw when did you go
User 1: cherrapunji remember
User 2: hehe send more pics with specs
User 1: you like them ?
User 2: you look very classy very pretty
User 1: thank you
User 2: you went for work or visa
User 1: visa office is right next to work so now i did that and i'm at work but today work is only from two so till then i'm free i'll do coursera
User 2: aisho so you should have gone home no whens the last day
User 1: it's far thirty mins
User 2: man we made a common bank for money they waste so much aiyo
User 1: how waste
User 2: i'm telling them that don't buy this or that because shivani told me not to do those since they are waste and don't hit or are ripping off. they are still buying that yesterday full day we were traveling and reached at night still we spent 18k yesterday
User 1: hahahhaahhaha enjoy jen it's okay
User 2: yep atvs now woohooo
User 1: oho wash wahh enjoy what's the rate
User 2: atv, zorbing, zipline, rocket launching and river crossing was 1k i did only zorbing zipline and atv
User 1: cheaaaaapppppp
User 2: yepp. but the food is damn expensive here so it's covers. but tooo good. i smoked new kind of thc too good
User 1: hahahahhaha did you play the smoke up game ?
User 2: no we just kept talking bd bs lolll loll
User 1: haha okk mere liye kuch leke aao yeh kya hai yeh mat lana
User 2: everything over here is realed to high stuff lol i got nice woolen type pants it might be too big for you i'll find and get
User 1: hahah okk
User 2: these guys are popping the pills today
User 1: cute
User 2: i don't want to ya that sakshi forces too much they are buying shit stuff for double the pricr and the person who easily gets convinced by marketing skills talks and just orders everything aiyo
User 1: you can't that's it lol no jk i suggest you try it actually
User 2: why man
User 1: hehe cause you should try everything and you're with the right crowd so go for it
User 2: na
User 1: i love you jenny
User 2: i'm too tired today
User 1: i miss
User 2: i came back and slept for thirty mins me too
User 1: missed video call aiyo you're becoming tired my coochie bacha it's okay baby go to sleep then
User 2: it's fine i'm drinking hehe
User 1: haha i know i saw are you feeling cold
User 2: no good night like it is a good night also peer pressure and alcohol worked i popped 14th pill
User 1: hahahah how it go
User 2: don't laugh not proud nothing yet
User 1: missed video call poochi don't take bt about taht if you've done it then enjoy
User 2: yepp
User 1: yupp how'd it go
User 2: i'll tell you when it hits
User 1: lol it won't hit if it hasn't yet chal you text when ever you want i'll sleep love you cutie gn can't pick type lovely boy
User 2: can't
User 1: ohooooo enjoy enjoy stay safe have fun 
User 2: aiyo dikshita that was something so different
User 1: haha enjoyed? how was it ?
User 2: so cute veryyyy good you just become very very appreciative
User 1: huh i didn't get you
User 2: when i popped they made a new phone rule so i couldnt text you
User 1: ohooo
User 2: like you just see the good in everything
User 1: it's okay no problem i slept anyway okay now don't tell more you don't have to do again bas
User 2: i tried calling you so many times yepp
User 1: i slept bacha
User 2: hat i slept so less and i'm already awake good weather no you get fresh faster
User 1: hehe cute cute enjoy
User 2: talk to me noooo
User 1: acha okay tell my bua is coming cause someone died so she took a flight in the morning
User 2: aiyo who died someone close in your fam?
User 1: nah from her side someone
User 2: okay okay so excited for second last day at worl
User 1: aaj chutti hai kal jaake submit karna hai bas over
User 2: har roz hi chutti hai lol how is the report
User 1: hehehheheh not ready
User 2: also dik, what happened to our one happy snap a day
User 1: rohtang pass is not cold
User 2: wait i'll connect to wofo snow is there maddo
User 1: huh who made this rule then also it's not cold daaa it's damn sunny and no wind chill
User 2: no it's cold shut up show meeeeee
User 1: it's nottttt i swearrr
User 2: i want to see you shower it's been too long i miss you too much atleast send your muscly pose again let's see the improvement
User 1: okay wanna see showering video ? hehe okay then when i'm showering i will switch on video chat no shh my gym membership expired i can't renew cause i'm going to russia
User 2: nooo it won't be clear. the quality of video doesn't do justice to your beautt and booty after that do dw i want
User 1: then showering i can't give you
User 2: do you feel naughty
User 1: so much drama you have no my bathroom is dirty i don't feel naughty at all
User 2: lolll
User 1: i want clean bathroom :(
User 2: swiper use
User 1: i will send at midday why will i clean dhat
User 2: i can't wait everything now
User 1: you didn't tell me which black set you wanted me to buy for your bday ?
User 2: or i'll spank you hard
User 1: you're too naughty
User 2: told you to surprise me
User 1: how but i get them alllll hehheheheheheheheh
User 2: one was the one that has open underwear and the other one with hot bra no
User 1: it's called
User 2: yep
User 1: crotchless panties what else would you like to dooo
User 2: im to excited fuck you ok the table while you're still wearing your panties i'll take you from the back and pull your hair give you a hickey on your neck
User 1: heheheh good plan
User 2: then i'll flip you over and slowly insert myself in you
User 1: you're so dirty come on snap
User 2: yes i took an afternoon nap too hehe now we'll go roam the city
User 1: hehe i booked my delhi 2nd july
User 2: hot chocolate is too good lol how come
User 1: enjoy cutieeee send pics no pics i'm getting what is this why not 2nd july
User 2: you deleted this message i don't have more i'll get everything badme
User 1: okay
User 2: do your report motu
User 1: haan i'll do
User 2: kya kiyaaa
User 1: shopping colour contacts
User 2: which ahow
User 1: turquoise amethyst what will i show in contacts
User 2: i thought you got clothes too na
User 1: no no even if i'd bought clothes i wouldn't show you it's secret so shh sunday going for phone tomorrow packing for russia dayafter going for completing russia ka outfits scarves and all we have less that's why
User 2: aisho lol i have one scarf where to use all this ishh
User 1: hahah traveling
User 2: i'm so content with this trip already
User 1: oho wah haha enjoy i'm only liking hearing your stories
User 2: and snapsssss
User 1:  wear mountain clothes
User 2: what to say don't want to fight since idk her that well hot chocolateeeee
User 1: jennn i'm getting braces put again for perfection
User 2: wth
User 1: it's not proper still
User 2: it's nice only
User 1: no no i don't like it
User 2: when tho aiyo don't do
User 1: why i want my smile is weird af
User 2: looks funny at our age so nice it is it makes my day dontttt
User 1: mostly it'll be for six months only
User 2: noooo don't you don't need
User 1: i need i'll put later though in december
User 2: nooooo ish
User 1: so that it's ready before masters
User 2: natak only
User 1: i need buddy
User 2: i need you buddy
User 1: heheh you'll get for six months why i can't i put anyways i miss my braces i've put retainers everyday for three years now then also when i put it
User 2: because your smile is perfect
User 1: it seems right tight
User 2: what bhoot you get no cutie
User 1:  yaaa it needs to be more straight https:m.timesofindia.comlife-stylehealth-fitnessweight-lossweight-loss-these-8-facial-exercises-will-help-you-get-rid-of-face-fatampetphotostory68376124.cms https:m.femina.inwellnessfitness5-easy-workouts-that-reduce-wrinkles-and-give-you-a-slimmer-face-7196.ampreferrerhttps3a2f2fwww.google.comamptffrom2025124s jen gb gn
User 2: loll do jawlineeee early start today which one to post motuuu
User 1: this
User 2: this?
User 1: okk what have you written where is this ohhh dj aww love you jennnn we're in the revels after movie      jen all is good na you haven't texted for a very long time have you slept everything ok toh again no phone rule kya ok ok it's ok enjoy love you good night
User 2: hi honey no phone rule we decided to sleep by 5ish pm and everyone is just getting up lol i woke up in between but no one was awake so i slept love you too cutiee here also we're eating hehehhe yeppp good sleep sleep cycle is such a toss lollll i love you too honey gm we are just getting back lolll i was the best at taboo all because of experience gained through you thank you poker also i won hehe fun night
User 1: waaaah if you were the best how bad were your friends aiyo jen sorry baby you're too cute i have starte feeling bad for bullying you now i love you  waaah good very good i like winners
User 2: loll gooddd arre they were high and slow i was like dikshita ka nam roshan marna padega
User 1: you weren't high ?
User 2: so in my turn i made them guess eight cards in 1.5 min
User 1: waaaaah
User 2: i was but . i love you too i like you hehehe
User 1: hehe ya cause i'm a winner thank you
User 2: lion king we'll go together
User 1: waaahahhahahah hindi mein i'll not see english only
User 2: ya obviously you think i need convincing for that?
User 2: hi baby how was the submission yesterday
User 1: i didn't go i went shopping my submission happened though made plans  with cousins i'll go again with you
User 2: oho first day is necessary so it's okau yayy cutie naughty only full time you're not showing me only anything stilettos dikhao and brasss if you got new
User 1: i didn't buy too beautiful never going to wear it only
User 2: hahaha why we'll find some occasion
User 2: showwww meeee somethinggt no dresses? you ordered those dresses you showed me? oo packing russia flight is from delhi?
User 1: yes i did but then they cancelled it what for?
User 2: yesterday's shopping ooh great then
User 1: no delhi on tuesday russia on friday my outfits are so good jen
User 2: you don't forget me on either trips ha i'll be sad i saw fewww very classy especially with those specs
User 1: the world is jealous
User 2: who loll
User 1: hehehhehehe i have single room in moscow thanks
User 2: and other places sharing with vidushi? where will she be in moscow
User 1: she's not coming to russia she has class
User 2: i thought it was both or none lol g1 let's hope your mom is only your roommate old people fart a lot i don't like
User 1: ya truly .. st petersburg im with mom dad peace
User 2: only two cities?
User 1: ya two hotels rest day trips
User 2: five starts i want man i'm so drumj
User 1: what ? hahahhahaha it's two pm 
User 2: i'm trying to get my ticket cancelled and come to delhi
User 1: aiyo sweetheart don't do  so sweet don't do baby i have to be with family
User 2: i'm making bad decisions while drunk can you not bitch
User 1:  enjoy enjoy chill in dels
User 2: you have to meet me lol if i come i'm not even asking you
User 1: okay
User 2: you'll meet no :(((?
User 1: aiyo coochi i'll try my best
User 2: not done and you know it again i'll fight later tho i'm too fucked rn
User 1: hahahahha enjoy
User 2: no you talk to me and tell me you'll meet me you don't irritate like this you decide if you wanna chill with divija and mahiman or me and divija
User 1: aiyio
User 2: i'm sure of you tell him i'm coming he'll back out automatically
User 1: ya ya definitely if you're free during the day why can't you meet me then ?
User 2: idk what i will be. but meeting at night and chilling with friends in harshits car (not public transport) is different and more fun and if your mom finds out i might be coming we both know she won't say no you know this is the only question
User 1: she knows she's sitting right here no it's not okay fine i'll arrange one night
User 2: cool then i'll talk to dad
User 1: okay how many days are you coming for listen divija ke saath bhaiya will also come you want to meet bhaiya ?
User 2: why nor let's see i'll get back and see everything
User 1: okay he's the one getting married in december
User 2: i remember hi just woke up oops
User 1: awww what is this pathetic sleep cycle  talk to meeeee i can't deal with this npr
User 2: arre traveling no so have to accommodate accordingly hi cutie putie npr?
User 1: no phone rule suiulpppppp
User 2: heheh
User 1: how it go enjoying with friends ? how many days to go ?
User 2: everything is closed and we're hunting for a place to eat one friend just joined the engaged one lol
User 1: ohooooo hussain no sorry faiza
User 2: humaid pagal if they hookup then extra marital affair lol
User 1: oh my goddddd things escalated damn quickly
User 2: but dude they are still so tight. good after breakup
User 1: good na
User 2: keeps things cordial and group intact
User 1: what you're planning to be tight with me kits kya
User 2: foreverrrrr
User 1:  ok ok
User 2: what caption to use
User 1: good good
User 2: for that pic
User 1: what for hmm this one i'm cuter than the cutest sheep i saw here
User 2: this not as cute as you so i can't use it
User 1: no horrible teda head ignore the mountains and tell me how my haircut looks
User 2: exactlyyyy aiyo why so cocky
User 1: hiking like a viking
User 2: i'm humble goodd
User 1: so not good na if you can survive camping with someone you should marry them on the way home
User 2: hehe we'll go we told the restaurant people that it's shaillys birthday now they are getting a surprise for her lololol
User 1: wow so cute dude
User 2: freshly baked for us
User 1: ohooo tumlogko hit karega ??? it's not weed ka na shilly hehe thank her for her hotstar dude that's how i saw last two episodes
User 2: no lol you're so bad shh she doesn't know she gave only me no lol
User 1:  ohoo
User 2: gm hehe we were supposed to go for a long trek today and leave by seven everyone is just waking up lol
User 1: gmmm hahhahaha it's okay enjoy enjoy go in the afternoon
User 2: can't it's too far and bad traffic after morning what is your sunday going to be like
User 1: getting a new phone getting dad winter wear getting my interview suit should i take a skirt or pants for my suit ?
User 2: pant dude after one plus six not headphone jack i suggest you buy the bullets earphones as well
User 1: no horrible shh
User 2: what's wrong with you they are made especially for oneplus and are wireless otherwise how will you listen to music gettttt even i'll raid it then hehe mistake
User 2: karoooo don't be stupid you're getting a new phone and you have to evolve with tech so bye bye wired earphone you must do
User 1: simply i have to charge five hundred things uff i can't spend so much money i'm already buying a phone and a suit i bought jeans and heels i bought saree ka blouse ka kapda totally crazy thirty-three  eight already too much money i can't spend more bas
User 2: okay for cover get rhinosheild atleast so even if i throw your phone nothing will happen to it :p
User 1: ya but then i'll break your head
User 2: fair enough hi we are trying to decide what to do since we woke up too late for what we decided to lol
User 1: sorry dadi came you missed our out jennnnnbnn see snap
User 2: aisho i saw hellooo
User 1: hello we can do a quickie    
User 2: sorry honey we are about to leave oops
User 1: oops
User 2: but if you want to send the go ahead
User 1: okay go cutie jenny hahah no fun without you 
User 2: ttue but if you must masturbate then you should
User 1: i'm not doing crazy
User 2: lolll it's regulation
User 1: no
User 2: see my snapsss
User 1: guess which one i bought
User 2: blue one
User 1: this blue or. one
User 2: ish the worst
User 1: you're mad you have no sense
User 2: dudeeee
User 1: say
User 2: so guess who was smoking up on the adjacent table in a cafe
User 1: the guy from pop xo
User 2: sangeet and pool party host 
User 1: hahahahahhahahah are you serious that lady ?
User 2: so awkward it was
User 1: can i call sweetie
User 2: we are watching match later i'll call cutie pubgggg
User 1: we're going to lose
User 2: download everything on one okus
User 1: :( yesssss
User 2: it's fine
User 1: eight gb ram two hundred and fifty-six gb
User 2: we just have to win one match aiyo
User 1: lols
User 2: then you say you don't want to waste money pagal
User 1: lol dad said it's okay buy two hundred and fifty-six i said why no need
User 2: you should have said get me earphones
User 1: he's like no no
User 2: madddooo
User 1: he said buy that also he was willing to buy the jbl wala neck ke around i was like no no it's five k let me do a little research then i'll buy
User 2: arre bullets are made especially for one plus don't be stupid
User 1: i don't want that stupid bullet rubbish what it is annoying acha send on amazon show me
User 2: it's like this only
User 1: oh i see jbl is a better brand i regretted those seinheiser ones everyday i'll not trust your earphones ka judgement
User 2: https:www.oneplus.inbullets-wireless-2 fine but these are the proper knes
User 1: okay okay i'll check it out
User 2: that's also because you didn't want to spend much that time
User 1: are you crazy
User 2: i also want so you get for both if us
User 1: i'm a shopaholic sweetie ok
User 2: i know but stikk
User 1: how to one plus i'll learn now
User 2: it same shush change your back and front buttons ka setting
User 1: huh
User 2: navigation bar and gestures mai go and change to whatever you like
User 1: say yes or no for the followinv
User 2: get rhinosheild maddo
User 1: eh no chi boring
User 2: this this this
User 1: bas ? it's one hundred bucks pick more you're the artist
User 2: that much protection also mad
User 1: so i'm asking you
User 2: get proper safety cover that looks good
User 1: i don't drop my phone jenn
User 2: i do no
User 1: i'll not give you only
User 2: fine fine fineeeee
User 1: no fingerprint also for you my phones are all katti with you
User 2: what is this i'll remove yours
User 1: acha you will ?
User 2: if you don't about me
User 1: why you be mean to me
User 2: why you be mean to meee
User 1: when was i mean to you
User 2: .
User 1: ya so if you're not going to use my phone why need fingerprint
User 2: why won't i use your phone
User 1: cause you'll break if you were supposed to call me baby your phone is 6t na ?
User 2: no i won't i passed out sorry hehe just six
User 2: gm
User 1: gm sup
User 2: going to malana today long trek
User 1: you woke up good good
User 2: 2ish hours by car and then 1.5 hour trek everyone slept competitively early yesterday i mean we are two hours late but eh
User 1: competitively ?
User 2: we'll get traffic on the eay comparatively oops
User 1: not like it became any clearer ya ya traffic on the mountains
User 2: noob sad days true
User 1: what has the world come to
User 2: i'm using monils sunglasses since he's not comingn
User 1: my beard boy
User 2: hehe i'll shave after trip
User 1: why's he not coming yes please 
User 2: he burned his leg no so long treks no and humaid is lazy so he's also staying bsck
User 1: ohisho okk the guy who's engaged
User 2: yep breakfast parathaaa and chai chai is so good everywhere and hot chocolate
User 1: maggii
User 2: too much maida i had only once
User 1: ok ok
User 2: today we are going to a village that has the aryan race so we are beneath them according to then
User 1: oooohhh hotttt
User 2: so we can touch anyone thete and can't touch temples and all too
User 1: haha you're the untouchables haha funny
User 2: the other day in a cafe humaid was like i'm from kolkata to tease me to the waitet and waiter started talking in bengali i was like uh.....
User 1: hahhahahahah hahhahahah dumbasssss bengali is like hindu hindi
User 2: noooo very different dialect
User 1: hahah no
User 2: chalo bhashi bobobo
User 1: what are you saying
User 2: bhalo that's bengaliii
User 1: hahahha that means like bas aage peeche kuch nahi i like is ami bhalo bhashi i like you is ami tumake bhalo bhashi
User 2: i like you too
User 1: hehe done with siemens woohoooo can we partty already bobobo to you to
User 2: lol kitna toh we worked today lol
User 1: haha good good enjoy
User 2: maaz and sakshi are a new coulle such a honeymoon phase in the trip it's annoying
User 1: aww who this thiggh that shorts wali girl? i went to kaya to get my upper lip cleaned she said there's nothing to do in this lol so i left two thousand, five hundred saved
User 2: ues loll good one nothing else to get done?
User 1: haircut after lunch i'll pack and then go for that one getting fringes hehe back to first year haircut
User 2: aishoooo i'll oray there are many temples in malana for your haircut pehla pyaar jab hua
User 1: yas
User 2: the locals here are fun we are talking to one at the cafe
User 1: what is he saying?
User 2: no like they are so chill they meet so many people no so he's like has thodi english learn ki for russians and all then he's like let's smoke together and he removed his stash this is the cafe keeper
User 1:  waaaaahh some crazy trip you're doing
User 2: we're stopping every one hundred and fifty steps ish too out of breath low oxygen level no
User 1: noooo lungs are weak af so much smoking wanna pubg ?
User 2: i'm still trekking just reached malana i'm at 9k feet motu with your bp you toh will die onoy
User 1: ohooooo no i won't please i'm very fit low bp is nornal for me
User 2: hehe but it's too steep like and steep show hairrr
User 1: yaaaa i get it have you guys reached how's it going ?
User 2: yeppp we are in a cafe
User 1: do you like it ? you're always in a cafe please don't miss my purse  jen baby are you high
User 2: for haircut yes lel heheheh i shy good good use it
User 1: cute 
User 2: now what plans
User 1: complete the rest of my packing
User 2: just leaving the he village nice cool breeze hehe
User 1: this screen is bigger than my nexus
User 2: hello hahaha played pubg no? play on ultra high setting
User 1: damn forgot to download i'll do that on my other phone
User 2: it won't work in that download no you are missing out
User 1: on what ?
User 2: nexus
User 1: baby cutie i'll do who will play with me
User 2: meee ajao
User 1: wait let me download
User 2: kare hi nahi
User 1: hehe karoongi
User 2: jhoot
User 1: don't simply
User 2: i cry
User 1: see motu
User 2: dataaaaa use it
User 1: it's not working you think my data is good or what
User 2: kolkata mai they don't give network ew
User 1: no it's airtel that sucks jio works on point chal i'll sleep off tomorrow early morning
User 2: why
User 1: cause i'm going to delhi
User 2: oh yeah oops text me
User 1: seven hundred and twenty flight yeah yas i will 11am i'll be there twelve hours to go lol
User 2: ish bad city
User 1: love you baby i love iron man i'm sad he died chal gn
User 2: cutie patotie good one they applied? pretty girl i'm drunk hehe i'll miss you when you're in vacation i love your hair your face is only so cute i could eat pura
User 1: awww drunk texting your girlfriend hmmm nice i like
User 2: i'm still here gmmm
User 1: why still awake?
User 2: we were drunk chilling i'm still drunk going to sleep text my when you land good night baby
User 1: lol what a cutie jenny i hate bombay dude my flight got indefinitely delayed cause it was in ahmedabad then couldn't go to bombay cause of rains and so couldn't come to kolkata what. a. waste. looking for other options going today for sure tumhari bombay flight nahi udegi too much rain in your stupid cuty when are you leaving for bombay ?
User 2: tomorrow oops i hope it doesn't delay much and all
User 1: offo
User 2: lolll kya routes dekh rahe ho
User 1: hopeless booked one pm indigo
User 2: aisho till that time you'll be in airport only?
User 1: i came back home wtf why will i stay at the airport lol
User 2: oh i thought you'd gone inside no naughty
User 1: ya i went inside they said we'll give refund and all i was like k then they only got me out some other way is there be awara
User 2: huh lol good no
User 1: yes pick from covers
User 2: you want thus i like like
User 1: i want this how do you know loveeee eh
User 2: you know i know no
User 1: no i don't know you know
User 2: well i know everything
User 1:  you don't know how much i like you
User 2: hehehe i shy
User 1: heheh
User 2: fly safe honey
User 2: i love you
User 1: thank youuyy god bless oneplus seven ka battery life bless it bless it good
User 2:  welcome to be world new
User 1:  truly
User 2: text me when you land
User 1: talk na what are you guys up to ?
User 2: hi nothing just woke up hangover smoking some
User 1: you woke up lateeeerer hahahaha do do
User 2: i got big boil on my butt. not like boil just swelling idk how
User 1: morning morning jen why is your butt like this
User 2: morning idk ya i took care of it this summer i spied bio oil everydau
User 1: aww what a cutie it'll take some time na keep doing it'll happen does it look better now ? how it feel ? like my butt ?
User 2: idk hehe nono your butt is toh godly
User 1: aww how's the j
User 2: tasting bad. morning mai i had chocolate first thing
User 1: ohooo
User 2: i'll miss these mountains dude
User 1: hahaha yaaaaaaa i can imagine
User 2: they want to do activities today also i'm so tired urgh oh i forgot to tell you. the two girls made out. got six of us boys so excited
User 1: achaaaaaaaaa you forgot to tell me is it you can't forget something like that i know you jen baby it's okay you could've told me before  ya you should do
User 2: arre it happened last night only in the morning i forgot to tell
User 1: liar liar bum on fire acha ok
User 2: how's delhiiii
User 1: i believe you hottttt still at the airport
User 2: lol how did you surprise
User 1: fucked it up sent her a snapchat of her room she knew cause my stuff arrived before me i was supposed to come by an earlier flight right so then faill
User 2: lolll how's everyone at home
User 1: chilllllliinnngggg
User 2: how was it with the ex lolll
User 1: not meet met he's in a different house
User 2: let him stay there only:p in a cafe lol going back only
User 1: no need to be so insecure
User 1: cutie jenny
User 2: i like to everything you know na hence you must answer million questions a day also because i miss you
User 1: miss you too 
User 2: we'll play hehe what you doing do you want to snap
User 1: lol
User 2: eh motu i sad
User 1: relax jen keep calm and carry on
User 2: aiyo i don't like people texting me from your phone
User 1: just chill jen
User 2: she called me jenty so i thought it was you
User 1: it's divija that's why she did
User 2: give her the phone man
User 1: y i'm here if you're offended, i'm sorry never meant to
User 2: i don't even know
User 1: jen are you high ?
User 2: snap your face why you give your phone and let them read the messages man
User 1: don't get pissed it's okay
User 2: no it's not 100times ive told you
User 1: fine then keep feeling bad i can't do shir
User 2: .
User 1: about your touchy feely emotions cause the phone opened with my eyes only and she's sitting right here
User 2: why are giving me attitude. your friend has no etiquettes not my fault it's yours.
User 1: she's my sister first of all i'm not giving attitude
User 2: and mahiman your brother
User 1: just stop being so stuck up ?
User 2: if divija is your sister then mahiman is your brother no? i'm sorry for getting irritated by something i've told you one hundred times not to do it. ?
User 1: she was just kidding
User 2: they don't even say first who is talking
User 1: if you can't take it just stay out of it
User 2: wtf? she was texting me pretending to be you. dafuq am j supposed to do you're just shouting at me for no reason
User 1: she wasn't doing that
User 2: obviously she was
User 1: she was being herself only
User 2: she said later it was you moreover she read something personal what is wrong with you why are you shouting at me
User 1: idk i'm damn tired can you not do drama she was just kidding thanks for ruining my night much appreciated
User 2: you anyways say that something won't happen again before repeating it and saying the same thing. have fun with your shits it's fine. i'll text from airport
User 1: ya bye
User 2: yep my fault all the time great
User 1: ya it is
User 2: okay have fun bye
User 1: if you can't be open then leave it it's my sisyer
User 2: i was putting the speaker to my ear okay
User 1: if she texts there's nothing wrong stop making a fool out of yourself
User 2: i told her to text na on insta have a good night
User 1: acha she didn't understand that yaa thanks you too im sorry yaa i did not say jenty so that he thinks im you i said it for fun i never wanted him to get irritated and take it out on you please just tell him im sorry
User 2: man i'm not taking it out on you. you know how irritated i get by texting from someone else's phone and reading private things. she read on whatsapp also then calls me jen. i honestly don't care about her apology and tell her he's fine.
User 1: ok ok ok ok
User 2: chalo bye have fun
User 1: but bye
User 2: lol @swipetyping
User 2: love you
User 1: love you too
User 2: what you doing
User 1: went for paan and all that dessert going to chill
User 2: what dessert
User 1: waffles
User 2: we were supposed to leave by four everyone is just waking up lol what plans today
User 1: hi jen shopping
User 2: traditional?
User 1: not indian
User 2: ooo then i want to see
User 1: okay i'll buy if i like it
User 2: buy if i like it hottttt
User 1: hahaha i'll see i need smart clothes for class so i'll not be picking up hot stuff normal stuff
User 2: you don't want to dress like a boy anymore? 
User 1: but super smart no girlish smart stuff 
User 2: like what
User 1: like not collar i'll show you as and when i find
User 2: go fast then lol
User 1: divija is still asleep
User 2: how it go replyyyy
User 1: hi cutie we just left and reached i'll shop and show
User 2: okayyy see snappp so first year you're looking cutr
User 2: you sent me only one top snap and i asked something on snapchat :p
User 1: nothing doing
User 2: sehutgvswrtyghuj but i want to naughty all the time
User 1: naughty by yourself 
User 2: what is this partiality don't get blue one dikshitaaaa i checked in helliii i'm boarding honey what you doing okay you're busy chalo i'll text when i land i love you.
User 1: have a good flight sweetie
User 2: you didn't send party outfit haw is you drunk that gone huh talk to mee poochie?
User 1: hi sweetie sorry can't
User 2: what you do aiyo accha go home and video call me don't pass out
User 1: no sweetie i won't
User 2: text?
User 1: noooooooooo sooooo tipsyyyyyy gnnnnnnn i'm our done for the night
User 2: did you reach home where are you
User 1: partyyyyyy not so soon noooo
User 2: what about this
User 1: drinkssss
User 2: who all have you gone with aiyo stop da don't puke
User 1: not pukinggg
User 2: .
User 1: ribhav bhaiya divija and mahiman
User 2: how much alcohol did you mix haha sounds like fun night text me after getting back don't do naughty how's it going with mahiman is he still being a weird fuck
User 1: okay no
User 2: okayy chalo text when you get back i'll be up
User 1: okayyyyyyyyy if i'm able to i will
User 2: sure honey you passed out?
User 1: reached home sorry jen i gotta go
User 2: where?
User 1: maasi and all are here here home
User 2: and you're drunk
User 1: gn yes tipsy bass
User 2: accha okay gn talk thoda toh  is this true tho i feel my body broke into one hundred pieces
User 1: ya after we came back no why
User 2: aiyo butnso late anyway so much walking i did there minimum was few thousand steps
User 1: ya
User 2: max went upto 150ish floors
User 1: oisho
User 2: i was supposed to pick vidit up from the airport ripp lol
User 1: hi sweetie have work sorry how was your trip
User 2: i have to tell you so much from the trip you're just too busy russia?
User 1: no shower and go meet people lol
User 2: now who's over lol
User 1: nanis sister future telling nani
User 2: everyone is in delhiiii i should have come ish i told harshit i'll be staying at his place if my plane got canned it didn't even get delayed 
User 1: hahahahhaha useless mumbai
User 2: what time are you busy till i really want to snap
User 1: aiyooo no jen sorry meeting fam today no snap for you
User 2: lol how was last nighttt tell some drama toh
User 1: later
User 2: okay then are you still busyyy
User 1: yesss
User 2: aiyo you're just playing with kids play with me too
User 1: heheh nooo
User 2: fine irritating 
User 1: sup jen
User 2: i sad
User 1: why jen
User 2: you no talk to me
User 1: i busy with family and kids
User 2: but you are also my family and my cutie kid okay?
User 1: yes all okay going for dinner with bhabhi
User 2: this was a statement. since i dont understand why you sooo busy i was like, "okay then" have fun
User 1: acha ok i'm in the car there's no need to be so irritated jen do me a favor go meditate favour  and let me enjoy my day can you do that?
User 2: you deleted this message you deleted this message no need to be so rude man. i'm just sad that you are busy and i know why but i'm sad why are you always on the offensive man.
User 1: just relax jen please i will text when i can
User 2: i'm relaxed only
User 1: and you know that stop doing drama
User 2: but when you talk atleast talk properly i'm not doing may drama i'm not pissed
User 1: i'm pissed everything isn't about you
User 2: i'm just texting again and again that's why?
User 1: no just relax that's why
User 2: don't treat me like a headache then i say hi or call and you're like gosh not this again what is this about then? na i don't. when you're on vacation then kaun jenit ho jata hai. it's good you're having fun im glad. but kitna shadowing you do to me
User 1: okay sorry i'm not treating you well
User 2: well played. go have food you just really dont try hard during long distance no? you didnt even tell me about last nights drama or anything.
User 1: cause there was no drama i had a good time that's it
User 2: ? okay
User 1: i hate it can you handle it ?
User 2: i want to ask and know about your night but "i had a good time" is all im getting not when you treat me like im some normal friend who you can just meet after the vacation is over. like im sure you havent even spoken properly to divya or anyone. so no i cant handle it if im going to be treated this way
User 1: what do you want me to do
User 2: please dont ask such rhetorical questions. i'm just saying priorities jaise, time waise dena padta hai. so if my priority is so less then no, i cant handle that either hamesha if you're in any other city, you forget about me
User 1: i'm sorry i'm not good at it
User 2: kolkata just cos you dont have many friends you text
User 1: i told you i'm sorry i'm not missing you ?
User 2: am i important only in kolkata and manipal
User 1: jen please don't do drama
User 2: thats fine. but you dont even text when not missing? why do you think all this is just drama when im talking about how i actually feel every vacation
User 1: jenitttttttttttt let me relax pleaseeee
User 2: moreover, after this it will be only vacation. ok
User 1: i don't want to get into all this please
User 2: ok
User 1: i don't want to make anything toxic
User 2: me dicussing my feeling makes your day toxic? so good to know. you're right, delhi is a shitty place
User 1: do you want to take a break?
User 2: look what is has done to you in two days why do you bring this up all the time if you want then say it directly
User 1: because i think we should
User 2: you're that tired or what elaborate
User 1: you are not going through it you don't know i want my mind clear and you're not helping you're very sweet but i need to be with myself rn can we please take a break and see if things become better my mind is not in the right place i'm extremely sorry
User 2: did you talk to someone about this
User 1: no i didn't you don't even trust me fuck please jen
User 2: im jsut asking!
User 1: can you help me or no?
User 2: if you tell me how to help you only then i'll be able to no? now you're gonna say the only way i can help is by taking a break?
User 1: yes please
User 2: not much left for me to say then how long have you been planning to take a break?
User 1: ever since i came back home i need it and i think it's going to help me
User 2: i tried my best to put the things that happened last sem behind us
User 1: i am not being able to do it i can't forget if we're on a break i think it'll be better
User 2: stupid question but how long are you planning to be on a break for and what are the rules
User 1: we're off it when we meet in july that was you don't have to deal with long distance me as well what's that supposed to mean ?
User 2: dealing with your bs throughout the years is one of the ways i have grown from a boy to a man so i dont have any regrets. i see other boys trying to deal with stuff that i know so much about. so there im peace how much talking snapping insta fb im not asking if i can hookup dw
User 1: is that right do whatever you want i'm not stopping you
User 2: no regrets what is this man
User 2: also this was a compliment if you didnt get it what is attitude
User 1: no it's not jen
User 2: girlfriend drama and relationship drama is the main thing that teaches you life tell
User 1: i don't want to learn all this
User 2: ok
User 1: please just let me refresh myself i'm so sorry that i need this
User 2: okay but whats up with this attitude
User 1: rules can be whatever you want what attitude
User 2: i dont understand this man
User 1: there's nothing to understand we're on a break till july when we meet
User 2: is this because of what happened yesterday the do whatever you want. im still on your leash and plan to stay just do me a favour and go home and talk to me properly so that even i understand properly what you are going through because it is not fair to me that you bring up the past mistakes everytime. i need you to get over them and accept them and accept that i fucked up. i understand that you need a break and that you shall have. but for a healthier future, i need you to keep the past where it belongs because i cant afford a break every time we do long distance (which can happen a lot in case we get different colleges) your mental health is very important to me and hence i shall do my best to do whatever to get your mind some peace. if except the break theres anyway i can help you then please let me know, because you know i'll forever be by your side
User 1: thank you so much for supporting me
User 2: i love you dikshita. you are the happiness source for me. sorry for hurting you.
User 2: you still love me atleast no? im sorry i had to ask that
User 1: yes are you okay
User 2: nope but not being violent so it's fine
User 1: okay
User 2: are you fine?
User 1: i'm good
User 2: okay you back?
User 1: no
User 2: okay okay text me when you get the time about this goodnight
User 1: i can't take out time rn
User 2: i just need one good convo
User 1: of course
User 2: like textv from the airport?
User 1: i'm checking in can i do after the security
User 2: oh already good good sure ?
User 1: i would have called by mistake sorry
User 2: ya you did
User 1: why awake so early
User 2: couldn't sleep a lot going through my head you checked in?
User 1: yes getting dadi and her friend to the gate they're on wheelchair
User 2: okay
User 1: i want to talk and clear everything from my side
User 2: alright what haven't i not noticed babu
User 1: but i haven't been able to reciprocate lately
User 2: i thought it was the ldr
User 1: did you not find anything different in april ?
User 2: off course i have. last entire sem was rocky but i thought we were healing
User 1: i was not healing we were are not healthy
User 2: i disagree with this
User 1: i don't like the fact that i need your approval to do things i've told you this before also right
User 2: yes
User 1: many times right
User 2: and many times i've told you that i want and update on what you're doing and don't want you to take my permission
User 1: no that's not how it works with you right if i want to do something that you disapprove of you'll give me stuff like main maar doonga and all that i can't accept that
User 2: extra but okay
User 1: no this is exactly what you say
User 2: if you say so
User 1: so there are two things that i have done that you disapprove of i spoke to saurak and apologized
User 2: i still disapprove of that and will never back away from that i'm sorry i could have handled it better while disapproving of it, so sorry i couldn't do better
User 1: i apologized to pranjal immediately after you said it was okay but then you said no later and then when i asked you what you would do if i told you you said that maar doonga both i did on the last exam day
User 2: haven't we discussed enough about this matter already?
User 1: i couldn't share this with you
User 2: what you couldn't?
User 1: cause i don't feel like i can share anything with you anymore
User 2: you can honey. you always can. not talking is what crumbles the relationship.
User 1: i missed you a lot lesser than i had on any previous holidays
User 2: i understand why you didn't tell me about kt. and i've moved passed it. but that doesn't mean i'll be okay with you not telling me things
User 1: because finally i got the chance to do what i want
User 2: what are you implying like what?
User 1: without running everything past you whatever
User 2: that doesn't answer the question
User 1: if you were there you probably would've had a problem with vedant vatsal as well
User 2: since you didn't run anything past me and are feeling better about it then tell what you didn't run past me that is making you feel so good i've never had in the past also.
User 1: i told you right saurak and pranjal ka thing
User 2: all this assumptions from your end is affecting the relationship and always has and?
User 1: that's all
User 2: i'm not understanding what you're implying .
User 1: hmm i liked my vacation because i didn't have to tell you what i was doing when every minute of everyday
User 2: why do you think i'm a bad person. yes i've fucked up a lot. yes i'm possessive of you. yes i'm trying to change. i do everything to change myself for self improvement and so that i can be a better bf because you deserve that good. all i want is your happiness and i try to give you that. yes my selfishness does hinder that sometimes and i accept my fault there. but you assuming the worst from me everytime and taking precautions like not telling me stuff doesn't make the relationship any stronger than before. it in fact weakens it. yeah i kinda disliked my vacation because i didn't know everything you did which makes me feel less integral part of your life. which i probably am now
User 1: jen
User 2: dikshita you need to accept one thing, right now itself, you don't need my permission to do anything. all i want to know is what you're doing. after that you're a person yourself and can make your own decisions is asking for an update that bad?
User 1: you're awesome
User 2: because clearly i haven't really gotten much this summer and clearly this summer you're having too much fun
User 1: maybe it's who i am
User 2: alright reply
User 1: i don't like someone controlling me like you do
User 2: i've stopped doing that man why won't you believe it.
User 1: i don't like someone continuously criticising my decisions
User 2: like what name instances
User 1: making friends and even i don't like criticising yours you know what you have done jen
User 2: you make friends man. i want you to make friends. you don't give a fuck about socialising it's not my fault no i don't. i took pranjal from you. fine. you can say that's my fault. even though it was necessary and you didn't keep your word of handlong the situation. you have no idea how uncomfortable j was with our situation then. i kept telling your for months please handle it. and yet you couldnt care enough.
User 1: you have very conveniently isolated me from all my guy friends and now the only friends i have who are guys are your friends. i was supposed to make more friends in college and become more extroverted. and i was doing such a good job with it. i'm uncomfortable with it now
User 2: when it comes to your other friends, i'm sorry they left. i really am. but it's not my fault they didn't care enough for your friendship that they left as easily as they did.
User 1: i love you as a person jen
User 2: you were not doing a good job. how many million times have you resisted from being an extrovert.
User 1: i don't need that to be judged by you
User 2: and all those guys friends left you for you. not for me. and the ones who have left you because of me, i've already accepted tbat
User 1: i don't want to be judged by you anymore and that's it
User 2: is this how you break up? i'm not judging. as the person who has stuck by you everyday since you stepped into college, i'm giving my honest opinion
User 1: i have stuck by you as well or do you think it's just a one way street
User 2: you have definitely and your opinion is the most important thing to me i guess this is just a one way street
User 1: yes it is
User 2: elaborate the sync
User 1: i'm sorry i'm not like that
User 2: wow
User 1: everything i say pisses you off everything you say pisses me off i want to be able to support you
User 2: you're talking about last se. which was equally bad for both of us.
User 1: i want to be able to make us a team
User 2: let's please try.
User 1: i want to be a team player
User 2: you're the only partner i want in my team and i want to try my best to be one.
User 1: but i cannot stay in a team who's ideologies i don't agree with we are very different from each other everything is a conflict
User 2: are you breaking up?
User 1: i am sorry
User 2: and yet we want the best for each other. that's what matters say it.
User 1: i am sorry jen you can ask me anything you want i'm sorry i'm doing this on the phone
User 2: so this isn't a break?
User 1: i don't think we should be in a relationship anymore
User 2: i can't libe without you. can we atleast try next semester please. i can't make it witjiut yuu
User 1: you don't have to live without me i'm always here for you but not as a girlfriend i'm sorry
User 2: dikshita you can't be doing this especially over a phone i want to meet you if you stay in delhi i'll fly today itseld
User 1: i'm boarding jen
User 2: atleast give me a chance till sem starts please this can't be happening
User 1: jen i'm not right for you sweetheart please try to understand me
User 2: no this is not happening i'm sorry
User 1: i cannot support you like that anymore
User 2: i'll do whatever you want noo you can i love you dikshita. i can't live without you.
User 1: i'm not going anywhere jen try to believe me
User 2: no
User 1: i cannot be your girlfriend anymore i'm sorry
User 2: i want to marry you one day
User 1: jenitt you need someone who understands you better someone who can help you i can't do that i've seen it i've tried a lot i can be a better friend to you than a girlfriend i know it give me a chance i cannot do ldr jen i cannot put us through that please understand
User 2: no we'll both learn ldr man
User 1: i'm thinking about what's best for both of us nooo i refuse to learn ldr
User 2: then i'll move wherever you are that's the least i really need to talk to you.
User 1: i can't pick jen i'm busy
User 2: you don't know how much you've helped me i wouldnt be here if not for yoh
User 1: fine then i will help you further too
User 2: i don't deserve or need a better gf than you
User 1: but not as a girlfriend please make me your best friend
User 2: i have enough friends dikshita. it's a gf that i need i don't think that will be possible please just talk to me once on call and i want to know if this is your decision or youve been taking advice please talk to me
User 1: i've not been taking i am not strong enough to do this on call
User 2: please answer the phone i can't do this
User 1: no jen i cannot pick your call
User 2: i want to hear your voice jusy please
User 1: jen i can't pick up i can't hear you cry
User 2: you must answer this i'll do anyway
User 1: no i can't pick up jen
User 2: you don't have to talk just listen
User 1: jen please text mom is calling understand
User 2: okay dikshita i have never told you to ask for permission
User 1: jen please
User 2: i don't want to put that leash on you
User 1: i cannot ldr please
User 2: then i'll move wherever you are
User 1: i cannot force you to do that
User 2: you know that you're not
User 1: this is what is best i'm there for you when you need me i cannot be your girlfriend i'm sorry please
User 2: i need you all the time
User 1: i cannot do ldr jenitt this is not healthy
User 2: you won't have to
User 1: i don't want to make you cry
User 2: what isnt
User 1: okay then i'm there
User 2: not your fault i'm a wuss we can easily sort out all our problems sitting down calmly just say i'm not worth the effort of going through so much mehnet and emotion and i won't say anything after that
User 1: nooooo i cannot do ldr cause i cannot handle the anxiety i hate it
User 2: you keep saying this doesn't make it any clearer
User 1: and you know it
User 2: what anxiety
User 1: or stress i cannot handle it
User 2: dikshita you shifted from blaming me for saurak and pranjal and all to the ldr thing to we are very different thing. are you just looking for reasons to break up? because if you are then tell me i'll make it easier for you. but if you have a problem, then we can solve it together and you know we can solve anything there's no stress honey.
User 1: please jen please please please don't make it harder
User 2: why treat a relationship like a burden when it's not. don't make it one. say it then
User 1: if it works out in the future it might not now
User 2: dikshita you're treating a two month vacation as ldr say the actual reason. you've been conflicting yourself a lot. how is that fair to ne
User 1: ldr will happen in the future
User 2: future saath mai handle karege am i not worth to go through any pain? any sacrifice? what about our gtech everything we've decided
User 1: i don't want gtech
User 2: at least in the ball park are you going to eth
User 1: i will ruin everything if we're in an ldr we should try to save ourselves from this while we can
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: jenittttttttt please help me help us please try to understand
User 2: can we do what we decided yesterday.
User 1: would you rather not talk to me at all than being a constant you're a real component
User 2: take a break till college and then we'll talk
User 1: i'm trying to keep it that way please believe me
User 2: ?
User 1: of course
User 2: is ldr and you not wanting to ask me for permission the only thing that made you do this
User 1: no
User 2: then?
User 1: i don't feel the same way
User 2: that's the ldr taking can you please make me understand what this means
User 1: so try to understand my situation
User 2: please talk for two mins
User 1: i can't i'm in the flight i can't hear you cry dad is beside me jen stop it
User 2: please make me understand please don't fly without telling me please get in air wifi
User 1: i want to be your constant i'll try
User 2: this is all i want to understand
User 1: i don't feel what you feel for me i don't feel that way for you
User 2: use more words
User 1: i don't love you like you love me i haven't for a long time
User 2: since the pranjal thing. ?
User 1: yes i've been trying to tell you but i think i shouldn't keep you in the dark
User 2: by not texting me much or communicatimg during the vacation about this?
User 1: yes about how i feel i told you on the last exam day i told you but i couldn't do anything then jennn you're my best friend help me help you and me
User 2: dikshita. if you think the pranjal thing was the initial deal breaker then i cant say anything. you were the girlfriend it was your job to keep the guys (the ones with such a humungous crush on you)away from us. and him saying those things on your birthday didn't improve anything
User 1: no that's not your job
User 2: it was yours
User 1: it's notttttt
User 2: it's not mine ik
User 1: you cannot decide who can and who can't talk to me kuch galat nahi kiya usne a crush is a positive emotion you broke that boys spirit and then laughed about it
User 2: you anyway decided to talk to someone which made me feel very uncomfortable for the most part of my relationship. i still accepted it as collateral for the relationship till i couldn't handle it. till that time even you didnt handle it
User 1: don't make it look like my fault i'm done with this contract
User 2: i gave you enough time.
User 1: conversation
User 2: dikshita your feelings weren't the only thing that were supposed to be taken care of in this relationship my feelings are equally legit
User 1: yes
User 2: and you didn't consider them for the longest time.
User 1: and mine are not the same as yours and i cannot support your deekinhs feelings
User 2: and yes i know talking to them made you happy. but at the same time it crushed mine
User 1: i'm so sorry jen
User 2: alright
User 1: exactly why i don't want to impose this relationship on you nothing to be crushed about
User 2: there's no imposition alright
User 1: i'm taking off
User 2: have a safe flight.
User 1: boradinh is complete you too have a safe flight
User 2: which?
User 1: i'm so sorry i'm really sleepy i haven't slept for a long time
User 2: send snaps from russia and have fun. sleep now.
User 1: yes i will gn
User 2: i love you.
User 1: i won't stop being there for you love you too
User 2: okay https:drive.google.comfiled1mbepqkkkx7xeqx8dhwjr53hrhwnunrzkview?ts5d1b79ea about the possessive part, you need to realise that you've been molested twice in manipal. you've been molested twice while you were my girlfriend. it took a very heavy toll on me too (i'm sure not as big as it took on you) . this is why i was very skeptical of your friends which affected the relationship. even with kt i felt uncomfortable till kaustubh vouched for him. not like that turned out any better. you need to realise that all i've ever wanted is for you to be safe and sound. i was trying to protect you from the ugly world. i'm sorry i failed. i'm very saddened to hear this especially after everything we've been through. and that too because of the pranjal thing. that hurt me the most. couldn't you select real over imaginary just this once? i've tried my best to be the man you want because honestly, thats the best version of a person anyone (and i) can hope to be. i'm sorry i failed.
User 1: hello i landed it's fifteen degrees it seems
User 2: hi
User 1: i just received your texts i shall read once i get everyone in
User 2: sure
User 1: niceeeeeee i'll have to see full once the wifi gets connected
User 2: whose data are you using now
User 1: mine international roaming i'm reading your message
User 2: okok
User 1: twice first of all how the fuck pranjal ka issue is that i feel that you isolated me from people who were helping me. i needed them. complex components cannot be ignored.
User 2: that classmate kinda mishandled and you and anirudh.
User 1: huh which classmate
User 2: fine i agree he was helping you. like i could see that you really liked him as a classmate i won't deny. but it went overboard for me and you didn't handle it.
User 1: i don't care if they did something for me or not out of sync 2
User 2: arre remember some class party thing
User 1: oh god acha i remember see i don't even remember all that
User 2: this is messed up. if your friends don't stand up for you when you get molested then they aren't really worth shit. now you're talking non sense. only out of sync 1 is legit.
User 1: no
User 2: what can i even say dikshita how can you expect your friends to back away like they did after getting molested
User 1: i don't expect anything from anyone and i've learnt this long ago nooooooo i'm making friends for a good time
User 2: forget about me, even the girls condemned that action. so you think only you're right acting all "don't expect this and that"?
User 1: i'm not making them so that i can check their moral background
User 2: that's good.
User 1: yahi toh problem hai ki you and i don't agree in anything
User 2: i don't really want to talk about s p thing because you're not making sense there. and i really can't help you with it if you think what i did with them was wrong.
User 1: and now you don't wanna talk about it
User 2: baby we need to talk about things we don't agree on properly instead of just forgetting and moving pass it
User 1: time is 4:12 here .
User 2: because i don't see anything wrong in what i did. 2.5 hours back i checked
User 1: ya ballet tonight at the bolshoi you didn't handle it right
User 2: fancy i agree.
User 1: i'm not talking about anything that happened in the past i'm talking about what i feel right now
User 2: okay let's talk present.
User 1: i handled it i told you i did you didn't believe me you don't trust me
User 2: from your side i never doubted and you know that
User 1: ya so bas that's it i handled it from my side and it was none of your business
User 2: okay how did you handle that long inappropriate message from your birthday that made me feel veryyyyy uncomfortable?
User 1: it was all positive emotion usne mujhe touch tak nahi kiya hai jen
User 2: not for me honey ik
User 1: ya so he didn't even send it to you ya so your reaction was stupid af
User 2: dikshita but negativity i got or no you tell me that first
User 1: and taking kaustubh with you realllllllllyyyy pissed me off
User 2: how does that matter omg  fine this i won't say anything
User 1: the negativity i had to go through was muchhhhhh bigger than your negativity much more muchhhhhh more
User 2: you've gone through that negativity for few months now. i went with pranjal negativity for few sems
User 1: much much much much much much moreeeeeeeeeee
User 2: so let's not compare
User 1: no just stop it
User 2: yeah fine your class people also stopped talking because of the domino so fine.
User 1: for sems it seems i was with you i told you i'm with you i told you i won't go wasn't that enough
User 2: won't go?
User 1: no it wasn't you know why cause you are too insecure out of sync 3
User 2: with pranjal i was never insecure
User 1: won't go away then why did you do it you don't even accept that you're insecure
User 2: and tbh i was very insecure since 11th and till like almost 3rd sem. but i have noticed the improvement in me so i kinda disagree. baby i'll accept only the truth i am insecure still. but nowhere near as much as you thinking. like 20 of you thinking i have told you already, because i didn't want that extra negativity for me (it wasn't negative for you which tbh kinda irritated me but i get that hes your friend so can't say)
User 1: no your insecurity is the main issue for everything
User 2: nononono i disagree.
User 1: you isolated me from a lot of people
User 2: fair enough.
User 1: i need this semester to get them all back my decision is final
User 2: i made my peace with it last sem which and may i ask who are these people
User 1: it was more positive for me than negative for you during that time. i used to look forward to class. jen you ruined a lot of things .
User 2: fine i agree
User 1: saurak
User 2: why the fuck do you want to talk to s p i don't understand
User 1: that's none of your business
User 2: have some self respect obviously it is
User 1: no i will not i miss them and i want to talk i forgave them
User 2: which pretty low standards
User 1: that i will reconcile with these people
User 2: okay
User 1: yes so be it jen
User 2: alright then. can't say anything to stop it so won't.
User 1: thank you
User 2: insecure thing i don't agree with. so i think you should let it slide.
User 1: oh please whoever knows you knows you're insecure all the girls think it all my cousins think it my mom thinks
User 2: this i don't agree with so this is definitely out of sync. since i believe friends are supposed to be your protection from the world. well if your mom thinks the definitely
User 1: no i don't need them for that
User 2: okay
User 1: just stfu jen
User 2: alright
User 1: i'm here for you if you want but not as a girlfriend i'm sorry
User 2: and the first one also, our thought processes are different, i agree. but doesnt mean it has to be out of sync dikshitaaaa
User 1: it's out of sync
User 2: fine
User 1: i'm too attached to you and i know it i can never let go we have to learn to walk before we run we have to learn to be friends
User 2: alright let's see how this goes.
User 1: okay
User 2: please dont expect me to ever stop trying tho.
User 1: okay
User 2: also you really don't want gtech? when did that happen
User 1: i want eth zurich i have told you
User 2: but i thought we both decided gtech is all when did that change is what i'm asking
User 1: absolutely not
User 2: wth
User 1: this has been my dream since sem one
User 2: yes ik
User 1: ya so then ?! gtech is fallback plan dad won't send to usa
User 2: incase you were dating me
User 1: how will i go to gtech lol
User 2: why
User 1: cause it's a shit place and it's too far
User 2: fair enough. and what about 8th sem? and are you planning to apply this year only?
User 1: yes what about it
User 2: wow okay.
User 1: jahan mileha i'll go
User 2: internship no?
User 1: why ?
User 2: okay okay nothing what about teach for india
User 1: okay if i get eth i'll leave everything and go
User 2: ok
User 1: you don't know this ?
User 2: ik
User 1: this is my dream
User 2: good i'm sorry for being a bad bf how long is your eth masters
User 1: absolutely not just we've grown apart two years
User 2: not really but okay cool after three years you only grow together and not apart and couple of small things that are out of sync can be changed rest i can learn for you. anything i'm ready to do for you because i believe in us. strongly
User 1: okay
User 2: say something
User 1: i'm glad you agreed to be friends
User 2: i meant comment on what i said after this not really agree. more like no other option was given to me.
User 1: yes i'm glad you agreed our basics are different
User 2: let's sync them all i need is one more chance dikshita
User 1: it's not fair for either of us to continue when the other doesn't feel the same way
User 2: true but i want to prove that i can be better and that i realise that i fucked up in the past and want to show you that it won't be the case. in the future .
User 1: yes okay
User 2: you're leaving for the ballet? chalo enjoy your trip. don't cheap out on snaps tho. i will not tolerate that for sure 
User 1: left
User 2: .
User 1: of course see insta and all i'll send hotel ka snaps tonight
User 2: okayyy
User 1: yaaa what a great showwww beautiful
User 2: too graceful ballet is
User 1: jenn it's so beautiful
User 2: too thin they are loll
User 1: oho what muscles
User 2: are y'all carrying dinner or outside hahah yeahhh
User 1: taming of the shrew i'm watching
User 2: ae why you watching movies on the trip
User 1: outsideeee huh which movie ? no silly taming of the shrew ballet shakespeare ka hai na
User 2:  how is that ballet it's a play no
User 1: in ballet form
User 2: oops it's not over kya
User 1: no no
User 2: pay attention itna mehnet they did aiyo
User 1: no no interval i'm toh paying  100 attention it's too pretty ten mins break okay ivwr bye
User 2: ivwr? me during lido show (those naked girls dancing :p)
User 1:  haaaaan i know what it is over interval
User 2: out of ten what rating would you give?
User 1: i don't have anything to compare to
User 2: experience wise da
User 1: first time i experienced
User 2: how was todays experience pagal
User 1: nine cause i didn't get many pics
User 2: sounds like a good first day
User 1: it's 18
User 2: what isbthis behavior. stop being rude. i feel cold okay 
User 2: i have nice soft thin skin
User 1: hahahahhaha same
User 2: you're too extra very pretty it's looking you went for a function it seems
User 1: hahaha
User 2: foreign also i'll roam in tracks lolll
User 1: ishhh please jen aiyo pics are forever
User 2: meh. true but can't bother. enjoying the present is fun. mountains and all toh i'm too fascinated because i live in a concrete jungle
User 1: haha i know that
User 2: i got the rest of the trip pics. very nice they are i'll upload soon
User 1: ya do spice up your insta
User 2: will you help me select
User 1: sure
User 2: so sweet
User 1: thank you  i like this illegal af
User 2: plants are legal dumbo but i look lethargic af aisho only one in which i'm not there properly y u h8
User 1: hahah it's a good photo all in all oh truly but that toh you are
User 2: what about othersss i am gaining weight so it's fine. must become stronger
User 1: yes good
User 2: let me know what's the gym scene
User 1: absolutely not you already posted one in the same kapda haaaaan ok marena
User 2: who sees all thattt do you want some good news
User 1: everyone yes please
User 2: ish i'm becoming an occasional stoners. like after exams or birthdays enforced from today and already said no once
User 1: acha i see
User 2: yepp you reached the hotel?
User 1: no
User 2: snap it ha i want to see room and lobby chalo goodnight
User 1: okk
User 2: goodnightttt
User 1: gn hari om
User 2: what delay happened
User 1: stupid bus took forever
User 2: bus came late?
User 1: so cold frozen fingers hardly wearing anything na cause fashion forever smart i am like that
User 2: yep very smart loll ootd?
User 1: ruko i just woke up
User 2: hahah go have bath
User 1: itni kya jaldi hai
User 2: breakfasttt dekhna pasand hai
User 1: ooooh hyatt breakfast
User 2: mashallah go have egg wale croissants wafflesss
User 1: ya ya and then i'll take that butter knife and kill myself only
User 2: what is this. chocolates you can have. but some good bread you wont
User 1: ya i have to eat in front if my nani dadi
User 2: they won't have bread anyways so tell them it's veg haxx
User 1: hahahah even if one oldie asks no i'm ruined ruined
User 2: you're already dirty :p facade you have in front of everyone
User 1: lol thanks okay haan jen
User 2: sorry g1 at the curtains never stayed in such a fancy hotel arghh must stay russia is expensive or what
User 1: yup ok gtg
User 2: do friends send naughty pictures :p jk no jk
User 1: no jen
User 1: legit the only thing that's changing is that and you want even that to not change paglu nahane do
User 2: proof that you're having a bath  you do realize that you are so hot that you turn both of us on right  you didn't snap i cry .
User 1: haha wait jen no snaps sorry i'm getting too many compliments
User 2: for?
User 1: my beauty
User 2: don't you everyday how big is your buffet man have the camembert cheese may i ask what did you mean by this
User 1: too good i'll think about it
User 2: good and yet you were having just fruits ish you can have that here also vacation weight is acceptable. go ham got ready?
User 1: no vacation is the time to get thib
User 2: not trip wala vacation time pagak
User 1: nope
User 2: didn't you have to leave at one thousand and thirty lol
User 1: yes it is that time only
User 2: one thousand and fifty it is
User 1: lol old people see travelicious ka story and tell me what to change and if you like and all
User 2: you didn't even show how pretty you're looking don't put the lit thing. very unprofessional popcorn thing looked cute so it's fine love the outfit i'm too excited for lion king
User 1: thank you i'm excited for today waht is this jen
User 2: i want to see what you paint and is the masterchef thing like the actual masterchef russia??
User 1: hahahahahhaha jahhahaha hahahah haha no please
User 2: why you laugh
User 1: no one cares
User 2:  all veg people what will y'all do there lol
User 1: there are a lot of things to do
User 2: what's the masterchef thenn .
User 1: i'll send they'll cook jhaalmuri
User 2:  you can say that the russians will make bhel for you but must use fancy words for advertising good one @ your mom she's too smart. she should have started this way earlier
User 1: the oldies will make bhel for themselves
User 2: ooh
User 1: she was waiting for me to fuck off
User 2: true true better late than never how's the weather today
User 1: hot af
User 2: please try the local vodkas
User 1: i will
User 2: still just waiting in the lobby no
User 1: i'm in the bus at 10:30 itself
User 2: everyone came? lol yeah you can't be late
User 1: ya da we left on time
User 2: oh i thought you said old people so i just assumed y'all were late chalo good good have a great day. click many pictures
User 1: i shall
User 2: are you only using travelicious account no
User 1: ya
User 2: cool then if i have any feedback i'll directly text there only it's easier
User 1: ok bolde
User 2: i like a hindi song listen to dariya
User 1: acha okay i will
User 2: you look very tall in the pictures
User 1: thank you
User 2: don't upload so many pics. you'll exhaust your likes. still so many days left for russia to get over. do alternate day max likes
User 1: okk
User 2: too much power you had haha
User 2: you're ready so early? send the travelicious poa no like you did for day one nice shawl you have
User 1: travelicious shawl everyone has ya early day today ok hari om the way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
User 2: what's vladimir
User 1: city che jen
User 2: oh . normally it's a gangster name in movies. you're getting the sauna no too good it will be mirchi ka kutta 
User 1: haha yas
User 2: okay. i love you. have a beautiful day.
User 1: okay thank you
User 2: jheal shouted at me when i told her our thing. good lecture i got. so all girls are the same. and i'm the wrong one. i agree. stuff i knew was right was clearly not. i see it now. even with the s p thing. no matter what your reason is for wanting to talk to them and me being against it, i have no reason or right to stop you. except just stating my opinion. i'm sorry for not keeping your individuality into account. you have been completely right all along and i've been a possessive prick all along. even with the pranjal thing. i had no right whatsoever. no matter my uncomfortableness, all i could do (and did do) was express my discomfort. and i did. i shouldn't have done anything after that since you clearly just wanted him as a friend. i'm sorry that the domino effect costed you all your class friends. ive been possessive i get it. i understand it. i'm ready to move pass that. i just want to comment on your out of sync things, have fun first. you're on an awesome vacation. please don't think about all this till you get back to the hotel. and i'm really sorry for not being able to come to delhi.
User 1: jenittt what can i say aiyo
User 2: i never turned a deaf year. i just wasnt smart enough to understand what to do. please dont say theres no point. all i need is one chance. its never too late dikshita. i really am sorry and ready to give you what you want. i know you dont love me as much as i love you and who can blame you. but if there is some love left for me then i urge you to give this a chance. i know we wont be starting in the same places in the relationship. but i dont want to think what this could have been without atleast trying my level best.
User 1: i don't want you to change yourself to fit my ideals
User 2: lol no i wont be doing anything of such sorts
User 1: no jen i'm sorry i need time
User 2: i just want to change myself so that im a better person
User 1: for myself
User 2: alright
User 1: you are a great person but i don't see that affecting my decision so you changing yourself won't change anything
User 2: i want to be able to do that as your boyfriend. if you get your own space while dating then thats the best feeling. that is what you have given me for all this while and that is what i want to give you
User 1: no jen i'm sorry
User 2: have you moved on already?
User 1: moved on? as in ?
User 2: nothing nothing
User 1: what
User 2: you enjoy your day dik
User 1: thank you
User 2: goodnight! how was spa tho
User 1: gn it was good sauna
User 2: what plans today
User 1: chill day so hotel enjoy kiya swimming and all swimming then red square
User 2: red square?
User 1: see my insta story eheh
User 2: i saw the pool one
User 1: yess st basil's cathedral putin ka ghar and all
User 2: explain like this na guess what i'm having
User 1: whay
User 2: where's the guessing ish
User 1: jain food
User 2: cheese popcorn tub
User 1: hahah ohh spiderman ?
User 2: yess. i was bored so i decided to go for the next show itself. missed fifteen mins tho
User 1: acha okay okay interval hai kya ?
User 2: hanji lenses permanently now. 3d movies are so much easier lolll what other plans today
User 1: haha yaa i know chilling cruise
User 2: accha great chalo enjoy your day!
User 1: thank you !!
User 2: good ending. going to be interesting after this happy is hooking up with aunt may lol
User 1: wtf jen why
User 2: happy thinks he's in a relationship. may is like i thought it was a summer fling. lol
User 1: no why'd you tell me aiyi spoiler
User 2: arre it was just one scene da. that also at the end. doesn't spoil anything.
User 1: okay ya you're right my bad
User 2: it's alright. beautiful picture you put on your story. beautiful cruise. put some wine in the glass and enjoyyy
User 1: lol ya na
User 2: clean air clouds are something different. don't post this but. water is dirty
User 1: ok
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: haan i'll post in a while i have to post for travelicious also i did already on insta story though
User 2: oops you read stories don't count really
User 1: why'd you delete why
User 2: they disappear
User 1: i'll highlight it
User 2: but its still not on your main thing. like people cant see it directly no. and no likes
User 1: achaaaa for likes
User 2: even you like that feeling so shh i meant even you want more likes on any post alright goodnight then
User 1: acha okay gn
User 2: listen is today the last day for fees did you pay lol
User 1: what ya i've paid
User 2: aisho i forgot to remind dad.
User 1: tell him again
User 2: i thought 16th was the last day
User 1: otherwise fine lagega
User 2: yeah i'll pay today what plans for the day
User 1: going to st petersburg
User 2: full day traveling? reaching a site seeing there is toh given lel
User 1: four hours ?
User 2: byebye single ro in st petersburg
User 1: ya dude what
User 2: nothing who you going to live with
User 1: mom dad
User 2: you're ruining their vacation sex ish
User 1: ya right they're too tired to do anything mom slept at twelve last night and woke up at four soooo i don't think so
User 2: when you become that old and busy, you squeeze in the important things.
User 1: acha aisa
User 2: hmm you deleted this message sorry about the instagram story thing. i read it a bit different at five the in morning. i read it as sun hasn't even set yet or something. sun setting at 10pm is a cool fact and should be shown. enjoy your day!
User 1: relax thank you
User 2: when you're free please tell me everything i have to buy clothes wise for college
User 1: okay will get back you need two formal wear suits two sets of tiecufflinkpocket square and one interview outfit
User 2: two for? and are we still getting similar colors? or should i pick whatever
User 1: two parties i think you should get blue
User 2: so we aren't getting similar ones right?
User 1: similar ?
User 2: color da
User 1: you have to buy what looks good on you na
User 2: can you answer the simple question.
User 1: your chouse choice
User 2: we'll do what you want
User 1: buy what suits you you have to wear aage also
User 2: any color will suit me.
User 1: get blue
User 2: tell me your colors so i won't buy that
User 1: aisho i'm going for blue and red jen
User 2: alright i'm actually asking and not being arrogant about it but isn't that what you want
User 1: ok
User 2: all these are questions diks
User 1: and the colour of your shirt is going to decide that ?
User 2: i can't understand if you're telling me something, suggesting me something or asking me something. get back to the hotel at night after everything is fine and then text me aramse
User 1: i'm not saying anything bacha wear whatever you want if it clashes or not is not a problem for me
User 2: alright goodnightttt
User 1: goodnight
User 2: aisho how come you're sleeping so late on trips?
User 1: cause we went for a night cruise opening bridges open my story daaa
User 2: i didn't know it was so late. i toh saw your instagram post. you posted it too early in the morning lol
User 1: haha it was 2:30 am here na those bridges open at 1:15 and 1:25 am
User 2: ohh. day also cruise night also cruise. too good. also you exhausted your likes on the pictures. like the 2nd latest picture has less likes than the latest. i told you post smartly maddo
User 1: i'll get 100
User 2: but not 140 which you've gotten in the past kya dikshita
User 1: chalega want the entire profile effect to be good
User 2: anyway, you look pretty in them :)
User 1: ki koi khole toh lage wow ty
User 2: working
User 1: ik
User 2: aaj kya karoge
User 1: sight seeinh
User 2: are you using your camera that prints pictures on the spot
User 1: no
User 2: aisho use it today no. picture day today is going to be
User 1: nah hate the cumbersome
User 2: it is cumbersome :p go get ready fast fast.
User 1: ya
User 2: enjoy your day. and go easy on postingg
User 1: let me get few good pics
User 2: today you'll get plenty i know you have selected a good outfit for today
User 1: yes of course did you see my other days ka
User 2: yes but like you're wearing too full full. i know it's cold but show some skin no. go clothes ke saath you're wearing tights good
User 1: you're mad?! can you see that eleven and can you see the cloudy you want me to freeze kya aisho jen
User 2: but aren't you too pro with cold ha nevermind eleven is too much i was practically dying when i was in eleven so can't say loo
User 1: i am no skin show but
User 2: well then yes i approve everydays. g1 eh it's fine you're stylish anyway get ready and show me today's as well?
User 1: ok
User 2: cooll how was your day
User 1: longish old people ka purses i have to hold
User 2: haha we knew that was going to happen
User 1: uff they don't even ask for it once during the outing then also i have to hold just keep in the bus and go but na purse chahiye nahi toh anxiety hota hai uffff this is just my dadi as it is she doesn't like me if i refuse to hold her purse it's not like she'll dislike me any further and shopping bhi karna hai and that also i have to hold so i should hold her shopping and my shopping she's going to ask my mom to hold then and my mom already has too much work
User 2: might as well help her how much did you shop aiyo
User 1: too less
User 2: do then
User 1: coat black hai weird color is coming grey
User 2: nice boots. good do more now
User 1: it's dinner time tomorrow now how you doing? headache and all
User 2: i fought with parents badly. even dad. so jheal has come for the night
User 1: why did you fight
User 2: don't want to talk about it this is fine now. as long as i wear lenses. i think it's the number difference
User 1: ohk remove the lenses then
User 2: no i mean lenses are better specs are old number
User 1: okay aisho then i should've enforced earlier simply so much massage i had to do  penultimate day!
User 2: i don't know when my number changed sorry jheal also left the room rn saying i can't have a conversation with you fucking brilliant day i went to palladium to shop and entered zara. and inside we fought so i left. even that is left. vodka nice. try try i'm just going to sleep now i'm too tired of today.
User 1: okay
User 2: chalo goodnight
User 1: goodnight penultimate day!
User 2: yep already got it vodka experience is going on niceee
User 1: oh right
User 2: how is it
User 1: yes happening
User 2: pics
User 1: see on insta
User 2: i don't see any vodka
User 1: see again mom and i had three shots the vodka here is so much better than that stupid absolut
User 2: aisho obviously
User 1: lol
User 2: tommy has hired such sluts to lure guys like me to buy stuff actually all brands. i feel shy leaving the shop without buying something
User 1: what ?
User 2: i've come to shop alone hilfiger
User 1: lol shop well sh i love hilfiger
User 2: almost sold me shoes i didn't want
User 1: there are no shoes in hilfiger you don't want
User 2: i beg to differ
User 1: shhhh
User 2: bad material only. i wanted leather
User 1: leather aiyi
User 2: anyways i'll see again lot of shopping left
User 1: don't kill animals
User 2: you equally love leather bags belts and what not shh.
User 1: boy : tum ladki hoke daaru piti ho? 
User 2: who is sending you all this
User 1: hehe old uncle
User 2: thought so aiyo. very 2010ish vibe hehe
User 1:  i accidently ate caviar
User 2: good pops no?
User 1: chi
User 2: did you listen to dariyaa
User 1: what ?
User 2: daryaa song i told you i liked
User 1: send it
User 2: i use amazon music remember
User 1: movie singer album kuch toh batade
User 2: manmarziyaan
User 1: ohhh i see old song ok ok i'll gear hear
User 2: reached the airport?
User 1: landed also in moscow
User 2: what time flight back?
User 1: 8:20 pm moscow time
User 2: lol so much time left
User 1: want anything from duty free ?
User 2: anything that's free
User 1: hahahah so funny
User 2: it's fine i don't want anything what are you even doing at the airport
User 1: eating making nt food for everyone eze eats so need hot water and all
User 2: wah atleast you agreed you toh call heating pasta also cooking so :p
User 1: ya
User 2: haha have a safe flight! text me when land
User 1: thanks taking off
User 2: safe flighttt
User 1: thanks  landed
User 2: welcome back
User 1: thank you
User 2: when are vv coming
User 1: i'm in delhi lol kolkata on 17tg 17th
User 2: oh you're staying in delhi for two days didn't know that going to be fun! did you find out what happened in the world cup finals?
User 1: no what happened
User 2: aiyo so nz was the underdog team and they almost one. but because of fuck up it got tied. then in super over again it got tied and then they decided that the winner is the side who scored more boundaries so england won the world cup only depending on the number of boundaries!!! https:www.icc-cricket.comvideo1279087 this is the fuck up see
User 1: aiyoo ok idc
User 2: ok did you get list of companies coming for eee
User 1: no
User 2: accha what plans in delhi
User 1: chilling
User 2: cool. good talk. dp is too zoomed in
User 1: okk i'll change it
User 2: nice lenses but
User 1: thank you
User 2: lol you have a jain lab teacher aisho this is what you did at the airport loll. going to finish in delhi only or save it for kol?
User 1: save it all for kol
User 2: you want to finish this in four days okay ballsy atb yall are just three people no? vidushi wont partake i think lol
User 1: vedant vatsal
User 2: aisho start from delhi only then otherwise the booze will be given to vivek after you leave shi
User 1: will get to mpal
User 2: you are nice. i'll never feel not lucky to have you around :) (incase you decide to share with me :p)
User 1:  i told you tell me what to get for you
User 2: after your phone fiasco i dont think im ever asking you to spend on me your parents are probably still pissed at me lel
User 1: acha i see oho ekdum first year !
User 2: first picture ever at this stage toh i was like oho a girl is touching me noiceee
User 1: ishhhh are you serious i still had my earrings 
User 2: lol no jk but yeah a friend whom i barely knew so close to me hehe
User 1: oh baba
User 2: the wilderness has consumed it now
User 1:  totally
User 2: first year shenanigans were too adventurous and fun
User 1: truly they were first year was a good year we made good memories
User 2: i enjoyed my 2nd and 3rd year thoroughly as well since i got rid of the extra baggage wala friends
User 1: nah first year was so new and exciting right so it was good
User 2: sorry for not making the other two years not special enough for you i guess  i'm sorry for complicating your life up man. i'm just sorry. i can't do anything that will unfuck the past.
User 1: it's okay just relax
User 2: evidently not okay
User 1: it's okay relax
User 2: goodnight
User 1: good night relax jen don't get so worked up it's all good don't simply over think it's not that things were simpler in first year that's ok hahahahah it's trending you will have hair no male patterned baldness
User 2: mostly toh bald peeche se
User 1: haha
User 2: goodnight
User 1: good night
User 2: have you been using my amazon primen
User 1: nah not for sometime
User 2: someone is watching hp so i thought it was you haha alright
User 1: haha no no do you have my slip ka pic
User 2: you can use ha if you want
User 1: of my cartons in manipal okay
User 2: i sent you the pic
User 1: pls resend thanks
User 2: np what time is your flight
User 1: 8:50 pm
User 2: i'm so tipsy hehe ohh okay have a safe flight
User 1: thank you enjoy
User 2: do you want to play the next pubg match with me seeee
User 1: aiyo no going out vv
User 2: ?
User 1: vedant vatsal
User 2: accha ha okay what are you plans for the night
User 1: going to eat
User 2: nice just met jheal for the last time this vacation i was waiting in the lobby for you! you started a new game
User 1: i'll play later
User 2: i waited a long time for you. and the i find out you're playing with your thor. i haven't played with you since so long. you don't even reply properly.
User 1: what do you want me to do what's your issue
User 2: nothing i just wanted to play with you i'm not allowed to have those when i'm just a friend so. i just miss us talking and you playing pubg with the wrong ex also irritates me while i'm there waiting for you. five din kya reh liya uske saath you deleted this message you deleted this message ?
User 1: go to sleep
User 2: i want to talk about my feelings
User 1: now is not the time
User 2: precisely what you've been saying for a long time
User 1: talking fighting with you and i don't want that so please
User 2: i don't want to fight i just want to talk i've had my share i physically can't anymore
User 1: we can talk another time
User 2: alright then i see how it's going to be being friends with you just please say something
User 1: it's not going to be like this i asked you for time give it to me i will be your friend but later
User 2: day by day you are just decreasing the level of contact you actually want with me and then you say you need time for it. so when you actually decide what you want please let me know. you won't even be upfront about it. reply kardo yaar who you on call with kabka
User 1: i will tell you when i know can you stop this behavior
User 2: .
User 1: none of your business
User 2: just tell me please
User 1: no jenit stop calling mr me  i'm not going to answer
User 2: i was just asking don't start about owing things
User 1: okay
User 2: nothing. i don't count the things i do for the person i love.
User 1: wow this is a new perspective for you
User 2: when did i count the things i have done for you?
User 1: all you ever told me was how many sacrifices you've made and how much you've done for me jenit
User 2: . if that was when you broke a three year relationship on text then sorry for bringing it up but it had to be
User 1: the reason i can't talk to you is that you make me very very very angry
User 2: the reason i'll tell you why i'm asking this
User 1: what's your problem whoever i was talking to
User 2: not problem exactly
User 1: could be divija kshitij mahiman anyone i can talk to them if i want and i will and you can't stop me anymore
User 2: there's a reason i'll tell you of why i need to know
User 1: so stop asking why do you need to know
User 2: wow first you answer please
User 1: no i don't want to i won't stop controlling me
User 2: i'm not controlling
User 1: you are
User 2: i'm just pleading
User 1: you don't even know that you are
User 2: i'm just being begging
User 1: ya so stop pleading you're better than this
User 2: if you see that in me then please make it stop by just telling me who then i'll tell you why
User 1: i am not going to tell you stop forcing me to do things i'm not buying this anymore
User 2: it's because of this itching you get outcome after talking to people they just hype you to indirectly treat me like shit and you obviously think they are right
User 1: i'm not treating you like shit i'm trying to help you
User 2: start by telling me the name please i'm not forcing
User 1: get over it please
User 2: i'm done with that
User 1: yes you are . read this and understand
User 2: i'mpleading itna kya karliya bhai ki you're very very very angry
User 1: no jenit think maybe you will find out
User 2: yes this is why i want to know who you were talking to
User 1: why
User 2: you never spoke to anyone like this especially me if someone isn't provoking you then i don't buy it
User 1: maybe it was because we weren't right for each other this is my decision i've been making it since march
User 2: can you just tell me please
User 1: no i can't i'm done with this
User 2: please please just talk
User 1: what happened why are you doing like this jenit please i can't be anything for you anymore
User 2: because i want to fight with you for as long as it takes and sort out each and every small thing and big thing and get done with it. either i'll get proper closure or my love back
User 1: i don't love you like that anymore i'm willing to give you whatever closure you need please don't make it difficult i'm willing to be your friend but that will make things difficult for you
User 2: start by telling who was on the phone kabka
User 1: kshitij
User 2: what were y'all talking
User 1: generally about college and all internship holidays plans for next semester goa this that
User 2: no one talks this late about that so cut the ba bs
User 1: what what is wrong with you people do
User 2: but you don't
User 1: i do
User 2: since what like last two week?
User 1: i talk to everyone like this
User 2: not at this time is what i'm sayingn
User 1: cause i like talking to people at night i'm a night person remember
User 2: yeah and what about vidushi is sleeping next to me i can't
User 1: and the people i talk to are all insomniacs vidushi is not sleeping with me anymore remember is there anything else i can help you with no calls text only
User 2: aren't you doing that with all your friends who was on the call before
User 1: i don't want to hear your voice i'm sorry mahiman
User 2: and what did y'all talk about
User 1: trip
User 2: everything y'all spoke when you came back from russia so give give me that bs
User 1: no i couldn't talk to him we were busy playing cards and monodeal and all and i don't mind talking a few things twice and all
User 2: i know you weren't talk about this
User 1: excuse me i was if you don't wanna believe what i'm saying then why are you asking me i don't owe it to you to tell you anyway jenit please stop it i hate behaving like a bitch
User 2: so don't please
User 1: anything else?
User 2: talk to me
User 1: okay what do you want to talk about no i can't hear your voice
User 2: i'm not crying
User 1: so just text
User 2: no i need to over call.
User 1: i can't talk more
User 2: block me if you have to
User 1: jenit go to sleep please
User 2: sorry vidushi woke you up. you sleep
User 1: uff stop this
User 2: i won't text her now dw. sorry for disturbing you.
User 1: hi jen jenit please text me if you have an issue you didn't even reply to this hello pls say something i'm willing to talk to you bad na what's the need to text other people?! hey jen
User 2: yes all good
User 1: okay good settled in and all ?
User 2: not yet
User 1: acha okay
User 2: hi
User 1: hi jen how was class
User 2: one good teacher one bad yours? did you skip today
User 1: no i went okay okay
User 2: divya got a ppo she didn't even tell
User 1: she just told me yday
User 2: too good it is
User 1: what's your tt like ? aisho saturday full day 
User 2: stupidity it is nothing else. ruining the weekend i'm going to have attendance problem in those subjects definitely loo
User 2: what plans for the day
User 1: room
User 2: setting up it today?
User 1: yes joined today
User 2: ha ik not meeting anyone?
User 1: who am i supposed to meet
User 2: girls or class people
User 1: will meet the girls at night i have to get my stuff from there class people met in class whatcha doing tomorrow after class ?
User 2: oh you kept there. you should have kept at pp only no you deleted this message can't meet today?
User 1: last night i'd gone there ya sure no problem but i have lab we'll plan post that ?!
User 2: i thought you would have stayed in mangalore only aure
User 1: huh ? na
User 2: sure
User 1: too early i would've had to come acha okay okay
User 2: late normally you stay there no but that's why i thought
User 1: can we chill tomorrow break mein or something
User 2: what plans today
User 1: i'm at divyas rn come to get my things but i'm damn tired ya and too much setting up left
User 2: alright. what time are you going with the girls
User 1: i'm in mandavi rn
User 2: arre you said no at night you're going with them
User 1: when did i say this
User 2: .
User 1: ya but then my plan changed cause i got bored at the block so i came here to get my stuff
User 2: after this setting up. then what will you do at nightttt
User 1: i've to arrange that stuff in also na i will sleep ?! it'll take me some four hours
User 2: you'll take five hours to set up your room kya hahahha okay then
User 1: don't doubt it i spend two hours deciding which furniture should go where
User 2: cool we'll meet tomorrow. if you want to chill at night tell me. single or double room this time
User 1: single af
User 2: same bro
User 1: if it stops raining we can go for ice cream maybe it's k how's the roommates? okay tell me when we meet i have work c ya
User 2: okay okay let menknow when are we meeting
User 1: yas i can see my butterbeer lol please give me
User 2: what did you delete telll
User 1: i'll take the other top as well i don't remember which it is i don't remember
User 2: yeah i removed those for you only
User 1: it was a typo i think oh ya it said i love that top she wants fafra
User 2: and you?
User 1: nothing thanks ! just my tops
User 2: aiyo no papad churi also?
User 1: hahah i'm on a very strict diet it is called when someone offers you food say no
User 2: shi don't do like this food is an art that you must worship all the timeb
User 1: chi no
User 2: are you having dinner also at the mess or skipping?
User 1: skippp from tomorrow i'll take today no need
User 2: aiyo no food and you'll die only what to say also what all booze did you get :p
User 1: nothing all finished i'm still hungover from that party
User 2: idk which one
User 1: exactly even idk which one
User 2: how many parties did you go to in kolkata lol
User 2: tell tell
User 1: too many partied every night chill jen
User 2: arre i just asked da nice as chill as i can be atm
User 1: high ?!
User 2: drunkish
User 1: hahah greattttt enjoyyyyy
User 2: what you doing niw
User 1: i'm waiting for the storage room to be opened
User 2: lol setup your cupboard till then
User 1: done
User 2: chalooo good i wouldn't mind my tt with that excel thing. it is very useful
User 1: ya i'll make it
User 2: thanks dik how's it goingb
User 1: slow and heavy
User 2: hoga slowly going  goodnight how was your night what did you do
User 1: unpacked everything
User 2: g1
User 1: took me seven hours
User 2: aisho how much stuff you have baba what do you want to during break since you never want to eat
User 1: we can go get juice at the cafeteria or dabeli if it's not raining
User 2: where are you sorry for ruining your reconciliation
User 1: it's chill
User 2: i saw your expression and mood hence the apology. you don't need to be so casual
User 1: it's stressful that's all
User 2: sorry for starting the stress
User 1: i'll fix it da
User 2: why was today horrible but. i'm sure you tried your best.
User 1: .
User 2: you can directly to me not to ask these questions you know instead of just ignoring me whenever i ask you this lol
User 1: then please don't ask sorry i'll handle it
User 2: okay
User 1: stay out of it
User 2: listen, aaramse sahi se baat karo. first you only don't tell that don't ask then when i try to communicate with you and tell you that i won't interfere if you don't want me to , you behave like this. ignore the call it was by mistake
User 1: okay
User 2: please tell me now itself if this is pity friendship like the pity relationship since march
User 1: no it's not can you please relax i will communicate with you with time i already asked for time how many times also can you tell me what your electives are and if you're in lab batch one or two
User 2: yes and you have a habit of not telling me stuff that goes through your head for a time now so i have to ask things that i want to know since you clearly don't care enough to share.
User 1: okay .
User 2: sta nlp sna
User 1: okay and just chill i'll get over it
User 2: looks good thank you
User 1: sending you the printables
User 2: okay got
User 2: do your sop thing and then tell me what i also have to do about all procedures
User 1: okay if i send you few more printables will you get it done ? for room decor ? acha leave i don't think i'll need enough material i have already lol
User 2: no send full room is yours might as well fill it up properly
User 1: lol too much ho jaega if needed i'll ask
User 2: what's life if it's not extra vidit is thinking of leaving manipal and doing his final year on dubai rippp atleast i'll get a better place now if it happens i kind of want it to happen
User 1: normal wah
User 2: never thought you would be this boring ish just email anything if you want to get it printed
User 1: i'll go to college pond tomorrow
User 2: about?
User 1: sop etc etc
User 2: let me know gm
User 1: gm
User 2: i missed first three lectures aiyo
User 1: don't skip class
User 2: how was seminae
User 1: good
User 2: what is it about
User 1: you bunked ?
User 2: i'm in lab. first lab so nothing much to do
User 1: acha
User 2: .
User 1: presentation one credit for next semester
User 2: what next sem
User 1: like this one credit will be added next semester
User 2: oh accha cool how was your day
User 1: okok
User 2: chalo good gm. let me know if you can chill in the break today let me know the scene
User 1: gm i don't have class after the break
User 2: same lol
User 1: so i'll go to college pond n hospital
User 2: for what
User 1: to understand more
User 2: fuck dude even i have to go
User 1: aajao 4wat
User 2: i'm shy to say. how i will tell the doctor i don't even know butt related lol i'm done
User 1: okay i'm already at the hospital
User 2: oh i was waiting for you
User 1: oh
User 2: where are you opd only no
User 1: student clinic idk where to go so i'm just waiting
User 2: in that waiting area or the ac wala area wait i'll come on 5ish in
User 1: ok surgery a
User 2: i ask for normal opd na
User 1: okay i went there they sent to surgery
User 2: where is it
User 1: 3rd
User 2: cool i'm glad you had fun. i really like to see you smile. and anything, i'm always here. don't be itna alone in hostel. milna hai toh apan ayega i had a lotta fun too :)
User 1: thanks jen
User 2: send hearts motu yeh kya sada sa hai chi
User 1: mood nahi hai
User 2: i jk ha please have dinner
User 1: are you crazy i ate like a glutton in front of you
User 2: gobi khaye loll your waist has actually become very shaped so maintain you will have to eat na
User 1: huh i'm not eating simply don't say again and again
User 2: shaped matlab toned chalo theek
User 1: okay happened cause i ate less
User 2: what is
User 1: if i send you a video can you tell me which song is playing in the background and not judge how drunk i look
User 2: i don't judge what is this :p te bote
User 1: what's that
User 2: songs name jaan 
User 1: hmm wanna play pubg ?
User 2: sure g1 team what plans now
User 1: i'll show you damn cute umbrella it'll break in mpal lol wanna pubg?
User 2: yours to handle so lol atb aa
User 1: see come
User 2: you make a room a home man
User 1: yas
User 2: i live outside and still can't do shit 
User 1: that's the aim
User 2: true come
User 1: that's there
User 2: rip
User 1: rip
User 2: sleep on time goodnight dik
User 1: hehehe i'm playing
User 2: aisho alone?
User 1: no kt is playing
User 2: accha okay then i wouldn't mind playing incase he leaves
User 1: hahah it'll get late go to sleep
User 2: noooo pubgggggg
User 1: haha wanna play with kt? don't tell him you're you ?
User 2: what will i to him lol tell
User 1: whatever
User 2: i won't talk only lol chal aee you started the batch start newwwww
User 1: aidhoo noo leave it jen you chill we'll play later
User 2: okay what you doing
User 1: chilling in class alone lol don't wanna go out
User 2: come out?
User 1: arre where ?
User 2: just outside class i've got your umbrella
User 1: no you don't i have my umbrella
User 2: new one
User 1: aishooo i can't take it jen
User 2: itsva hand be down for you
User 1: no no don't do
User 2: please take some chips or something from cs before going out you won't leave the block only for food
User 1: i'm eating lunch
User 2: thank god. chalo good eat eat arav and harshit toh loved lion king
User 2: please let's watch it on the weekend
User 1: i thought we decided on once a week
User 2: i didn't know it was such a strict rule i don't understand what's the problem or what are you scared of
User 1: i don't want to take advantage of your niceness
User 2: as you say fair enough but
User 1: next friday ya ?
User 2: either you come with me or i'm going alone anyway because otherwise the movie will go it can go by then!
User 1: ughh
User 2: kya hi bolu
User 1: what to do
User 2: daro mat
User 1: you go it's fine
User 2: if you don't want to come it's fine aisho
User 1: i'll figure it out
User 2: alright just make sure whatever you do, you're happy. don't think that advantage le rahi hu and all. pagal pan hai woh sab. but i understand why you don't want to meet often and fair enough. let me know what's the scene with movie whenever i'll wait
User 1: okkk thanks
User 2: got your back fam
User 1: thank you please get yours and divyas printout done today !
User 2: she got irritated no  also what's your surgery scene
User 1: not going
User 2: aiyo ehyyy get it done with no
User 1: no
User 2: theek what's last line :p
User 1: share information with divya and jenit and tell them to share with other people
User 2: lol okay we'll go su karech pubg
User 1: no jen
User 2: . you deleted this message aisho who are you in call with kabka? all the sisterssss?
User 1: ya
User 2: also i told mom you apologised to her please respond
User 1: that's so sweet of herrr 
User 2: y'all two are too extra sweet chalo text me when you feel arghh why don't you reply to me it's annoyyinnggg
User 1: i'm eating
User 2: mahiman me jagah idhar bhi thoda attention dedo
User 1:  ok
User 2:  smh
User 1: idk was talking to pranjal but ok
User 2: how's it going
User 1: let's see
User 2: hmm that whatsapp call?
User 1: mom
User 2: tell one story da 
User 1: and sis
User 2:  aishi chalo eat text me soon hi
User 1: hey
User 2: sup
User 1: was talking to kt he's drunk it's fine funny playing two thousand and forty-eight
User 2: same on antibiotics do tell
User 1:  nah not gossip
User 2: so i know it's gossip tellllllll
User 1: no
User 2: :(((( i hate when you remove my curiosity too much power you have
User 1: hmm gn
User 2: arre you're not sleeping and saying gn
User 1: i'm going to go sleep only i won't talk more to kt
User 2: talk to me ?
User 1: it's not right
User 2: wtf
User 1: same problem
User 2: aisho itna feeling he expressed? gotta be more descriptive when i'm drunk dik
User 1: you're drunk?
User 2: tipsy ish but yeah pretty
User 1: good for you challo enjoy gn
User 2: noooooooo
User 1: what happened
User 2: ik you're not sleeping tellllll
User 1: i am sleeping what
User 2: i want gossiiiiippppp
User 1: there's no gossip
User 2: .
User 1: you can't share this fact that kt likes me with anyone nothing he was expressing himself so i cut the call not good to lead like this
User 2: these people become free when the girl becomes single true
User 1: same problem with you
User 2: good
User 1: i cannot lead like this
User 2: wow okay
User 1: we should talk less
User 2: wow
User 1: :( gn
User 2: no you have to talk now wtf you gotta elaborate about everything
User 1: we'll talk da don't worry
User 2: kt and me
User 1: just start calm
User 2: you're talking i know so please
User 1: stay
User 2: talk
User 1: to who what do i talk
User 2: you ain't sleeping this early
User 1: i don't feel like talking i'm not feeling well
User 2: but j want to know what you meant
User 1: i feel feverish
User 2: you need to tell me what he told you and need to tell me hownisnit the fucking same
User 1: i don't want to lead anyone on so i should stop being so friendly that's all challo i'll sleep
User 2: say properly what happened and not indirectly
User 1: nothing happened please text me when you're sober
User 2: i'll kaustubh to get involved
User 1: don't drink text please
User 2: if you don't clear it i'm sober enough to know this
User 1: you will do no such thing
User 2: so then you clear it
User 1: i will never talk to you ever  no i won't tell stop it jen i'm sleeping good night
User 2: see i don't want this bs from you because i know for a fact you won't talk about thisb later
User 1: you can ask me tomorrow don't drunk text it's difficult
User 2: are you sure
User 1: yes
User 2: you don't forget this and you don't delete the chat first of all it's nor you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message and i want that you text me first thing in the morning and tell me everything about tonight or in the break
User 1: jenit please relax
User 2: talk
User 1: arre what about ? you were drunk ! i didn't want to talk to drunk people that's all
User 2: now talk and tell everything wah so you ask me to fuck off and then straight up ignore me?
User 1: there's nothing to tell
User 2: . you don't bs me
User 1: what are you asking !!! i can't understand what you want to know can you tell me clearly
User 2: about the kshitij thing last night wtf is wrong with tou
User 1: whattttt what about it ?
User 2: tell me everything
User 1: what about what ?
User 2: stop being so naive about it
User 1: tell clearly what are you asking
User 2: you're really annoying me
User 1: i'm really not getting you
User 2: . .
User 1: i can't talk to people when they're drunk ! plus since you still like me i feel guilty to lead you on and talk so much i should not be so friendly
User 2: im fucking asking you what he fucking said
User 1: i didn't listen cause i couldn't understand
User 2: and are you sure thata your final answer ?
User 1: yaaa
User 2: when do your classes finish
User 1: y
User 2: meet me
User 1: i'm going out with pranjal
User 2: postpone jt
User 1: absolutely not
User 2: fine i'll come to your class
User 1: no need
User 2: i'm telling you either you meet me or i drop by
User 1: no i don't want to meet wtf what's your issue text na
User 2: fine then ill ask kaustubh to just find out everything his way
User 1: i fucking hate your guts no you will do no such thing
User 2: i fucking hate your mentality
User 1: i'm not talking to you fine then don't talk to me
User 2: you say that you want to start talking to pranjal again because you miss him but ignore the fact that he's in the same situation that if you talk to him his crush won't go and with me you don't wanna talk because j have a crush kshitij i don't know what the fuck is happening so yes we need to meet
User 1: you fucked up he didn't
User 2: how does that fucking make a difference when you still want to lead him on or whatever
User 1: so be it i need to talk to him i don't need to talk to you
User 2: i'm coming to your class after doing my shit shift your prnajal thing to one
User 1: it's a dinner
User 2: so then meet after class
User 1: do not come to my class arre what's your problem text na
User 2: i know it's a lunch so well i'll meet you outside yourbclass
User 1: it's not
User 2: you can't communicate on text cool then me being outside your class shouldn't be a problem with your pranjal pla oh you have second half sort. after my lecture meet me for a walk then i'm in class
User 1: oh so then pay attention to class
User 2: seminar
User 1: i don't owe you anything jenit
User 2: .
User 1: no i don't want to go anywhere with you
User 2: i'll sit outside your block
User 1: do what you want
User 2: i will i want to explain you something that i've been trying to for the longest time
User 1: text it you can call me also
User 2: no it's not the same because you don't listen to anything if it's not face to face
User 1: i don't want to listen to what you have to say
User 2: you owe me that
User 1: i owe you absolutely nothing
User 2: fine i'll be outside your block
User 1: if you do all these extreme things i will block you jenit
User 2: how it is extreme at all i want to meet and talk i'm doing nothing else so i'll wait
User 1: you can meet me when we go for the seminar
User 2: that's over a week later!
User 1: that's okay idm
User 2: i'll text you when i'm outside your block you come if you want or i'll just wait there anyway you please keep this attitude with yourself if you want peace just please reply man please
User 1: no leave i will talk to you at 12'30
User 2: you will then go to class at one
User 1: ya so
User 2: i can't have all these addha adha talks
User 1: i have to go now also uff
User 2: wherte
User 1: reval i need my head calm for that please just stop this bs i'm blocking you
User 2: what time will it get done
User 1: 12:30 !!
User 2: go early and get done with it early
User 1: i'll get done with it when i want don't irritate me go home
User 2: i'm going home but you need to fucking relax as well. you don't need to throw attitude on every step of the way i get it i'm not dating you
User 1: yes good go home
User 2: i'm asking you to get done early means you try i need to meet before one thousand, two hundred and thirty otherwise you'll leave the conversation midway agaim reply
User 1: okay i'll try
User 2: have a bath now leave asap
User 1: no i'll try i said i don't know reval timing
User 2: see ew both know that's bs hence i'm asking you to at least get ready at least get ready till then please dikshita you need to work with me. i don't want to fight i can't fight i'm tired of it i just want to sort the basic stuff say something
User 1: i'm taking a shower
User 2: fine i don't remember you using whatsapp while showering
User 1: arre i'm pooping daaa please let me relax 
User 2: i'm just so sad we are like this it was never meant to be this bad i really just want to sort out things with you
User 1: arre its not like anything everything is sorted
User 2: not from my end at all
User 1: what is left to sort
User 2: you would never imagine the number of things left to sort
User 1: okay
User 2: one thing i'm sure of this sem is that i need to make things better between us otherwise i wouldn't be able to live with myself
User 1: you can meet me after 4:30 then we can talk aaramse
User 2: i am meeting you in all the three timings you said
User 1: okay
User 2: harshit said the reval is between 2-4 probably for all branches
User 1: ok wait jen
User 2: ?
User 1: one minute
User 2: okay supp
User 1: can we meet somewhere less like egg factory pai tiffin's or something
User 2: less?
User 1: fine wherever
User 2: this we decided no honestly if you can just come to it will be much easier and efficient to talk i swear to god no other intentions or anything come to pragati
User 1: paneer please madhuwan serai don't want hear heat
User 2: ? please? it will actually be better to talk
User 1: no are you coming or no ?
User 2: did you leave?
User 1: ya
User 2: am i picking you up
User 1: yes i'm at the stand come fast or else meet me there
User 2: yes left
User 1: okay i've reached
User 2: i'm down
User 1: where down ?
User 2: the steps to the restaurant
User 1: okay
User 2: are you inside
User 1: yes
User 2: i want to ask one thing i forgot are you over me already?
User 1: yes i'm sorry
User 2: wow okay it's fine tho i understand i'm sorry it had to end this way hope things will be amicable in the future
User 1: it's okay they can be i'm still getting over the habit part
User 2: i mean we'll keep chilling in between so it will go slowly and steady
User 1: ya so that's why i said we should talk less but when we talk i'll make sure it's good
User 2: it'll get better anyway. making all this is just like keeping things suffocated. we'll eventually find the perfect amount of texting so just let it run its course and pubg toh there should be no limit. it's fun time! so might as well with whoever can play and if we're playing and if we have fun we're just becoming better and getting used to things the new way sudden decrease is just like saath mai kum kardiya so you feel more hurt
User 1:  
User 2: thank you for making this a bit more easier for me
User 1: no issue
User 2: you meant the talking part right
User 1: no the habit ki class over go to pp vaisa it's peace i'll deal with it
User 2: help me to please thanks lol i think after some time it should be fine
User 1: yes
User 2: let me know the next time you want to chill:)
User 1: ok
User 2: all the best for the reval let's hope for 9.91 how was the reval
User 1: idk
User 2: but did you find places to increase the marks
User 1: no but let's see
User 2: did you write please give me marks?  also are you getting the tts printed? because i need to edit mine a bit i got the revised one todah
User 1: yes okay let me know
User 2: going to the doc wish me luck okay so everything shuts at four rio
User 1: haha make whatever changes you want in your tt
User 2: arre you have the excel nonso wwhen you go to print just do there no. it's barely anything
User 1: tell exactly what
User 2: arre see this no. only couple of changes
User 1: arre tell i'm lazy what did you tell divya what did i tell you why did you tell her what's the problem jen
User 2: she asked how's it with a class friends i thought she knew
User 1: you like doing things to irritate me ? i told you don't tell anyone
User 2: !!!!!! she's your best friend
User 1: i didn't even tell you fuck you but he told me not to tell anyone and i didn't even tell you and you thought i'd tell her ? you like fucking me over ?
User 2: stop rubbing it in my face all the time we get it you don't give a fuck hence you do what you want
User 1: i knew i never should've told you
User 2: no man i don't okay
User 1: me and my guilt is going to get me to a bad place someday if kt finds out it's going to be damn bad for me
User 2: listen you should have said it at the start of the vacation only. it's not my fault you like to please everyone that you first hide then tell then hide from kt that you didn't tell and then tell him that you told me. if you'd just be upfront about everything with everyone who are included then you really would have had less problems so just be smart and upfront. lesser things to worry abiut if all your friendship roots are so weak that such a thing will be damn bad then i'm sorry it's not my fault. even jayant and rishab your roots were like this. handle it now ? improve your roots if you care.
User 1: okay i'll do
User 2: sorry for telling divya
User 1: it's peace skip
User 2: do you want gossip about devishi jappe?
User 1: no
User 2: cool now what plans till dinner
User 1: catch up on some sleep
User 2: divya isn't coming? she just told me she's coming to talk to you okay gn
User 1: ya she's coming
User 2: cool chalo chill with her have fun
User 1: okk tell me exactly what change otherwise i won't make
User 2: monday it lecture is shifted wednesday first two lectures cancelled thursday last two lectures added saturday two lectures shifted to 1-3
User 1: done printouts with divya text her for more
User 2: arre you should have only given me no
User 1: why take from her big deal
User 2: yes i'll take thank you how did your night go
User 1: outstanding 
User 2: tell
User 1: later i'm too tipsy
User 2: arre wah everyone from class went kya ya only y'all?
User 1: no only pranjal and i went to sort
User 2: nice
User 1: and it was beautiful
User 2: happened no good
User 2: better class mood now hopefully he still likes you? handle it acchese now
User 1: don't care beautiful i feel so happy after so long
User 2: ok. goodnight
User 1: gn hello jenit hi jenit please get my tops
User 2: what time and where to givr
User 1: after class ? 12:30 ?
User 2: what are you doing in the break
User 1: chilling in class
User 2: i'll come and give it and go
User 1: going to class tbh cause it's in ab1 just give at 12:30 ?
User 2: i don't want to carry itna saman
User 1: i'll meet you at the new entrance
User 2: there are other things
User 1: oho okay break then outside new gate
User 2: alright 10?
User 1: once class gets over
User 2: i'm here in pi you can do only the internship and quit so see what to sit for accordingly so that you don't miss out opportunities
User 1: acha okk
User 2: if you want to give a gift give it yourself and through divya not through
User 1: okay
User 2: and i can't accept it but thank you
User 1: i got it for you specially for everyone else also but like a gift
User 2: you remember the umbrella right?
User 1: ya but that was special for me this i got for all my friends it's a souvenir the situation is different
User 2: i'm good thank you.
User 1: your choice
User 2: ok which companies have you signed up for
User 1: none
User 2: doing project? bolo toh
User 1: no
User 2: no citrix test went decent i told you sit for pi also whats wrong with you don't miss out on opportunity
User 1: okay
User 2: you have ion. go sign up. many deadlines passed today only. don't miss opportunities aise. manipal you'll be very alone in project so see accordingly fair enough. but not all have coding like deloitte yesterday. anyway you can leave those questions. don't give up before giving test it's not always coding baba. in jd too. you see talk to parents for connection internship also side by side since very eee type companies aren't coming true true
User 1: no
User 2: alright supp
User 1: watching mirzapur
User 2: kaustubh is leaving manipal no. the college that he took admission in is the actual college in which guddu and bablu study pretty cool
User 2: chalo enjoy
User 1: thanks !
User 2: sup
User 1: mirzapur
User 2: itna pasand aagaya?
User 1: addictive
User 2: true true kya plans aaj
User 1: class chill study sleep
User 2: oh right you have second half lol wanna chill in the evening?
User 2: lion kindnor something? king
User 1: naaah i have plans  lets make a plan for later ? tomorrow maybe
User 2: tomorrow before seminar hi hoga
User 1: ohh after we can do quick dinner neer dosa ? wait actually assignments coming up and all after assignment week next sunday ?;
User 2: sab padliya hai tumne natak
User 1: nahi can't pay attention in class anymore lol
User 2: before seminar meet
User 1: acha
User 2: too many friends no
User 1: what time is seminar ? no just one
User 2: rishabh and all ke saath? 5:30
User 1: no scene okay sure
User 2: sucks
User 1: one is good
User 2: wanna lion king please. it will go otherwise
User 1: i already have plans for lion king
User 2: divya or class?
User 1: pranjal
User 2: accha theek super 30?
User 1: yas okayyy that i haven't seen sunday pre seminar ?
User 2: the only show is at 4pm so won't happen
User 1: so then let's just do a late lunch na ?
User 2: accha decide pre seminar or post. i prefer post.
User 1: not post pre maybe
User 2: chalooooo
User 1: we can grab a quick biteb
User 2: . it's fine we'll meet at the seminar i thought even divya was coming are we going
User 1: maybe
User 2: let me know yo
User 1: hi
User 2: what time are your classes till?
User 1: 4:30
User 2: wanna hang in the break for like ten minutes. i swear this will be the last time i'm asking you for something :p
User 1: sure
User 2: great see you
User 1: what's it about ?
User 2: i swear to god i wont waste your time dw
User 1: no no what do you wanna talk about ?
User 2: we'll talk in the break?
User 1: why can't you tell me now ?
User 2: i just want to do it face to face if you don't mind...
User 1: why ?
User 2: aisho
User 1: do you wanna insult me or something?
User 2: can you relax
User 1: can you tell me what the issue is ?
User 2: remember the question i was going to ask you that day after mafhuvan and then didn't
User 1: yes ask
User 2: see if you don't want to meet today and do it face it face it's alright i'll wait but i can't do this over text i'm sorry
User 1: all right no problem
User 2: thank you
User 1: three pm outside my class ?
User 2: come to the new gate somewhere? or do you want to chill in class after our talk?
User 1: outside my class ya ?
User 2: cool waiting outside incase you're confused then let me just be clear, cheated on me with mahiman
User 1: acha thanks for questioning my loyalty but okay why do you think so
User 2: how does it matter. don't you have some other dick to attend to?
User 1: i don't need your bullshiy jenit stop blaming me for something i haven't done
User 2: something you haven't done recently definitely doesn't include mahiman
User 1: what is wrong with you ?! how dare you blame me like this
User 2: see dikshita, we both know that if you weren't guilty (which you definitely are lol) you wouldn't be so scared inside. and rn you are scared that i know the truth so deny all you want. i was right to be possessive since you are such a person that you cheated on me. since you know me well, you can imagine how good i must be feeling knowing that i was always right honestly dikshita all i wanted to do today is to let you know that i know what you did. and officially cut all our connections because i can't even be friends with such low lives like you. (funny thing how you wanted us to be friends). anyway that's all from my end! what were you saying again?  so divya forwarded me your message. i was going to send the following message to her but i'll just remove the middle man and send it here. so just assume i'm texting this to divya i would love to see her explain me what happened in delhi. plus i never even held hands or any fucking thing with somiya ever let alone suck some dick. plus he couldn't even keep his dick intact before "finishing too early" . so no it's not the fucking same at all. moreover i don't have time to instigate people against her. i just need people to know that it wasn't entirely my fault and how much shit can hide behind her innocent face. because everything just thinks that i'm the possessive shithead who caused the entire breakup. knowing that my possessiveness was right all along (seeing that she did cheat on me with him), it gives me a sense of calmness that i was right all along. and yes she's right, i'm not a good judge of character, otherwise i wouldn't have wasted three years of my life behind a girl like her. and i didn't force you to accept any bs and you know it. she is too immature for me anyway seeing that she uses people just to satisfy her need for attention. and if she calls that her "new found peace" then god save her.
User 1: jen you can believe whatever you want
User 2: i'd love to hear any explanation you have if you want to give one. i'm sure it'll be interesting
User 1: you've already made up your mind that you're not going to listen then there's no point
User 2: i'm ready to listen if you wanna say no pressure
User 1: as it is it's not like we're ever going to be friends so then for what should i clear it out it's just sad that for one text message you're questioning my loyalty to you for so many years it's not like i didn't meet mahi before when we were dating i was a good girlfriend and i know it you can believe whatever you want the reason i broke up with you was just you jenit
User 2: okay good talk.
User 1: okay
User 2: did you cheat on me in the three years?
User 1: i didn't cheat at all
User 2: okay
User 1: emotionally yes but that also only towards the end for that i'm extremely guilty and extremely sorry i understand why it's coming off as i cheated physically but i didn't
User 2: you did cheat physically ??
User 1: i didn't cheat physically
User 2: in delhi?
User 1: no
User 2: i read the chats dikshita. i read everything
User 1: okay so the kiss being spoken about was not a lip to lip type everything else was after the break
User 2: what about the part where he finished too early??
User 1: .
User 2: sure well atleast i made you cum. more than i can say for your new endeavors you enjoy your shit
User 1: jenit if you want to listen you can
User 2: you do you
User 1: i don't know what that means
User 2: it means goodbye.
User 1: i have never done that with anyone but you oh okay good bye
User 2: sec you mean? sex
User 1: it's okay jen goodbye
User 2: i never sucked someone's dick while being in a relationship unlike you. l i got your
User 1: i didn't do anything jen whatever makes you sleep at night
User 2: we believe what we want so have fun
User 2: jo karna hai karlo bhai
User 1: same to you what the fuck are you telling people? i did not cheat on you jenit but now i really wish i'd left you the day you told me about somya. why can't you just accept that it's not you i want to be with and move on? there's no need for this hideous revenge type scene. i broke up with you cause of your anger issues and not cause of anything else. what i do after the break up is none of your business. meet me tomorrow if you can break time outside my class
User 2: okay meet
User 1: ok aajao
User 2: coming in five come this is my formal warning. do not interfere in my friendship with divya. you don't own her. peace.
User 1: okay do what makes you happy
User 2: right back at you how can you say you didn't cheat even though you hooked up before russia? seeing that you ended it one day before russia? you yourself said you would be proud if you were stronger. so well that guilt is kinda your confession right?
User 1: it's nice that you're trying to transfer allllll the blame on me we were on a break remember that was me preparing you for the breakup i was done way before that
User 2: 4th evening we were. you did it on the 3rd nigjt
User 1: what bullshot
User 2: i have proof for everything dik
User 1: what should i do about your proof i'm sorry i didn't like you 3rd night was a stupid dumb thing just a peck jaisa
User 2: na i'm just trying to get a confession out
User 1: aiyo i didn't chest cheat
User 2: sup oh wait i know whats up good peck  well then thanks for the sex i guess?
User 1: good for you enjoy your life
User 2: i remember it being good for you too you bullshit asshole.
User 1: don't bother me
User 2: unlike your new guy who came too early  right back at you
User 1: ya you're right you are a psycho  bye
User 2: cute you deleted this message you deleted this message so we just gonna apologise, take it it back and continue ignoring each other yeah?
User 1: ya
User 2: :) please ask your mom to remove me from her broadcast list thanks.
User 1: sorry about that will do block her na what's the problem i'll not do this you block or mute or something
User 2: i'm not the blocking kind and muting won't make a difference if next she sends years from now. dw she'll get over the breakup if she's not already and i cant ask her because i'm not rude.
User 1: arre block her
User 2: you text your mother.
User 1: uff
User 2: you don't see my mom messaging you  so i don't even see the big deal
User 1: she doesn't know how to remove 
User 2: fine i'll block her after she responds to the michami dukaddam picture i sent her well i guess both the mother daughter don't acknowledge religious apologies. i'll be on my way then. good bye now.
User 1: i acknowledged!! you only said no need what can i do she doesn't know what it is we're not jain. pranu sent so i know
User 2: by what? reading it? your nani is jain off course your mom knows what it is
User 1: my nani is not jain i sent it first you're the one who had to reply ya ?
User 2: deleting it doesn't really convey the message right? one of your four grandparents is. goodbye then
User 1: i think it's best if i just mind my own business right. forget i ever sent anything. this is why i deleted it.
User 2: yeh hi toh baat hai. now you get it. good.
User 1: great
User 2: bye-bye
