User 1: happy raksha bandhan behen
User 2: happy raksha bandhan bhai ! . hey ! happy bday ! . tried calling you .
User 1: that's my mumbai number that i don't have rn . thank you
User 2: oh . lol didnt know . enjoy your day . my bachpan ka dost has become so big 
User 1: fucking 20 . i'm still cribbing about it . hate it
User 2: wht do you wanna be then ?
User 1: not so old
User 2: dude twenty-one is a gd age . not after that or before that
User 1: i'm twenty
User 2: yeah ik
User 1: happy diwali
User 2: happy diwali ! 
User 1: you deleted this message
User 2: bro . which one am i supsed to come too ?
User 1: lil . delete the first one . this
User 2: yeah you deleted it
User 1: oh which function
User 2: but the functions are ok alibaug  . yeah . 
User 1: they are in mumbai and alibaug . come for everything possible
User 2: i have college  . what is bandola ?
User 1: i don't know any function's meaning except wedding and reception . dress code is written na
User 2:  wow . just wow . meet me before that atleast . then ill decide which one to come too
User 1: i'll come to rajkamal tomorrow . i have practice there . after that we can meet . might get late tho
User 2: what time ?
User 1: night
User 2: im going out with simran . ok give me a call .
User 1: yep . my practice only starts at 9 . i'll get too late . when are your vacations till
User 2: im out anyway . i dont have vacas . but ill meet you
User 1: tell simran hi . let me know when all you're free
User 2: yo . sup niga . defs not
User 1: hey fam . long time . please make sanitra drink . thanks ks
User 2: ongoing . shes getting there slowly 
User 1: don't go easy on peasants
User 2: high life .  . anyway, ill text you next week
User 1: i don't even know who's talking anymore
User 2: its sanitra . the sane one
User 1: shish . get schwifty
User 2: tf is that ?
User 1: google it . and watch the episode that comes up . it's twenty mins
User 2: okay . i hope its not something vulgar . you in rajkamal rn ?
User 1: it's an adult cartoon . yep . dancing 
User 2: lol nice . i would love to see that site 
User 1: i'll send a video 
User 2: done done
User 1: you free tonight ?
User 2: im going for a party today, will be back at night . so if i come early, then we can meet .
User 1: i'm also calling for a party  . all the school peeps will be there too
User 2: thx for such an early invite . what time and where ?
User 1: 7:30 . bombay cartrl
User 2: 7:30 to ?
User 1: max till 3 . but everyone will leave before obviously
User 2: yeah . you are giving the party or youll are just meeting ?
User 1: my sister's cocktail party
User 2: depends on when i leave from there . if its early ill text and join . otherwise well catch up some other time .
User 1: ha perfect
User 2: its at breachcandy right ?
User 1: yep
User 2: cool
User 1: lol
User 2: wtf  . i dont remember this shit .  . btw, when are your sisters function ? let me know when i have to come .
User 1: bca . churchgate . 25th
User 2: ok cool . happy new yr ! 
User 1: same to you . which functions are you coming for  . like i'm just asking 
User 2: you tell me which ones i should come for . and when and where they are, coz i super confused with that invitation
User 1: o . only 25th one is in mumbai . rest everything in alibaug . what's your college scrne
User 2: then ill come on 25th . i have college everyday ya . plus i have fest going on, and im dancing .
User 1:  . acche do you know what to wear
User 2:  will you bash me if i say i have no clue what the function is about ?
User 1: same . i'll ask mum and let you know
User 2:  cool
User 1: coming na today ? . traditional you have to wear
User 2: can you send the invitation to me ? . i need to figure if i can make it or no
User 1: respected family and friends,
User 2: are sch ppl coming ? . or is it just me ?
User 1: yep they are
User 2: also will you be there with me for company ? or will you be busy ?
User 1: mostly busy dude .
User 1: but obviously i'll chill . 
User 1: aafreen honestly said that she's excited to meet you
User 2: why do i feel its the opposite 
User 1: aiyo . no da . i'm sure other will be equally happy and awkward seeing you
User 2:  . ill let you know soon
User 1: leave in some time if you feel uncomfortable but first . come . i'll be sad if you don't come . isn't worth much but plis come 
User 2: yes, if the timing doesnt match ill atleast show you my face . its my moms bday celebration today, so im a little on the fence rn .
User 1: what time
User 2: ill have to ask my dad . dunno
User 1: get that fixed . fast
User 2: how long does your function go on ?
User 1: you just have come eat meet and go . like incase you're getting late . these people might chill for a bit before leaving .
User 2: ok cool . starting sharp at 7:30 ?
User 1: bro it's already started 
User 2:  . ill be there .
User 1: when are school people coming . did you talk . good
User 2: nope, im planning it rn . ill ask when theyre coming and try to come at the same time . if not then atleast ill hang along for half an hr . ill be reaching by 8:15ish irrespective of them .
User 1: cool cool
User 2: its garware club ? . right ?
User 1: yes . you reached ?
User 2: lol no
User 1: ha
User 2: was just confirming
User 1: these guys are also coming by 8:30 lol perfect
User 2: ok cool . 
User 1:  . they are much better now . except humaid, he's the same
User 1: happy 21st sis love you
User 2: thx jen 
User 1: please drink properly
User 2: what drink bro . exam tom . prelims
User 1:  prelims why now . like normal mid term exam na
User 2: nope . we got prelims . then my university is in june
User 1: why didn't you come yesterday ?
User 2: you were there ? 
User 1: it was basically the byculla people - humaid  divit  . too awkward . soo many juniors who are way too tall and muscular . and in the teachers only dora and sujay came . eh . i'm meeting himanshu today . you in ?
User 2: when and where ? . asshole you didnt even text that youre in town . so all the lukkha peeps basically . what time
User 1: 4ish . don't know where . i came three days ago da . dude maaz has an interview tomorrow at bmw for a full time job ! . monil got into babson but is taking a year off for work . shailly yes  . so sup ?
User 2: not sure . im going for mommy day lunch with fam . my exams are coming, so im studying . plus im down with a viral . till when are you here ?
User 1: bro too long . i'll be leaving sometime in the 3rd week of july
User 2: haan gd . meet you after my theory exam then
User 1: when
User 2: 15th june . 
User 1: arre pagal aurat . 
User 2:  . otherwise this thursday or something
User 1: call me tomorrow in the evening . tis is me drunk testing but i  mean itt
User 2:  ssly what
User 1: i have no idea what i wanted to tell you i'm sorry
User 2:  issokay
User 1: i mean hey i missed you . you should be happy . i think i don't remember
User 2: yeah when you were drunk
User 1: yep not anymore lol
User 2:  . but im glad you atkeast thought of me . since youve been busy with your other friends . i thought you forgot of the small ole sanitra . 
User 1: never . behena . haha . also . i'm single now  . laughing emoji to cover up them tears
User 2: wtf  ! . wht ? why ? when ? how ? . good . lol yes !
User 1: 5th july . on text ! . because i threatened one of her friends because he was being too icky . like he's a small town boy and never stopped liking dikshita even after her telling him that nothing will happen . so i threatened him because on her birthday he sent her like 21things i like about you and bs . and the first thing was you're my diamond and more of such bs followed . long story short since i threatened that guy it acted as a domino effect and she most of her class friends and blah blah . i don't regret doing it but well . and that bitch has been pity dating me since i broke my hand because it was a tough time and she didn't want to make it tougher . bs . but yeah . and the speed with which she moved on was too fucking surprising and she's toh to happy about it . so well fuck her . downloaded tinder for validation
User 2: oh god !  . let her rot in hell ! good riddance . also let her be happy or sad . moving on from her means that youre unaffected by wtv happens with her . thats your validation . not downloading tinder bro . dont cheapen yourself
User 1: this year old meme is finally funny  . but but to get over her must find that rebound
User 2: oh god  . but why you want a gf again ? . thoda play the field na
User 1: pagal che ? . obviously this . google how the tinder algorithm works and doing the exact things that makes my profike come on top for others . computer science indeed
User 2: oka 
User 1: hahah . did your college start already ?
User 2: yup . been a week man and im already done
User 1: finally went for a date last night . such a bt . we went to a club and found her friends there . so had to be around them with small cig breaks with her alone . one of her frunk friends started crying while dancing . thrice . worst of all . all her friends were hotter than her  . and she asked me about dikshita thrice i was like fml . then she started talking about her ex
User 2:  . wow . i literally can imagine you being speechless . or making some weird expressions and saying some stupid shit . send a pic . as if youre the hottest or something . if the friends are hot they wont go out with you . also most hot ppl are dumb af, eg the girl crying
User 1: stfu . i was the mature fake extrovert last night . i'm not sending pics  . see i know i'm not hot but i also know where i can't settle . after dikshita it should go only upar or atleast same level . funniest of all these guys are from kmc 
User 2: very reasonable . and nobody is telling you to settle na . youll have to go with a few ducklings to find a swan . its a process bro .
User 1: dude this girl is so extrovert everyone there knew her . and she's a dancer, her dance was so weird
User 2: what is the correlation with being and extrovert and being nice ? . you cant dance for shit bro  what you complaining for ? . im glad that guy went out . but next time keep your brains in your skull while deciding tho .
User 1: arre i can't deal with extrovertism . i'm legit uncomfortable with that shizz . kitne logo se one person can talk  ! . oh bro . what i mean is that her dance included her bending so much that her waist was three inches from the ground . i was like what the fuck is going on . that guy ? . what deciding  . you think i have that many options or what . i don't try only . too much effort tbh
User 2: you only
User 1: lol oops . hey i think this is happening late but your fault too  . happy bhai dooj luv 
User 2: happy bhai dooj .  . im in egypt bro . i was travelling all day yest
User 1: dafuq  . where all you go . chalo nice . haha yeah i saw the sphinx 
User 2: as in ? kuch bhi haan
User 1: just a way of saying it  . have you gone with fam ?
User 2: lol . yeah . dad sis and i .  ?
User 1: dekhlo kab milna hai
User 2: youre free only na now ?
User 1: all the time 
User 2: you wanna meet today ?
User 1: what do you want to eat . some fancy looking place please . i want good looking food . don't know when i'll be able to afford it next lel
User 2: bro  . i sick of fancy food now . ok, you tell me where then
User 1: yeah too many places you went recently i saw your sc
User 2: i always go bro . nothing new
User 1: i don't know places in mumbai sanitra that's why i said only fancy 
User 2: what type of cuisine ?
User 1: if you go and aren't busy with college loll . not dinner dinner . like supper . where you get desserts too
User 2: i go every sunday almost . what time ? . which area ?
User 1: evening . anything
User 2: obb eve only na  . ill give you options then . kamala pheonix arwa ? or fortcolaba ? . area
User 1: pheonix . fort colaba thoda i did hehe
User 2: kamala then ? . theres this place called la lola, havent been there tho . check that out . one hundred and forty-five in kamala . nutcracker in fort . le fifteen cafe, colaba, havent been but ive heard its gd
User 1: this looks perf
User 2: you checked it out ?
User 1: okay wait no . they have foodn . no desserts . all these are normal
User 2: really ? thats not possible . all places have dessert bro . chill . otherwise theres poetry by love and cheesecake there only we can go for cheesecake there . kamala it is then . you driving ?
User 1: yep . i can drop you on the way back
User 2: how much more you want ? thats the max that you get in a restaurant
User 2: its not a patisserie 
User 1: accha okay then la lola
User 2: ok . ill reach there myself then . what time ?
User 1: 5:45
User 2: huh ? bro i still have to reach home from college  . seven
User 1: oh . yeah yeah coll
User 2: text me when you leave .
User 1: toh phir dinner hi hogaya
User 2: i eat at anytime it will be dinner only for me . 
User 1: the student life does that hahaha
User 2: lets try to reach there by seven
User 1: col
User 2: it opens only at six bro .  you want to do zhadu at 5:45 ?
User 1: huh
User 2: you want to clean the restaurant kya teaching so early
User 1: lol i thought shady was a restaurznt
User 2: zhadu broomstick
User 1: i wanted super . that's why early . fu
User 2:  . text when you leave so ill leave acc .  i need to get ready too, so ill be grateful of you text 20mins earlier . o thx . k
User 1: okay . how many minutes before reaching should i text
User 2: 20-25mins 
User 1: thirty minute update . i'll reach in thirty
User 2: ok . text when you reach bro . idk the place either so will have to search
User 1: i'm just finding place to park
User 2: oh lol . ill take 10mins
User 1: that will take ten too 
User 2: ok . find where the place is then  . next me a nearby restaurant .
User 1: bro . it's there . lord of the drinks . 3rs floor
User 2: its next to that ?
User 1: yes
User 2: ok, will be there in ten then . get a table then
User 1: on the table . aajao
User 2: only the 1st one is correct . i sit on the last bench, i sleep more than i study . i cannot mug up to save my life
User 1: lies
User 2: not
User 1: happy new yearr
User 2: happy new yr ! 
