User 1: light gayi .  ?
User 2: nope . aa bhai
User 1: coming . call kar . get me out of it . after your class just go to the mangers office and electricity bill le liyo
User 2: i'm already home . i'll go
User 1: alright . sun . do you need anything ? thermometer ya any medicine ? . class ke baad le aaonga
User 2: na it's chill . amazon kal hai ?
User 1: i didnt register . sirf bakchodi thi
User 2: what'd you mean
User 1: i never registered for that competition . sirf bol rha tha for an excuses . excuse
User 2:  . i coughed more than i do when they were here a while back
User 1: bhai by the time i realised deadline jaa chuki thi . xd
User 2: you up ?
User 1: abhi utha . whats up ? . call him around 3:15 . remind karna hai to send four hundred and five ke clothes
User 2: goveia . holiday homes . candolim . kya problem hua bata .de
User 1: dear customer, bill for airtel no . seven billion, thirty-seven million, five hundred and ninety-six thousand, three hundred and one dated 03-aug-18 of rs . three hundred and eighteen is due on 22-aug-18 . you can now make your bill payment with my airtel app . click  . ignore this sms if you have paid . please note that the revised dates of exam are:-
User 2: bhai m so tipsy rn
User 1: wait what . mere bina
User 2: class mai one guy got three khambas of limon
User 1: 5th ka ameer bta jaldi
User 2: kaga hai bc . bro . got the condoms . under the door
User 1: coming . i fucked up
User 2: what's up
User 1: jenit i fucked uo . i fucked muskaan . fuck
User 2: did she leave
User 1: she asleep on my arm . how do i kick her out
User 2: come sleep in my room
User 1: bhai . i-pill le aaiyo wapis aate waqt . le liyo please . and revati sabke samne kya bol rhi thi abhi ?
User 2: hahaha nothing chill . after the one thousand, one hundred and thirty lecture right ?
User 1: i was passing by . over heard stuff
User 2:  . nothing
User 1: anyway . leke aaiyo ghar
User 2: arusha was like we have fucked up groups . yep . i took an auto to radha medicals  but the road was blocked so the guy said he won't stop . i'll get it after lab if you don't get it now . urispaz . did you leave
User 1: yeah . not attending next two classes . assignment bahot bekar tha
User 2: are both done ?
User 1: the next assignment is at 2 . extra class
User 2: accha theek hai . just unplug my study table wala laptop . plis
User 1: okay
User 2: what's scenee . sup
User 1: im going downstairs . sirf vidit and judy ko leke aana neeche . too many people here . hogya mera ab
User 2: where's dhrub
User 1: need to drink in peace
User 1: fuck everyone else . im leaving
User 2: keep the door open
User 1: tu dekhna baki sabka . okay . sun . lets order mcdonalds . butter chicken zyada heavy ho jaega .
User 1: order bta apna . i'm about to call .
User 2: abbe
User 1: after 8ish phone nahi lagta hai unka
User 2: egg bhurji . rice and dal
User 1: tomorrow is the last day to pay the electricity bill . this is epic 
User 2: padle bc . 
User 1: pepsi and old monk le aaiyois . aaiyo . when you come back .
User 2: padh chup chap
User 1: sun . reply kar . ill text you . pick me up when i text you . ill tez you auto cash . bhai
User 2: yeah yeah i have money todah . chill hai . aakar
User 1: kamal . aajonga but just in case
User 2: what
User 1: sesh going on boi ?
User 2: yas
User 1: please please save like 14th for me . usko bhi share karnenge bas utna hi chaheye
User 2: kafi  hai aaja . saucy fries for vidit
User 1: did she forget way back home or something ? xd
User 2: memory is a bit loose after crack
User 1: settle hi ho gayi yeh . haha
User 2:  . just stay in your room
User 1: thats the plan . do you need to give laundry aaj ? . we got ourself a third flatmate . 90 pakka .
User 2: don't tell manan
User 1: obviously . sirf arav ko bola hai yeh
User 2: cool
User 1: oye
User 2: are you paying
User 1: paid
User 2: bhai last lecture bunk karte hai
User 1: why ?
User 2: pak raha hai
User 1: haha . i cant . four bunks in the next class . marks mile koi ?
User 2: na . i'll come to take the key . what class
User 1: take them . and get duplicates made right now ! . auto wale ko boldiyo, hell take you
User 2: next time we go to hideout  . bahut dur hai
User 1: otherwise im not giving you the keys
User 2: bhai ganda hangover hai
User 1: ma chuda
User 2: wheres the hard drive . get garbage bags na . i forgot
User 1: its with jeet . what all did you get ?
User 2: nothing 
User 1: wtf . did you get the duplicates ? . whats the bill you split on walnut . if you didnt get any groceries xd
User 2: raat ko i'm going to pizza hut tab i'll get the keys . cook . for the month . send the text for manam
User 1: im sorry man but we already found a third flatmate . hell be giving the deposit in a day or two, if he backs out ill surely let you know .
User 2: bhai everything is on walnut . iske baad kya bolu
User 1: i dont know man . you both sort it out . im getting dragged in this even when ive settled all dues with him .
User 2: theek hai chal
User 1: ignore it . tera share nahi hai koi
User 2: yeah but it affects how much i owe vidit na . what's it
User 1: it cant affect you . before that bill vidit owed me 7266 . i didnt know how to settle on walnut
User 2: accha . haam then chill . did you get a request for splitwise
User 1: yeah i joined . but its in dollars . bt dega aap voh .
User 2: theek hai na 
User 1: the first one . debt shouldnt get transferred . thats why vidit is getting confused on walnut
User 2: this na ?
User 1: yeah
User 2: cool
User 1: stop spamming bitch
User 2: error a raha tha . it's finally madr
User 1: room aa after talking to your dad . ek cheez poochna hai . dikshita ki bhi ticket book karle . the nun . yo . are jeet and people are fighting upstairs ?
User 2: don't think so . kuch bola nahi . parcel me plastic  seal karne ki machine bheji hai . mom sent me this text 
User 1: arav will be moving-in by tomorrow . or day after latest .
User 2: pacca ?
User 1: yeah . just talked to him .
User 2: rent kitna dega
User 1: 8k . plus 12 .5 each cash as security deposit
User 2: nice . bhoomi only . good . you deleted this message
User 1: read from bottom to top . of each screenshot . tf do i do .
User 2: what the universe wants . get rid of the muskaan stink
User 1: too much work man .
User 2: she's not half bad . i went . i'm saying if you guys feel like it's the right thing to do see her then go and see her . and i'll also come again . rishab sent this ! . bhai we don't want to get a rental agreement with him rn . badme wo . so we have thoda leverage in the house . bahut mal mal karta hai woh . so just in case
User 1: okay . 4:30 nikal liyo bhai . arav se keys le liyo and runn . jenitt . where did you leave the ash tray ?
User 2: my room . everything g is in my room dude . except the mess everything g is fine
User 1: you kept the ash try in your room pakka na ?
User 2: yes . where are you
User 1: class . six bunks hai ismein . vidit me dekh liya . ghar theek hai
User 2: good . we're going to naveeds
User 1: ill miss you guys
User 2: your dad knows how to bowl only yorkera . yorkers . bc
User 1: wtf . when did you play cricket with him ? . 
User 2: with his questions chutiya
User 1: hahah . bc . kitna high ho dono . lodu . 
User 2: dude uncle looked at me so i'm like hello . 
User 1: mc . xd
User 2: chill hai we'll be inside
User 1: dont come out . bsdk tum dono main se koi bhi mere ma baap se high baat nahi kar rha hai . thodi der pubg khel . till they sleep
User 1: go to your room .
User 2: yas
User 1: vidit ki key leke aaiyo . door lock kar diya hai . going to sleep
User 2: cool . you home ?
User 1: yeah
User 2: wtf . it's the 12th 
User 1: haha ikr . even dad was asking ki bc kitna net use karte ho
User 2: did you invite kaustubh yet . he just asked me if there is dinner tonight at eot
User 1: yeah i did
User 2: cool
User 1: pubg update karle . the new map is available now .
User 2: bhai . bt . sahoo
User 1: what happened now  . hahahahah . just opened her snaps
User 2: bhand thi . etc . we saw her ankle . andar ka sabka dikh raha tha
User 1: hahaha . kese hogya yeh sab ?
User 2: she was with a guy around emerald . ufhar gir gayi . jishnu might get booze from goa for birthday . kya kya mangau . tell me two bottlenfor like only us for quality . and rest for quantity
User 1: abhi bahot bhand hoon . btata hoon 3baje
User 2: eminem's diss is out . killshot
User 1: cleaner just called . he wont come today . hell come tomorrow in the evening to clean .
User 2: oye . our electricity bill is 4840, and arav has to give the cleaners salary(600) so should i just ask him for one thousand bucks
User 1: rukja abhi . kal baat karte hai . ill reach home by 10:30 am .
User 2: however blore . get food . theobroma and krispy kreme
User 1: ill try man .
User 2: pitega . you deleted this message
User 1: 1 . mc aloo ticki . 6- chicken nuggets . with barbecue sauce . bhai le liya ?
User 2: yes
User 1: nice . kya kya liya aapne ?
User 2: whatever you orderes
User 1: two burgers ? :o
User 2:  . wake vidit and come . he has sessional todays
User 1: okay . what is his paper ? . oh and and
User 2: 10ish i think
User 1: kaustubh was cutting sahoos toe nails 
User 2: i thought he was painting them wtf
User 1: nahi chut . xd . he had a nail cutter
User 1: bro
User 2: bol
User 1: cleaner ka phone aaya tha . he said that he needs to pay his rent so needs 1,000 bucks . i told him shaam ko dete hai . but thoda zyada nahi ho rha ab ? bhai ko har 5-7 din main paise chaheye hote hai
User 2: i don't know what to say . zyada toh hai . chal dekhte hao . also whatever expenses you are adding on splitwisenis not on the four hundred and five group . group par dalde na
User 1: abe ios app pe nahi aata dhangse . but everything is mentioned .
User 2: theek hai just withdraw 3k-1 .2k for
User 1: okay . ek brownie le aa please !
User 2: ask arusha . me laluga uske baad
User 1: mkl . bingeyard se kuch khaega ?
User 2: na . 2nd round mai selected
User 1: my boi . lunch main kya bana hai bro ?
User 2: i'm still in class
User 1: check out maniac on netflix . limited series . bhai . bahot bore kar rha hai . please patel ko bol ghar jae . bc . bole ja rha hai yeh . nikaal isko gharse
User 2: go to your room . jeet will leave them
User 1: tell him i went to sleep
User 2: nahu nikal raha hai
User 1: okay . bol toh
User 2: bole ja eaha hai
User 1: exactly . mere room ke side main hi ho chutiyaap
User 1: room main leja sabko apne please . ab seriously sona hai
User 2: mal nahi hai . kya bolu
User 1: mosquitoe bite . andr mosquitoes nahi honge . i legit cant be social anymore . dont like people
User 2: welcome to adulthood
User 1: bhai
User 2: sup
User 1: shes like we are going to remix and asked me to come to remix today .  i asked who is we and she said we is me (her) and few girls . ab two things . should i go or should i not ? . dude reply !
User 2: go
User 1: weird ho jaega . raincheck likh rha hoon . maybe next week .
User 2: no . fir tech tatva . then sessionals . won't happen
User 1: dont think she is going to participate in techtatva
User 2: mat kar . chaleja
User 1: bekar advice . saturday nights are to stay at home . in bed . ive a feeling tonight is going to be bad because her friends will be there .
User 2: it means if anything happens it will be her movr . you won't even have to do anything . samaj
User 1: give me 4k before you leave .
User 2: how's it going
User 1: tinder is a scam
User 2: you deleted this message . you deleted this message . what's happening
User 1: bol dena upar ki fever hai . sogya early . tell vidit and arav too . dont want to meet sasha
User 2: man just come
User 1: jeet just called . 8:30 jana hai . we will leave around 9:15-9:30
User 2: noice
User 1: cleaner wont be coming today .
User 2: man
User 1: cook bhi nahi aaya na aaj ?
User 2: he made lunch
User 1: call the cleaner and tell him to come today if he can because he took a holiday last thursday . and didnt come on sunday too .
User 2: okay
User 1: he is alternating his work days man .
User 2: bolt ahu
User 1: dont get the ciggs . bought a pack from the store .
User 2: lol
User 1: lets pay this months rent within a day or two ? i dont want to wait till the end of the month . ill spend it by then for sure .
User 2: bhai abhi nahi uar . last month also i told you ke end mai pay karte hai . i'll get rent ka money when parents come no . sessionals je baad pay kare toh chalega ?
User 1: haan chill hai . ill try to be responsible this month and not spend the money .
User 2: kitna funny hai yaar tu
User 1: mkl
User 2: for our pe sir came to class to tell us no class 
User 1: lol
User 2: oye
User 1: manny is gay . sun . jain . bhai
User 2: can rishqb be your plus one for tomorrow
User 1: hahaha . mkl . what groceries did you buy bro ?
User 2: gave money to the cook . thodi awaz kam karlo plis
User 1: i have booked the ticket . splitwise pe add kardiya hai .
User 2: saw . can you tez rutu five hundred
User 1: whats her tez phone number ? . hahahah . 5:30 uth diyo . wake me up at 4:30 . ghar pe scene kya hai ?
User 2: nashe
User 1: love it
User 2: aa . get that green color condom i gave you . no questions . also which class are you in
User 1: 316 . i was hoping to use it .  . guess ill have to order more
User 2: no get a new one . just one i want . in my drawer
User 1: you only gave me one . oh acha . xd . im very very intrigued right now bro . shall talk later
User 2: it's just a prank . chill kar
User 1: abe . disappointed . no scene bro . vidit went back to four hundred and twelve
User 2: wtf . sessionals man
User 1: im watching man in the high castle
User 2: chal chod mai bhi ghar aata hu
User 1: abe . sharab pii . bhand ho jaakar bro . alexa arav ke room main leke aaya hoon gaane sunne ke liye
User 2: okay . where you at
User 1: coming home in 10-15 . whats up ?
User 2: kuch nahi just asking . just clean the house once please . just check my room properly
User 1: okay . bta diyo ghar kab aa rha hoga . deo lagana hoga . smell aa jaegi varna
User 2: air freshener . where you at
User 1: home . laundry de di teri . and air freshner daal diya
User 2: noice . omw
User 1: ok . tere mom dad living room main hai i think
User 2: bhag ja
User 1: baad main aata hoon when they go to your room
User 2: mom is going to cook
User 1: i shall wait
User 2: time lagega
User 1: then im going to die in my room .
User 2: aja bhai . ritz gadi wale ka number dena na
User 1: what time is the lunch thing ?
User 2: come after class
User 1: text kardiyo when you leave for dinner yaad se
User 2: we already left . parents won't come back
User 1: sort
User 2: what happened
User 1: smoke . havent smoked all day . smh
User 2:  . my parents aren't getting jain food only anywhere 
User 1: hahah . arre veg madhuvan serai . go there
User 2: can't eat punjabi everydya . send abhinavs number . where you at
User 1: omw to country inn . thinking to comeback . not in a mood to drink
User 2: aja
User 1: tera kya scene
User 2: we gonna go home soon
User 1: aata hoon . did you remove that amazon box from the balcony ? . air freshner bhi spray kardiyo before your parents come . text kardiyo when you guys are about to come home .
User 2: yess
User 1: parents coming home today ? . kya hua . door khol diya bro
User 2: ut ja . lunch in an hour
User 1: sun . andr aa . room main
User 2: where are you
User 1: titos
User 2: thought so . sup
User 1: come to titos
User 2: i'll take two shots and then
User 1: jaldi
User 2: dude . he already threw me out . because we were talking too much
User 1: hahahah . threw you out or you, revati and arusha ?
User 2: me arusha anushka . bt
User 1: beauty . kar gossip ab
User 2: we are going to drink lol
User 1: amazing . subtly mention over drinks that im going on a backpacking trip to amsterdam 
User 2: i'm trying to make friends in my section . i dont wanna fuck that up 
User 1: ouch . im hurt bitch
User 2: she really doesn't like you 
User 1: i fucked almost all her friends . itna banta hai
User 1: dude our rent share is rs . 8,500 each . and aravs rent share is 8,000 . give your share to him before we leave for class today so that he can deposit the money and write a check tomorrow .
User 2: okay
User 1: mardarchod . how come divya has seen the ing invitation card and one of us havent . bitch we want to see the card !
User 2: i've sent it to yall . on the group . and on instagram too
User 1: send it again . i didnt see it haramkhor . vidit ko tiwari chat chaheye . class ke baad leke aa
User 2: hat be . i have eval . i'm coming home asap to study . arav ko bol
User 1: jaldi aa
User 2: meet me halfway somewhere before class and give me the cleaners key
User 1: please please please please . wake me up around 5am tomorrow . i know youll have to get up for no reason but please barge into my room and wake me up tomorrow man otherwise my end sem lab exam wont go well
User 2: chill hai
User 1: this guy, sitting next to vidit doesnt like him . i think . and vidit is trying hard to gel . hide phone
User 2: where you at
User 1: at dt . tera kya scene hai
User 2: i'm still hete . gonna leave soon
User 1: come to dt . well go together
User 2: cool . where you at . get to some base with the girl
User 1: maid ne kya bola ?
User 2: tomorrow
User 1: fuck
User 2: what you doing for lunch
User 1: mcdonalds ?
User 2: you're getting it ?
User 1: i can . khane ka mann hai ?
User 2: yeah fine
User 1: order bta
User 2: two aloo tikkis . one pizza puff . and brownie . one mcveggie too
User 1: who tf eats that . its veg bro . i aint getting that shot . shit
User 2: that's for ria
User 1: abe . dominos ?
User 2:  . this is called chocolate and lava
User 1: listen . from now on w
User 2: you're drunk aren't you
User 1: whenever i cant study . ill come to your room . and sit with you so that i can . and yes . i tipsy
User 2:  . students can now enter their preferences for the electives on the slcm portal ( slcm  application  apply for elective) . the last date for entering preferences is 20th november 2018 .
User 1: option nahi hai
User 2: for later . i'm getting the handy guy . hide theb
User 1: just took a shot . lol . why tho ?
User 2: tube light and my toilet seat
User 1: bhai wake me up at 10 . yaad se pehle . se please .  . bro bro bro
User 2: sup
User 1: rucha ko side se dekh . she looks like a panda from kung fu panda movie . im not kidding .
User 2: i have to see the front which is worse
User 1: side ways dekhio . hahah
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: wake me up around 5:30 bro .
User 2: cook is outside . go talk to him about lunch
User 1: im not . tu baat kar
User 2: kya banana hai bol
User 1: kuch bhi
User 2: should i tell him to make dal and roti . so we can have it with aloo
User 1: he is making something . let him make that only
User 2: okay
User 1: wake me up at 2:30
User 2: i'll call dikshita chill hai
User 1: ok
User 2: bhai tez par two hundred and fifty hai ?
User 1: where are you bro ?
User 2: yoo . listen
User 1: whats up ?
User 2: i'm with all three of y'all girls 
User 1: hahah fuckk . you left your key in the keyhole chut
User 2: bahut baate ho rahi hai . i can't follow  . noice . arav woke up ?
User 1: nikal le table pe rakhdi . konsi batein
User 2: random .  ?
User 1: he slept again
User 2: game khelega ?
User 1: guess who i bumped into at the airport
User 2: who . tell
User 1: party . parth
User 2: ew
User 1: it has been four months since my last working day at physiz and i still havent received my certificate . add this line after may 2018-july 2018 .
User 2: sirf ek mai make up aaya hair right ?
User 1: sab pass bro
User 2: i'm going to give me some credit
User 1: haha . haan bhai . ghar pe bta diya . ma was like jenit ladka acha hai
User 2:  . chal ab meri ma ke liye saman lana 
User 1: haha done . arav ka kya scene hai ?
User 2: you really wanna ask this question to anyone ? . we'll eventually find out . 2-3 toh he didn't right only i think
User 1: hmm . yeah 3-4 nahi diye the i think .
User 2: arusha ko mil raha hu saturday ko . i might just get too drunk and slip her the screenshot who knows 
User 1: hahaha . show it ! show it .
User 2: you were right . south mumbaikars are shit . look at me :') . bazinga
User 1: hahah . haramie . let me know how she reacts xd
User 2: i made things between arusha and rishab worse than they already were . i'm content
User 1: what . why didnt you tell me . why wasnt i sent a ive gossip message from you
User 2: the day i met arusha
User 1: bitch
User 2: i told you i would cos trouble
User 1: details bro .
User 2: and i did
User 1: dont leave out anything
User 2: i told arusha that i'm playing a prank on rishab and told rishab . that i told arusha everything . and then arusha also became thoda curious . then she started asking me that what is it and all tell me tell me . i didn't say anything and then i told rishab that i was kidding . then at night he texted me saying that arusha is asking too many questions . and things were already very weird between them since the hookup . actually it started in the vacation only . so like they talk very less now . and that day when i was talking about rishab with arusha usko baat hi nahi karni thi . on a side note . that day anushka came pretty late . like arusha and i chilled a lott . and idk it wasn't awkward . so next semester i'll call thsoe poeple home once in a while if they don't mind coming . that's the best i can do for you .
User 1: interesting . haramie ladka hai tu . i like it .
User 2: oye
User 1: whats up ?
User 2: pura din khatam hota hai phir time milta hai . such a fuck all day
User 1: what the fuck . ruk free hoke text karta joon . twenty mins . bro . you cant do anything now . i did ask around about your situation and everyone told me that it happens quite often in the industry with interns . if its very important then you can photoshop this otherwise just let it go . and if you feel like taking a legal action like vidit advised then it would affect your career badly so just let it go man .
User 2: ik . karliya . mashahallah . jitne baal utne baache . did you get the lollipops
User 1: nah . too mild for me .
User 2: kya laya
User 1:  mera . chus liyo . 
User 2: something that happens as often as the hailey's comet
User 1: hahah
User 2: how much refund did you get for the hostel
User 1: dont remember . dad directly got it . shouldve been around 13-14k
User 2: i got 29k nevermind . 
User 1: i blew a lot of money by not signing every night for about 2-3 months
User 2: ab tak vienna mai ?
User 1: yeah
User 2: you deleted this message . you deleted this message
User 1: username: password: alicia@123 . (capital a)
User 1: correct email is : 
User 2: check your gmail if you've received a mail from coursera ?
User 1: nahibbro . you were able to login ?
User 2: if you didn't get the email then it's fine . they sent a termination mail . so i think your account is fine
User 1: i got this mail . nothing else
User 2: it's fine then chill hai . do you want to participate in an ai ml workshop in college . iit kharagpur ka . you can put on cv too
User 1: details bta . or send me the link . 
User 2: this only
User 1: karta hoon
User 2: nevermind . it's in kharagpit lol . send one thousand, seven hundred to vidit
User 1: okay . bhej diya . make up ka result aa gya hai . arav se dhang se pooch . year toh nahi aa gayi iski . i hope nahi aayi ho bro
User 2: he's checking now . four backs
User 1: how many credits earned ?
User 2: year back nahi hai
User 1: what are you having for lunch ? . 
User 2: sup
User 1: itna awkward hogya tha abhi tanvi ke sath . jaldi aa . stop inviting people to our house when your not at home . im too  man . we were sitting in awkward silence 
User 2: open the door
User 1: whats up ?
User 2: where are you
User 1: home
User 2: open the door
User 1: sup ?
User 2: kidhar hai . back home ?
User 1: still in lab
User 2: how much time
User 1: fifteen more minutes i think . tu kahan hai ?
User 2: chod i'll leave then . kidhar hai . arav isn't opening
User 1: hahah . i have a class abhi
User 2: abbe fuck . tell arav about the cake
User 1: you do it
User 2: i did the last arav thing . fu
User 1: im on a call with dad . just fucking do it
User 2: it's chill when you're done  . i'm sleeping man
User 1: it is not a session in slots . it's a workshop for two days .
User 2: break mai chalega ?
User 1: kahan ?
User 2: that omlette place . ishan and all also go there rigbt
User 1: nahi bro . my class ends at 3 . ghar jaakar chole and parantha khaunga
User 2: bt . where are you
User 1: with naman
User 2: wtf . what happened . aaja online
User 1: sasha is in my o .e class .  . two hafte baad pata chala xd
User 2: noicee
User 1: im not going today . tu ja
User 2: faltu maat kar . i'll explain yesterday's and today's . model ban gaya hai and it's predicting accurately too
User 1: what all did you order last night ?
User 2: pizza with onions . splitwise par dal dena please . bhai divya ka visa hogaya
User 1: shit
User 2: so apparently the guy commending me at the end of the workshop wasn't just a compliment . individual winners ka certificate milega 
User 1: what
User 2: i emailed him only for internship . reuters mai
User 1: hahah
User 2: let's see
User 1: smart . very smart
User 2: i'm starting internship hunt aaj hi . karle
User 1: let me know what youre doing . send me a copy of your cv and cover letter bro
User 2: cover letter ?
User 1: yeah man . cover letter matters .
User 2: bro i don't have this . send it through linkedin . you just have to attach your cv in that . 
User 1: youve downloaded a separate app right ? . linkedin jobs - name of the app .
User 2: yes . sab jaga bhejde bc
User 1: haha thats the plan . sun . i left that ml and ai wala whatsapp group . uspe ek baar likh ke poochle where do we have to go to get the certificate ?
User 2: student council office . check karle
User 1: where is that ? . and time poochle . ill pick both our certificates
User 2: before 7 . opposite cafteria entrance in ab1 . dikshita picked mine up . you got yours ?
User 1: yeah
User 2: noicee
User 1: loved you video bro . 5:45 jain dinner starts . 
User 2: abhi tak khana hi kha raha hu bc
User 1: oye . did you give cook your share of grocery money ? 750 ?
User 2: na bro . i just have initial 2k . gave . aakar sab clear karte hai
User 1: abe
User 2: you short on monymey ! . money ?
User 1: yeah, kinda . ill give him your 750 . splitwise pe dal dunga . negative mein hai grocery balance kaafi . also you, me and arav will have to split vidits share of cooks salary
User 2: bhai vidit see maang le . dubai mai hai toh toh usse abhi problem nahi hoga drne mai
User 1: hmm true . mangta hoon
User 2: bhai mere jaane ke bad brownies kaun khaya
User 1: no idea bro . arav and vidit se pooch
User 2:  . the answer . insta dekh
User 1: dekhi teri story . nice
User 2: group dekh 
User 1: around what time will you reach manipal ?
User 2: 5ish . c hill hai i spoke to the cook
User 1: bro jeet ate eight brownies . ab yaad aaya . he was high and didnt know that those were funny brownies . started eating in front of vidit and arav . and the haramkhor didnt stop him .
User 2: wtf . ?
User 1: yeahh . arav se poochio btaega
User 2: bc superhuman ki ma ka . tell me which medicinr .  .
User 1: arav ko bol diya hai
User 2: bro i asked jeet for money toh he's like how much . i'm like how many brownies did you have . he said three 
User 1: lol wtf . mujhe eight bola tha
User 2: arav knows this . uske samnr bola . anyways he'll tez it to you . milega tab bata de, i'll cut it from splitwisr
User 1: why would you cut it from splitwise ? . i dont owe you that money bro . im just the mediator between you and jeet .
User 2: no-no, he'll send you the money, so it's basically i'm giving you three hundred bucks
User 1: oh okay
User 2: you have fever ?
User 1: yeah man . ill update splitwise once he sends the money bro . patel takes forever to return money . issliye bol rha hoon
User 2: fair enough . cut it when you get it . order the food
User 1: kar rha hoon
User 2: cool
User 1: bro send a screenshot of your cv . aaj apne cv theek karunga . reference chaheye
User 2: should i just send the docx file . you can edit on it . it'll be easier . bhagwan hai sach
User 1: haha . just say that yes i took it to work out ghar pe for a day and then was going to keep it back but forgot because of exams .
User 2: cool . tv check kiya usne ?
User 1: vinod nahi aaya hai abhi . manager se baat kari hai . ghar aa . btata hoon
User 2: rip . chal i'll talk to him after class
User 1: where are you motherfucker . pick up your phone bitch . chuck it . ill order from belgian waffle
User 2: we are at eott . vidit amde . aajao . not eligible . plus don't even know react .js
User 1: bro . navmi se ghee le lena
User 2: cool
User 1: you were right about parths mom .   . i was buying ciggs adarsh pe . aunty side mein thi
User 1: rishab got summer internship via iaeste
User 2: loll . i think even apratim applied for the same one . apparently that was the only good one . ripp . apparently neither of them got it
User 1: i think angad from my class did . 1 .75 lac per month . when converted to inr
User 2: no 4th year hai . is angad getting this
User 1: i think so . not sure
User 2: bt bhai . arusha also got again
User 1: btt
User 2: i'm ordering waffles . do you want
User 1: yes sir . triple chocolate . kitchen ke sockets mein power nahi aa rhi hai . exam ke baad vinod ko phone kardiyo . and living room se bong and  hata diyo
User 2: cool . thank you for placing your request through bluedart . kindly use following link to pay rs 2648 .00 url:  . for any assistance please call twenty-two twenty-eight million, five hundred and twenty-three thousand, one hundred and sixty-one 71 . tell me what to do
User 1: empak africa ltd . company name
User 2: that's it ?
User 1: first blank : summer internship . second black : firm empak africa ltd . third blank : the internship . fourth blank : firm empak africa ltd .
User 2: i write "firm" right ?
User 1: if it sounds correct then write it back otherwise dont . use your judgment
User 2: went . sent . check and tell me if anything
User 1: third blank mein sirf internship likh . not summer internship
User 2: got it ?
User 1: got it . also, thodi research kar . about empak africa ltd
User 2: online its showing they have one job available . trainee maintenance technician
User 1: vidit chutiya kaat rha hai . feeling aa rhi hai . i am thinking not to take lor from maam right now .
User 2: is this what vidit was talking about ? . why
User 1: yeah . because i dont want to use the lor she will give on this empak africa company . ill tell her things went south or some problem happened and i wont be applying for the internship i told you about
User 2: lele . it doesnt sound bad
User 1: chal okay
User 2: say
User 1: i was waiting for it till now .
User 2: devoured it
User 1: class mein hoon . whats up ?
User 2: till 1230 ?
User 1: yeah
User 2: come fast
User 1: kya hua ?
User 2: locked out
User 1: chutiya . hang your key in a chain and wear it all the time . only solution to this .
User 2: if anyone's done industrial training or internship during the period may two thousand and seventeen to july 2018 . please fill this form out by tonight . aja online . bhai vidit zyada boldiya . we didn't even ask for him to do it . khali mujhe suna raha hai
User 1: i'm sorry man . don't know why but i just am sorry . what the fuck was that . what the actual fuck
User 2: bhai mete baap six din kaam karta hai . uske baad darjee koi kaise bula sakta hai
User 1: i swear to god . he was talking utter shit man . utter fucking shit
User 2: you text him saying withdraw jenits application . you were right . bound to regret taking favor from visit .  internship ka katega
User 1: i dont think there is any formal process . abhi kuch may bol . mat bol . if he ever texts you that his dad approved and you got the internship . at that time say i dont want it
User 2: better . dude . pay achintya one hundred na . chocolava 
User 1: got sixty-seven in my account . sab paise se sharab le aaya
User 2: chill hai  . do you need money ? . where are you . bol bhai what happened
User 1: naman had an accident . ghar aakar btata hoon
User 2: how bad
User 1: pretty
User 2: where are you
User 1: home . whats up ?
User 2: abbe . chill . needed a watch for the meeting
User 1: abe . ghar aaja . lele
User 2: have to go for a haircut . abe apna hi nahj lelu phir
User 1: enjoy 
User 2: phat rahi hai
User 1: may the force be with you .
User 2: seven girls and me
User 1: my fantasy . title of my sex tape . title of website . title of my book
User 2: one is 45 . but it's fine . gotta sacrifice somewhere
User 1: variety is crucial
User 2: all south indians here  . ghanta nahi . legit no no one above bangalore 
User 1: eat your dosa and fuck off
User 2: kafi khana hai idhar
User 1: how is it going ? . surviving ?
User 2: inshallah . where are yall
User 1: deetee . come
User 2: lol d . dik is still here
User 1: im with kaustubh and arav . aajaiyo if you can .
User 2: problem hui to boladiyo . where are you . pubg ana . aja
User 1: online aao .
User 2: dufe . vidit ko add karle . four hundred and five spam
User 1: yes . pasta nahi
User 2: and then bingeyard
User 1: no beef burger ? . abe . sirf cupcakes le le . american cheese burger with bacon
User 2: free brownie tasting
User 1:  . just woke up . whats up ?
User 2: chill hai . firse holiday lek
User 1: yuss . for attending the workshop on "building curriculum vitae" register here: for attending the workshop on workplace etiquettes register here: . for attending the workshop on how to handle personal interview register here: . bro bro . sun . can you get that american cheese burger with bacon please ? . bhooke ko khana dena punye ka kaam hota hai
User 2: tez when i tell you
User 1: done . 
User 2: oue . online aa
User 1: pubg ? . im online only
User 2: abbe whatsapp par chutiye
User 1: xd . whats up
User 2: it was shut nevermind
User 1:  . arav is mia
User 2: w me
User 1: oh thank god . i was going to kmc . to check . kal already update kar diya tha
User 2: cool cool . after one thousand, two hundred and thirty when do you have class
User 1: 2pm . ct kara liya ?
User 2: waiting
User 1: for the scan or the report ?
User 2: scan man . too slow
User 1: anyone with you ?
User 2: chill hai . tu attend kar . dikshita hai . got all the scans
User 1: got the report ?
User 2: kaha has
User 1: library audi mein tha . just came to pavitra to wish naman . aa rha hoon ghar . why did the cook make so many
User 2: one sebnahi hota so arav and i decided to have heavy breakfast loo
User 1:  . kaafi heavy hogya . placement portal for data registration from two thousand and twenty batch passing outs (current 3rd years) is live now:
User 2: get bread
User 2: where's the chai patti
User 1: gas stove ke pass dekh . kitchen mein hi kafi hogi
User 2: kaha
User 1: ic . whats up ?
User 2: lunch ?
User 1: already had it . these guys provided it
User 2: what time will you come
User 1: dont know man . late ho jaunga
User 2: chalk chill hai
User 1: we won
User 2: damn . what you getting
User 1: bro
User 2: that high ?
User 1: thoda zyada bhand hogya lagta hai . you and your dad look exactly the same man . for a second i was like two jenit kese aagaya
User 2: you're the only one who said sup boi to a dad
User 1: we drank old monk in the cup we got 
User 2:  . getting 3bhk at pearl city . come after class . respected sir ma'am, . wru
User 1: jeets room
User 2: ok ok
User 1: what time is your class tomorrow ?
User 2: 9 . laptop bahar rak de please
User 1: cool . what time are you leaving today ?
User 2: 2ish
User 1: all the best . ipill ke liye poocha ? . 
User 2: she's being a little weird but i don't think it will come up
User 1: i hope it does
User 2: then you're going under the bus . for sure
User 1: haha . text kardiyo when you guys are leaving
User 2: cool . tell cook dinner for only you 2 . also parents have keys . i'll update if they are coming home but just in case . noe they are saying that surgery won't happen tomorrow because you came late . bc
User 1: wtf
User 2: i asked him all he said was just get admitted on tuesday
User 1: how tf are you late for tomorrows surgery
User 2: ek doctor sunliya abhi hod ko sunauga
User 1: dhang se sunaiyo bc
User 2: four people got themselves admitted today before me
User 1: yell, do anything but get the surgery done tomorrow . because day after is holi toh its going to be a holiday . i .e no surgery . youll have to wait till friday or saturday
User 2: contact that fb guy too . where you just tagged us
User 1: pest control guy is coming home right now
User 2: do we have to pay him now only ?
User 1: wait im almost home
User 2: you have the money right . cool cool . also the fb post
User 1: mere bathroom mein bhi karwa diyo
User 2: karlr call . done
User 1: yeah
User 2: y'all decide and let me know . pics bhejna thanks . also choco lava in the fridge
User 1: awesome . are you leaving right now ?
User 2: left
User 1: let me know when uncle auntie leave for home
User 2: yes . kaha kaha jaoge
User 1: tuesday ke baad jaenge . not today
User 2: that's too late man
User 1: cant help it . sessional is in three days . only have today and tomorrow to study
User 2: accha
User 1: friday i have classes from 8:30-5:30 to with only thirty mins break in this
User 2: chal the hai . but did you talk to those fb guys
User 1: didnt get time . karta hoon raat mein . whats your scene ?
User 2: bas leta hu
User 1: also, why did uncle give me the key ? they wont be coming back home ?
User 2: dad left . mom will leave on saturday . so when you come just give her the key then . one post you tagged us in is pearl city only
User 1: okay . auntie will stay with you at the hospital today ?
User 2: yes . till i get discharged
User 1: okay . text kardiyo if auntie plans to come home to rest . ghar pe bong aa chuka hai issliye 
User 2:  ok . mostly make ups . apparently i have to get admitted again for rehab
User 1: what the fuck . youre talking about end semester exams ? . cant you just attend physiotherapy everyday and sit at home
User 2: yes . full eval tho
User 1: like go for the therapy and come back home
User 2: i'll plead got this
User 1: what time is your surgery tomorrow ?
User 2: 12ish
User 1: ill early morning tomorrow . come early . text me your room number and stuff
User 2: surgery ke baad hi aajao . aren't you going to play holi
User 1: pehle aa jaunga . auntie ke sath koi hona chaheye na . nope
User 2: n2, 212 . if y want to visit the apartment plz cal 8310453342 . for shambhavi 3bhk . please call . keep your secrets
User 1: arre gandu . i said, ek heads up toh de deta that auntie is coming home . lodu
User 2: i was sleeping lol . what happened
User 1: nothing . bach gye . i hid everything before opening the door
User 2: what all was there
User 1: im not going to leave a paper trail by writing the contents here on whatsapp but lets just say god would not have been happy if he knew what all was out in the living .
User 2: are there holidays between make up exams
User 1: yes . the timetable of makeup exams and normal exams is the same . the duration and gap between papers
User 2: gg
User 1: how you doing boi
User 2: dekhne aate toh you would know
User 1: video call karu ? . dekh lenge .  . sessional hai bro kal . three papers . btata toh . how are you ?
User 2: how was the bhang
User 1: ohoho . pura thursday chud gya . i was studying dhangse subh . had decided that im not going play holi
User 2: this place is as depressing as it gets
User 1: uske baad jeet and everyone just barged in . and i lured me in . i get it man . dont one worry . dont worry man . one more night  . when are you getting discharged ? . what time ?
User 2: im literally dying to get out . afternoon
User 1: sort sort
User 2: mom is leaving sunday morning . last min flight ticket 18k fatka
User 1: sunday afternoon we immersing ourselves in sharab then  . holy fuck . youre one expensive kid
User 2: painkillers sorry . bc sahoo bhi milne ayi
User 1: hahahah . we care more . remember that . we love you bro 
User 2: ty
User 1: dil se chahte hain tera bhala . gussa ho kya ?
User 2: dude you have no idea what kind of jail this is
User 1: it cant be that bad 
User 2: maybe after thinking this yall didnt come so okay
User 1: jenit bro, yesterday i was going to come to the hospital . sabko bol rha tha chalo but bhaang and alcohol got so much that everyone just passed out and i still woke-up high . and kal three exams . meri bhi problem samjh bhai . ghar aaja . we are waiting for you . bas thoda time aur wait karle . these fuckers put twenty-five bhang pills in only two litre of milk and we fucking drank it all
User 2: it's fine . padle . atb . ps . i saw half episode of got because the meds are so powerful that i didn't feel like watch the other half
User 1: sun
User 2: supp
User 1: sabko bol . garmi lag rhi hai . room mein ac mein bethe hai
User 2: bong lena hai ?
User 1: arav ko . and smell aajegi . sutta
User 2: kidhar bc
User 1: pavitra . old monk . you want some ?
User 2: bt
User 1: watch delhi crime . this match is fixed . tuck that
User 2: 6th wicket
User 1: 53-7 . what . the . fuck . i think rcb is going for a new lowest score in ipl
User 2: can't watch it . i started half episode nahi hua . can't
User 1: i get it man
User 2: go down to sign sahoo
User 1: greetings from tata consultancy services  ! . dear all
User 2: bro . when you come for class please get my slippers . my current slippers broke . my class is next to the new gate only
User 1: lol okay
User 2: tell me when you come . just give the guard forty bucks i'll take it from him
User 1: its okay . ill wait . chutiye kahan hai ?
User 2: where are you 2 .
User 1:  .
User 2: 430  ?
User 1: width 431 . height five hundred and thirteen
User 2: keerti ka number bhej . the mandavi guy
User 1: dont have the number
User 2: did you order from adarsh
User 1: i didnt bro . who do you not see in this poster ? cersei
User 2: is this fan made
User 1: nope . official poster released last night
User 2: damn son . bata kya bolu . she's giving room for flirting . 180701034 . press f . sup
User 1: where you at ?
User 2: home . triple chocolat ?
User 1: pehle bta . whats for dinner ?
User 2: egg rice
User 1: nah
User 2: send ishans number
User 1: we getting booze tonight ?
User 2: still haven't asked dik the plan . i'll tell you after paper . nope
User 1: cool . i think revati got flagged too . 
User 2:  . pls send him your cv and an lor . he will add you in the iit b ka incubator . pls do this asap . ask any other cse  cce student you want to also send their cv on this email id . p is small not capital
User 1: do i get a new lor or attach the last one ? . the one i send to vidit . jaldi bta . are you planning to get a new lor or just attach the old one ?
User 2: old
User 1: send me the picture of your email . i have no idea what to write in the mail .
User 2: i'm just attaching the two thing
User 1: you cant send the an empty email with two attachments . kuch toh likhde . never mind . ive sent the mail
User 2: did you get milk
User 1: yeah . splitwise pe add kardiya hai . dheere dheere karke deta hoon . nine hundred and seventy
User 2: i have like sixty bucks . kaunse sutte . where are you
User 1: home sweet fucking home
User 2: bc rukh toh jaya kar . but ik that feeling
User 1: 10:30 free hogya tha . adhe ghante thodi rukta . let me correct that, 10:25 free hogya tha
User 2: same . i came to kmc . fucking dogs here
User 1: kya bola ortho ne ? . hahah
User 2: too crowded with too many poor people . waiting
User 1: haha chal okay . enjoy
User 2: do you have assignments today ?
User 1: two assignments man . 2-4:30
User 2: chal crush kar
User 1: ji sure . sir
User 2: ria is also coming
User 1: man . why . imma study
User 2: how much did you study after you left the living room
User 1: the party is tomorrow i think . on sunday
User 2: oh . do you have a calculator
User 1: no
User 2: listen . whenever you come just get an ipill too . i don't want to go buy with fractured hand
User 1: okay . ab likh diya .
User 1: bhai . im going to jeet and telling him we got to leave . cool ?
User 2: nikalne nahi dega yaar
User 1: fuck him
User 2: told you bt dega
User 1: kisne di bt . and kya
User 2: vidit . group par chutiya awkward bana raha hai
User 1: i cant believe kitna chutiya banda hai yeh . fuck . tell priyank not to pay these chuts even a single buck . why tf should they split such huge amount when only two people are at fault
User 2: did
User 1: priyanka
User 2: ik . don't withdraw my 500 . or you'll spend it
User 1: why . hahah . nahi nahi ill withdraw it . chill
User 2:  . atb . dear students . we are solving a paper first
User 1: karlo . im revising the concepts pehle . what time do we leave for shambhavi ?
User 2: fuck . pubg khel . phir
User 1: what . nahi ja rhe kya ?
User 2: we'll leave after pubg
User 1: online aa
User 2: send arav the house video . bro tell the two answers from the 50hp motor question
User 1: bro three hundred and thirty-five kab ka hai ?
User 2: got today . cheese and all
User 1: cool cool
User 2: did you get sugar
User 1: i got 500g of sugar a couple of days back . should be in one of the containers . kitchen main .
User 2: i couldn't find it . just check or i'll get it niw
User 1: hai bhai . someone had kept it on the dinning table .
User 2: cool . kya scene
User 1: coming home
User 2: pubg
User 1: baad main
User 2: you're getting food
User 1: yayy . did you sell me out ?
User 2: yes and no
User 1: bitch . leagueof@123 . hotstar ki website khol . login ki pe, facebook link pe click kar . and then put the username and password
User 2: cool . made this in usa ?  . wrong password
User 1: haan  . login hua ?
User 2: yes
User 1: noob
User 2: bosadike bata duga
User 1: bitchh . i saw 0 .5 seconds of your instagram story
User 1: fuckk . 
User 2: aage bhi dekh
User 1: no
User 2: lyanna stark one ?
User 1: shut the fuck up . i just saw like 0 .2seconsa . fir band kar diya tha . i didnt even know it was lyanna . fuck duck fuck fuck
User 2: stark nahi sorry
User 1: she is back from the dead
User 2: mormony
User 1: wtf
User 2: bachhi
User 1: ahdudnvsix scaid djs . bahdid dcsuis f
User 2: it's better than saying lyanna stark came to life . because that's not true . aaj online
User 1: thahahah . tu message delete kardiya group se . 
User 2:  . decision kene de . enjoy
User 1: you dont have to go to my dept office . dekh liya maine
User 2: cool
User 1: why did the night king not die after drogon spit fire on him .
User 2: only wights die with fire . when the night king kills the old three eyed raven also the entrance is burning but when all the white walkers pass the fire goes away . where are you
User 1: just reached deetee bro
User 2: coming in 20 . nope . i've deo andb perfume outside
User 1: do you know her ?
User 2: jeez padle . no i dont
User 1: you are of no use jain .
User 2: i know fat people . i know people you already dif . and i know people who won't do yoy . what to do now
User 1:  . gaand main ghusaa le apni .
User 2: remember i broke dikshitas phone ? . now i have to use a dabba phone next sem and give her my phone
User 1: oh fuck . forgot about that, well played my son . well played . arav missed his 4th lab today
User 1: bol rha hai monday ko repeat kar lega two labs but agr nahi hua toh back
User 2: gg
User 1: because chutiye ki total number of labs are 10 . missed 4, so attendance 60
User 2: kitna phuko wo kal
User 1: not much, passed out around 7:30pm . woke up around 3-4am . smoked up again and then slept . subh utha hua tha though but lab ka kaam nahi kara tha bhai ne so decided not to go .
User 2: apan kitna hi bolege . where you gonna be in jult . also hotstar de . waise bhi teri lab hogi :p . first thing morning please i'll wake up . nevermind just respond to this lel
User 1: dont know man
User 1: man . arav is most probably getting detained in the make-up lab . 
User 2: obviously . subah subah likhta hai good episode
User 1: hahah . shayad bach jae if he goes in the afternoon and begs . varna doubtful hai
User 2: abbe ten me se five jayega for a make-up . how many times can he say sorry sir was sleeping, pichle din end sem tha
User 1: dont know man . i hope that got episode was worth getting a detained for . getting detained
User 2: why aren't you in lab
User 1: i was, but then i got hungry so i came to mit cafeteria for some dosa
User 2: tumlog nahi sudhroge . how was the birthday bash !
User 1: lol . i was  the whole day . split between two people, we ate a lot man .
User 2: humme bhi khiladiya kar . so 23 . hm . gg . shaddi .
User 1: stfu
User 2: bro
User 1: what
User 2: i was talking to arusha about the internships and all . like she might be doing somewhere else  and when she asked me what are my plans i said rip . then she asked me profile i was looking for and i said ai ml . and then outta nowhere she sends me this . he will also understand the softwares learn to do user stories .put content o  the website . we presently dont have a clear idea how to do ai and ml and if it fits in our company presently . ask him to join us and help us in putting our systems together . he will do product and market research and by doing that he create a path dir ai and ml . so basically like a digit maketing internship . so i'm confused
User 1: lol
User 2: because this won't really help me except work exp
User 1: this is confusing
User 2: and if i do my own shit i can add atleast three things to cv . what to do
User 1: do your own shit then . this work ex wont help you at all because its not related to the career you want to have man . on the other hand, you wont be bored and will have something to do this summer if you do take up the internship
User 2: what about diversity in my cv ? . na i've planned my summer out . except the trips everything is fixed
User 1: fuck fhck duck fuk . varys is dead . burnt . roasted . duckckkd fuck
User 2: tu abhi dekh raha hai . sad . dude this epi is too fucking good
User 1: just started
User 2: dekh dekh
User 1: so . 1 . cersei . all dead ? . 5 . clegane . 7 . euron . anyone missing from the list ?
User 2: just this . did you like the episode tho
User 1: lodu . kyun likha group pe . we saw our results . i cleared 78 subjects
User 2: damnn . maths toh pata hi tha
User 1: bechara arav didnt clear five subjects plus he got detained today . bhai ka toh mood kharab hai
User 2:  . five  kaha se bc
User 1: idk
User 2: which ones
User 1: shubh baat karunga usse . abhi kuch mat boliyo . some result might change tomorrow
User 2: obviously . we both know it prolly wont
User 1: mos, eom . baaki nahi bta . i feel bad for him man . he is on the verge of getting a year back
User 2: mos bc :x . eom toh accha gaya tha . dude that as bad as apna software engineering . like that type
User 1: lol . shayad kal change ho jae
User 2: dikshita might have topped e
User 1: holy motherfucking moly
User 2: itni negativity around us kya hi bole
User 1: 
User 2: get a gf . sab sudhar jayege . bhai divya . pehle internship
User 1: stop
User 2: phir semester . sab phad di . ha nahi boluga uske marks
User 1: bhosdike samjh nahi aata kya . dont wanna know . oblivion main jeena hai
User 2: toh nahi bola na uska marks . hows manipal 
User 1: news
User 2: bol
User 1: im moving out next sem . and vidit is moving in
User 2: wtf
User 1: hahah . yeah
User 2: bhai yeh bt ab de raha hai . chutiya . they'll find man
User 1: i wanted to live with achintya and ishaan for one semester .
User 2: gg
User 1: vidit se baat kari, he said he is fine with moving-in @ 405 . so yeah .
User 2: humme toh puchna hi nahi matlab
User 1: arre aapke liye replacement provide kara, also . when you leave after 7th semester . ill move-back in if im still in manipal . so you dont have to look for a third roommate for these guys .
User 2: what about regal then ? . you're getting six month lease ! .  ?
User 1: yeah
User 2: abbe yeh acchi bt hai
User 1: im not sure . abhi confirm kar rha hoon . 
User 2: bro i want vidit as a neighbor . 
User 1: hahah . ruk bhai confirm nahi hai abhi .
User 2: all the best studying there  . itni eye roll kar raha hu abhi tbh, i feel like bran
User 1: hahahah . confirm ho gya sir . six month lease
User 2:  .  . 
User 1: stop man . im already feeling bad
User 2: akele dubai nahi gaya because mujhe pata hai woh chutiya katta hai . tu 1sem ke liye chod diya bc
User 1: haha bas ek sem ki baat hai . youll have fun with vidit . acha banda hai .
User 2: you know it's the last sem ya ?
User 1: thats why im moving with them . ek baar saath rehna hai .
User 2: cool . bhai padhai ki jo maa chudne wali hai . just imagine three stoners in one roof . man try to reconsidering . kya hi bolu . this semester was already shitty . accha yeh bata, do you think vidit and arav will mind living with naman ?
User 1: haha . i really want to live with them for one semester . i have known them for three years manx . man
User 2: fuck thay
User 1: 100
User 2: yeh bata . they will mind ? . fuckk
User 1: nobody likes living them him . yeah . chill kar na tu be . one semester with vidit cant be that bad . arav bhi toh hoga
User 2: bro i can't afford to fuck up the last semester . you know i don't have self control with pit . and three rich stoners . bro i just can't . i spoke to the manager . 1bhks are empty
User 1: jenit please please dont be an ass . you wont fuck it up bhai, you have self control . unlike our boy arav . also, sirf four months ki baat hai .
User 2: you don't say . you also didn't want to move to shambhavi because it's the last sem and vidit and all are in pp . tu bhi kata na end mai ? . still a sem . see if i don't find anyone then obviously i'll stay . kaustubh might ask his parents . let's see . yeah so kaustubh said he can't afford pp
User 1: you would actually prefer a 1bhk apartment with much much higher rent than living with vidit bro ?
User 2: not only vidit man . vidit and arav seeing that we all are fucking stoners . that's the scariest
User 1: haha youll do just fine .
User 2: bro you have no idea how scary it is for me . bolde . mai bhi bolta hu
User 1: youll be engaged in the placement process . toh tu ghar pe zyada nahi hoga
User 2: tere two semester mai one make up aya na, agle sem bhi max ek hi aayega .  .  . let hope both of us are right  . teko pata hai as soon as the placement thing is iver tu kitni sharaab piyega . but fine . i don't want to guilt trip you more . it's wrong on my part
User 1: haha love you too man . i know i should have given you a heads up, it was wrong on my part to just text this to you but . i was too confused for a long time  because i didnt know how to say this to you guys man . you assholes are family man .
User 2: cool
User 1: ah .  . okay so . our home boy arav is drunk and chatty . i love him . tomorrow you shall hear good stories because arav and sasha are bonding as of this moment 
User 2: cool . laundry bag wale kapde dede yaar
User 1: okay
User 2: kmc jayega ? 
User 1: fuck no
User 2: bro udhar hi hai . and less crowded because no student . and you don't have much to do man . aage kab karega mera kam . ghar hi chod diya . 
User 1: kya bakwas hai, kmc sirf mit ke bache thodi jaate hai . koi interest nahi hai sir . arav ko bolna xd
User 2: he left . bhai insurance ke paise nahi ayege . cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool
User 1: ill go tomorrow . bta kya karna hai bro ?
User 2: ghar jaakar bolta hu . just get my file and search for the latest case file . usme there will be tick boxes on a sheet from the night of the accident . 9th march . usme see if something like . basically any proof to show i wasn't drunk . also . internship lagi
User 1: ayyee
User 2: bahut scam . so ankur and i went . ankur was controlling the interview, not the interviewers  . he directly said hafte mai 1din aajayege to submit updates
User 1: congratulations mothefucker . hahah
User 2: these guys knew we are there for certificates . and they want tax concessions
User 1: wtf
User 2: and the work is so stupid . six weeks project can be done iver the weekend  . im not learning anything new
User 1: did he know the interviewers from before or what ? . whats the project man ?
User 2: no but reference ke through na so . detecting certain vehicles in videos  . did the same thing in physiz .
User 1: exactly . are you getting paid for doing nothing this summer ?
User 2: i'm not doing the good profile internship because it's too far and if i do that i won't have time to practice for the interviews . nothing lol . win win situation for everyone haha . start competitive coding bro . hey suraj, . is this fine ?
User 1: why mention the cool iron man thing . sounds condescending
User 2: thought so
User 1: but i dont know the content so . context
User 2: pubg
User 1: eating abhi . thodi der main . what the fuck man . this is too much
User 2: too scared to read so didn't lol . sober hokar lel
User 1: haha . mat dekh, raat kharab ho jaegi
User 2: also . are you getting to sit for many interviews like if your cgpa goes above that threshold we spoke about
User 1: i need a minimum of d in math and if i get that after makeup then cgpa will cross six :d
User 2: o
User 1: but e aagaya toh six cross nahi hoga
User 2:  . padle bhai . coursera ko break mar . and then start doing data structures and all . going to spend my entire vacation competitive coding onkyn . nahi toh baki chutiye log le jayege acchi companies
User 1: haan bhai . 14th june ke baad yehi sab karunga . abhi sirf lab and math pe dhyaan de rha hoon . kal parso free hoke thoda explain karna . kahan se kya kar sakta hoon and stuff
User 2: yeah yeah . believe it or not . ankur yeh sab bataya . bhai you should see how much he's doing all this . i was like three saal se janta hu . bhai aise log legaye na, toh three idiots wala sucide directly
User 1: hahah . kya kar liya isne esa ?
User 2: sari website sare competent sare courses isne hi toh batye . universities bhi dekh liya bc
User 1: announcing the launch of the infosys certification for all engineering students in india graduating in 2020 . register kahan se karna hai iske liye . samjh nahi aa rha
User 2: isn't this the same thing . this is the link we got with this . group dekh  . was getting tired of his dubai trip
User 1: hahaha . i know man . tera last message dekha and i was like jenit ladega aaj vidit se . 
User 2: i was happy when kaustubh replied . ab nahi hoga
User 1: ab bta . vidit ne bada chada ke bola ya nahi ? . 
User 2: let me read . man my timing is wrong every fucking time . yeh to achi story nikli 
User 2: checking wait . so the dataset is basically just the description of the movie . like if the genre is one then that movie is part of that genre . vice versa . and the prediction is whether the movie wwas a success or not . then the standard scalar function is used to normalise the dataset . you deleted this message . we need to do this because the columns from g to l are not in the range from -1 to 1 . we do this scalar normalisation because we dont want any one feature to affect the model more . like if the votes are in millions and the genre is just zero or 1, change in the number of votes will affect the output more because it is such a big value so thats why you just normalize all features . you deleted this message . clf  svm .svc() . this is basically creating two different models using the training set and getting the predictions on the test set . confusion matrix in this case is a 22 matrix . basically the principal diagonal elements should be as large ass possible and the other elements should be as less . acc1  this is self explanatory . precision and recall are two performance measures . i dont really understand the significance of either . but f1 score is calculated as . f1  two  (pr)(pr) . higher f1 is better basicall
User 1: damn . need some time to understand all this . fuck . ek baar laptop pe tum kar . run kar . and fir call kar please
User 2: arre bata toh sahi kya hua isme . mera internship ka run chal raha hai isliye abhi nahi kar sakta
User 1: dont understand these values . also jab test file run karta hoon . tab error ata hai . free hoke raat mein call karliyo but please karliyo . kal subh submission hai
User 2: accuracy is just number of wrong predictions . precision and recall ka formula dekh . false positives are those instances where the model predicts the output as one (movie is successful) but actually the movie wasn't successful . this is your two by two matrix that is printed . so one hundred and sixty-two movies which werent successful, the model also predicted it wasn't successful . and accuracy   correctly predictedall 0 .9
User 1: prediction using svm and prediction using logestic regrrssion ka kya scene hai ? . all the 0s and 1s .  . also what does actual mean in this ? . actual yes and actual no
User 2: basically jo test set mai instances hai, according to svm model all the movies were not successful, and according to logistic regression only the first two movies were successful . number of elements in that prediction list is basically the number of elements in the test set xtest . see the test set is part of the csv file for which we know the output . so the given output is the actual output, andthe predicted one is predicted by the svmlr classifier given only the input
User 1: the total number of movies in the training csv is 1000 . yeh thirteen kyun dikha rha hai ? . out of which total successful movies are 772 . according to the csv file . last column
User 2: nevermind, this is happening on check .csv
User 1: ohh . got it . got it . 
User 2: why is this your lab proj
User 1: my lab instructor is chutiya guy who was very vague about the labs project requirements and shit . so i just asked one of the guy doing the lab with me to get someone elses project . that they did last semester . yeh banda akhand chutiya hai . hello world ke aage koi program nahi samjh sakta . issliye im trying to understand this . also, why this difference in result . svm model and logistic se . shouldnt they predict the same thing ?
User 2: different approaches to detect . svm basically forms a hyperplane in the n-dimension . so points on one side of the hyper plane are in one class and the other side are the other class
User 1: acha . last question
User 2: logistic regression is more based on probability
User 1: graph ka kya scene hai . how to interpret this . auc graph mein accuracy hai ? if so why is this 0 .83 and neeche accuracy is 0 .9
User 2: bro just write the particular graph names on google . mujhe bhi interpretation and significance nahi pata
User 1: this is the part that gets us those dots
User 2: abbe ye random chutiyap hai . see the 6th and 7th column in x . its just drawing a graph between two random features . delete that part because there is actually no interpretation for that
User 1: okay
User 2: bro i checked ghanta twenty kill nahi hue uske
User 1: kiske ? . i think you sent it to the wrong guy back-bircher . bitcher
User 2: abbe vidit likha na group par that uska bhi kal hur the . after you sent the screenshot wala message thinf
User 1: ohh
User 2:  . group par bheja . chutiya
User 1: i was hurt so . hahaha . proof dena tha mujhe
User 1: im very proud . chill hai . sirf kaustubh ne dekh tha . no one else saw it . we good 
User 2: hahahaha . sab sach nikla
User 1: abe . shakal hai meri, stop harassing me . case thok dunga saale tujhpe . what does sans beard mean ? 
User 2: without . bro kmc jaa na plis
User 1: sorry man . forgot . kal jata hoon . apna kmc number bta . also ek baar firse bta where do i have to go and ask for what
User 2: ortho four mai file manga after giving the number and xerox the report from 9th march . whatever report that basically says i was so er . sober . number badme bhejta hu . kidhar awol chalagaya
User 1: math padh rha tha yaar . whats up ?
User 2: zs data science challenge 2019
User 1: yes, got it . link for a mock test by tcs . 12th june ko hai
User 2: i frogot to wish priyanka . you deleted this message
User 1: message deleted . bhai se chupaega ab .  . ab karde . chill hai
User 2: bhai drawer mai bonafide certificate pada hai . camscan bhej na
User 1: okay
User 2: gg thanks . you deleted this message . you deleted this message
User 1: ah . delete that shit
User 2: you deleted this message . you deleted this message
User 1: deletee . tu noida aa rhi hai na ?
User 2: tu bata . i'll try to reschedule
User 1: aaja . wapis kasol nikal lenge . 
User 2:  . you're free in the start of july ?
User 1: yeah bro . koi kaam nahi hai . dates bta ?
User 2: internship ?
User 1: nahi mili abhi tak . abe tu 14th june ko hi aaja
User 2: kitna free hoga bc tu . chup chap competitive coding chalu kardio . job acchi mili toh sari galtiya maaf hai . and the smart ones are doing internships rn so they won't have time to practice for interviews . beast mode on karle
User 1: haha abe ek mahine ke liye thodi bol rha hoon . friday, saturday ko rukja . sunday nikal liyo . yes sir . paper ke baad beast mode hai . but abhi phatt rhi hai bc . iss ek subject ne zindagi kharab karke rakhi hai
User 2: bahut salo se . but ek hi hai . hagna nahi . how has arav been studying for his papers ?  scene at home ?
User 1: bilkul nahi bhai . banda change ho gya hai . abhi tak dono paper pass hai . aaj ka bhi pass ho jaega . acha kar rha hai launda
User 2: gg thank god . online aa mkl . did you give the mock test
User 1: nah man . i forgot . been studying math all day . 
User 2: mockvita two hai aaj karlio . the practice round -mockvita2 will be open from 3:00 ist on 14th of june to 3 .00 pm ist, fifteen june two thousand and nineteen
User 1: kal hi kar paunga . leave for the airport now . two baje flight hai, ill reach delhi around 11:30 raat ko . and ghar aate aate 1am . 
User 2:  . direct wali leleta
User 1: company band ho gayi . jetairways . kahan se book karu ab .
User 1: haha old news man . pehle hi ho chuka tha yeh
User 2: aaj feed par dekha i'm like isko kahi toh dekha hai
User 1: lol
User 2: bhai matlab sharam hi nahi aati ab, phone ki bt mil rahi thi toh when everyone slept rn in the afternoon i rolled one 
User 1: haha . you actually smoked it ? . bada gutsy ho gya hai ghar jaakar bc . specially from a guy coming from a strict jain family
User 2: im so fuckeed rn . tripping on the match . good vacation
User 1: hahahah . tripping with dad ?
User 2: so rahe hai sab .
User 1: amir achi bowling kara rha hai
User 2: dad assumed it was going to rain
User 1: lolol
User 2: wicket nahi gaya chill hai
User 1: kl rahul ki kaafi phatti hui hai opening karne main
User 2: lol
User 1: yeah, thats good . jeetenge . inshallah
User 2: nahi toh itne acche ad ka matlab kya
User 1: indiaa india
User 2: virgin sala ja thoda tinder par
User 1: abe chup bhosdike . bhosdike pitch pe bhaag rha hai amir
User 2: ik
User 1: 2nd warning mil chukihai lodu ko
User 2: chup kar commentary . mute
User 1: yeh implement karna hai . thoda bta na kya algo use karu
User 2: you want to predict who will leave ? . also internship ?
User 1: yeah . haanji . type of employee who will leave . like sales, marketing etc
User 2: and for the why these employees, draw various graphs of features so you can see . simple neural network use kar
User 1: and then which employee specifically is prone to leave
User 2: use keras for easy model
User 1: hmm padhna padega iske baare mein .
User 2: like features of an employee that will leave ? . barely . the api is to easy
User 1: i think they mean employee id . or could be this too . this is what all they want .
User 2: 3rd thing is the neural network . for the other two draw graph using python for each feature for both the classes and see what you find . so like if some values (one column) is small for all values in which the employee will leave, then that is the trend . try to do that and see if you come to some conclusion if you dont see anything then tell i'm i'll think something different
User 1: acha theek hai . btata hoon
User 2: kamakaze . limon . grey goose . absolut . i was drinking vodka dude mad . then we came back home and smoked  . bhai yeh ladki ek vacation mai kaha se kaha pauch gayi hai dar lagta hai
User 1: hahah . mujhe iss dikshita ke saath party karni hai .
User 2: the only thing i drank thid vacation was bud and old monk
User 1: thats so sad man . i did that in manipal itself . youre in bombay boy . go outt
User 2: hahaha but it's fine . alcohol secondary hai .
User 1: party with jeet .
User 2: jo  phuka oho bhai rona aajata hai hamesha . sucide . basic
User 1: stories dekh bhai ki aajkal . raat raat bhar bahar rehta hai
User 2: spending on champagne ? ? . uska future set hai . hume naukri chaiye . bro idk how to shift from strains to manipal  . man you need to smoke strains more often notnonlynin amsterdam
User 1: youll shift without any problem man . jab options hi nahi ho tab kese choosy banega . dikshita ko btade ki manipal main, yeh puri list repeat ho rhi hai ek baar . date tum log decide karlena . 
User 2: manipal main paise nahi hote . bhai . fucj . my school people are too careless . too . bahut fuck hua aaj . pehle ek ladki ka bag swap test hua and then thc mila bag mai . we had  brownies but i didn't get checked so as soon as i checked in i threw them in the bin . then my friend who had the e kept it with his medicines so air india told him to wait and not board . usko puche itne medicinesnkyu and all . bhai gaand phat gayi . but the trip begins
User 1: oh fuck man . trip shuru hone se pehle hi khatam ho jaati . why tf are you taking all this from bombay ? . sab kuch milta hai kasol main bc . thats so stupid of you guys to take e and edibles from home . 
User 2: brownies was for the travel to mi (full day today) . e they didn't trust the quality hete . par kafi bt mili chutiye log
User 1:  . next level nasheedi ho tum log . respect . cant go sober even a single second . haha told you man . bombay people are chutiye . tu exception nikal gaya bas . pta nahi kese
User 2: lost love . it's okay i get it . internship ka kya scene
User 1: chal rhi hai bro . buy this for me . medium size . and esa mast sa saman bhejte reh . ill pay you in manipal . or tez the money to one of friend if they have google pay . but please buy it if the print is decent
User 2: 2000 . it's painted
User 1: goddamn . will the paint come off ?
User 2: i'll ask
User 1: shukriya
User 2: washable . left one is tsbirt . jaldi boo . tell
User 1: two mins
User 2: i'm leaving then . jaldi . now . asap
User 1: haha . buy this one . t-shirt
User 2: cool
User 1: and this . nahh fuck this . only the tishri . t-shirt
User 2: one thousand, two hundred
User 1: who do i tez ?
User 2: lighters
User 1: lighters rehne de . ghum jaate hai bc
User 2: zippo ka dard
User 1: haha yeah
User 2: splitwise par dalde
User 1: daal diya
User 2: chill hai . you'll be in noida only 3rd july onwards no
User 1: bta diyo bhai
User 2: cool
User 1: flight agr cancel ho gayi agr toh pick karne aa jaunga airport
User 2: no i'll come by bus from chandigarh
User 1: haan haan toh bta dena . bus top, vahan aajaunga . kal dad ka bday hai, people would be over at home . dont be smelling of  boi . tu hash bombay leke ja rha hai ?
User 2: i don't want to but these guys might take
User 1: haha gg . chill hai, bombay mein mi ki feel
User 2: noo . i don't want all this
User 1: kyun be . sabbatical pe ja rha hai kya ab ?
User 2: prolly not . risky man . it's a military airport
User 1: haha . oh shit . risky toh hai . but you wont be carrying it toh kya tension
User 2: abbe same pnr number
User 1: tu thodi liable hai for them . still
User 2: they are dumbfucka
User 1: if your bags dont have any substance then they cant do shit . chill kar
User 2: kya hi bolu bc
User 1: enjoy the last day man
User 2: yep . kafi sharaab pi bc . still have the hangover
User 1: hahahah . nextt sem bitch . we getting hammered af . last semester of bachelor
User 2: aur bt dede
User 1:  . kya status flight ka tera ?
User 2: boarded bro . manipal mai milte hai
User 1: already ? . wtf
User 2: 7:45 flight na
User 1: what time did you reach delhi ?
User 2: nono i was going to mumbai directly from chandigarh and was going to come to delhi if that got cancelled
User 1: oh . fir theek hai, varna gaali khane wala tha tu . ki bc delhi aakar mila bhi nahi
User 2: dikshita delhi mai hai mille
User 1: kya karunga teri gf se tere bina milke
User 2: true true 
User 1: manipal main milte hai . full-on sharab . im to excited . ab toh koi excuse bhi nahi hoga tere pass
User 2: bad last sem need to cover up :p
User 1: fuckkjkk offr . bakwas mat kar . seedhe absinthe pil dunga varna
User 2: gandagi baat mat kar . black and white kafi pi idhar . kinda like that tho
User 1: never had that before but dont mind trying it
User 2: obviously
User 2: bhai
User 1: whats up ?
User 2: things dont look very good man . like dikshita doesnt text properly because shes visiting people and in kolkata also she was busy . so i brought up the matter and long story short shes like she cant put the facts of what happened last sem behind her and wants to take a break
User 1: what the fuck . are you okay ?
User 2: "i need to refresh myself, as this has been too much on my mind" . mkc . yeah not violent just sad
User 1: why all of a sudden man
User 2: shes like it was on my mind since vacations started
User 1: why did you bring up the moody matter . bloody matter
User 2: and she cant forgive me for what i did last sem . bc vacation mai text nahi karti call nahi karti sahi se . par snapchat jitne logo ke saath streak hai woh sahi se karegi . im like bhai aisa long distance mujhe nahi chalega . so like start talking basically . behen ne toh rokh hi laga diya
User 1: usne bola kya ? i need a break of one week- two week sort of shit . or break for the foreseeable future ?
User 2: till sem starts
User 1: give it to her . the break
User 2: yeah its not like a mcq where i have options . fml
User 1: bro . this break is a very important for your relationship . whatever happened last semester, whatever you did last semester, she needs to flush that out and this break should make her realise how much you mean to her . i dont know what else to say man . youll just have to wait . tune bahot bada kaand kara tha . ab the ball is in her court . tu kuch nahi kar sakta
User 2: yep i know that . just accepting my fate now
User 1: you will either come out of this with a relationship that will be at its strongest or accept and move-on(if the worst happens) .
User 2: yep know that
User 1: exactly
User 2: it s fine lets see how this rolls
User 1: ek message likh dhang se samjha how much she means to you(dont get too emotional) and clearly state kariyo that you dont mind giving her the time she wants
User 2: did that
User 1: and then just wait . good man . im here for you man . no matter what happens . keep me in the loop
User 2: yep . i'll try my best to handle it lets see . i think she officially broke up . she's like i don't feel the same way anymore . she still can't get over how i treated pranjal . she doesn't like the fact that she has to take my permission for stuff . which she doesnt . shes like her not telling me what she's doing every minute of everyday made her feel good . she said she doesn't like to share stuff anymore . she doesn't want to go the same masters college as me . she hates ldr . but as they all say, . idk what's going to happen man
User 1: damn . im sorry man . idk man . dont think you can do anything . dont think you should do anything right now . wait for manipal when you get to meet her . either youll get closure or you might get back but abhi rehne do kuch bhi if you can . im really sorry man .
User 2: thanks i'll do that only . fucking girls man . dikshita gussa kare . ab tu gussa kare . life hi sad hai
User 1: kesa hai be . how you holding up ?
User 2: sup . been going to out a lot and keeping myself distracted . agar we even start dating then after manipal long distance ka phirse problem hoga . let's see where life takes after this . kya hi bolu
User 1: true . go out . bombay tinder . khula saand hai tu ab
User 2: i'm not moving on
User 1: hmm . disha janardan and nikita sarwagi got ppo from microsoft i thinks . 
User 2: many more . divya from my class didn't get . shocker
User 1: damn
User 2: teri ananya ko bhi mila . and anushka as well
User 1: kitna package mila hoga ? . 
User 2: 40ish was last year
User 1: hmm
User 2: bhai yaar life hi jhand hai . i'm fed up of everything man
User 1: kya hua . 
User 2: parents bhi nahi chode
User 1: main mast sharab peene aaya hoon
User 2: accha chal phir bt nahi deta . pee aramse . bhai
User 1: whats up
User 2: suit ka bata
User 1: two suit leke aa rha hoon . ek normal for interviews and shit . dusra for farewell and nashe wali parties . tu kya soch rha hai ?
User 2: just normal shirt and tie for this . but except that dikshita said there are two events so like need two suits . basically for everything except the interview you just have one suit na . how's my dp wala suit . i want to stand out thoda so red :p
User 1: achaa . dp wala suit theek hai . hot lagega
User 2: bhai sach mai . need to get laid in that suit . dikshita hui toh best . nahi toh coughs
User 1: hahaha . nahi ho ? . toh . bta de naam . i know you have someone in mindd . 
User 2: relax boi
User 1: irritate kar rha hia yeh mujhe . im fucking covering everyone right now but iska attitude hi khatam nahi ho rha 
User 2: say that on the group . don't show anger . you waiting ?
User 1: since 96 for you bitch .
User 2: kitna kiya competition ka . bc abhi just submit kiya competition ka . score 0 .815 aaya . rank eight hundred and fifteen lol rip . chill hai good practice . break mai mil
User 1: my class start from 10:30 baba . ghar pe hoon
User 2: jaldi aiyo . kya karunga mai bc
User 1: bc main classes miss karne ka soch rha tha aaj . first day stupid stuff
User 2: you'll be missing a lot due to interviews so just attend
User 1: aaj first and last day hai bro
User 2: like every semester . bhai . divya ko bhi naukri mil gayi . 14lpa
User 1: ma ki ankur . aankh . le le jaan meri
User 2: same bro same
User 1: bro i have to give you 1,200 na . arav tujhe rs .1,050 de dega . ill give you one hundred and fifty cash . cool ?
User 2: what did we do last nightb
User 1: hook up . kya hua ? . blackout hogya kya
User 2: yes sir
User 1: good man . you needed it
User 2: aaja pragati . don't be so hard uptight kind . they are here it's enough you relax . bro
User 1: whats uppo ?
User 2: lol gm
User 1: i passed out . 
User 2: we took pics dw
User 1: i dont remember balcony ke secene baad . i blacked out yesterday man
User 2: that was the last . after that you slept
User 1: fuck
User 2: needed 
User 1: show me show me show me . what did you do ! did you fuck up ?
User 2: bhai while dropping sahoo back she basically said she doesn't mind hooking up and my drunk ass was too stupid to understand . naman
User 1: incest . incesst . you stupid fuck . i woke up at 10:15ish
User 2: i need to fuck my way out .  same
User 1: fir yaad aaya ki fuckk college bhi toh jana hota hai
User 2: bhai hak diya full day 
User 1: hahah . same kapde and yeh pehen ke college aagaya . abhi bhand hoon shayad . 
User 2:  . ab hod ke lecture ke liye jauga
User 1: beautiful . academic calendar bhej
User 2: got tanvis message ?
User 1: yes
User 2: bt
User 1: ikr . reply kya kara aapne ?
User 2: bc interviews bhi nahi tab . i texted you first 
User 1:  . i havent replied yet . bta na bc
User 2: abbe chale jayege thodi der . rucha ya koi architecture ka pata hoga
User 1: reply kya kiya
User 2: rucha is going . toh chale jayege
User 2: dekh lege bhai ko koi milti hai . be like haha yeah we'll be there . i'll
User 1: hmm okay
User 2: everytime i meet dikshita she just gets more pissed . so her mom read her sisters and my chat and then the sister deleted it . so dikshita asked to read from my phone . and i think her anger increase 1 .2x
User 1: hahahah
User 2: and then she asked me if i wanted to have dinner . so idk what's happening . i need a sahoo 
User 1: noi . no . no no . no no no . noo
User 2: kya hi bolu . but why is everyone so against it btw ?
User 1: i am very confused . chahti kya hai yeh bandi tujhse ?
User 2: me too brother
User 1: are you going to meet her then ?
User 2: nothing really . she just wants us to be friends in the long term afaik
User 1: dekhle jain . this chick is your kryptonite
User 2: idk
User 1: either date her or just cut it off . you cant be friends with her because any thing that happens in her life (if she dateshooks up with anyone) and you both talk as friends . it will affect you like a fucking missile strike . go meet her tonight . lay it all out on the table and clear everything out . maybe then youll have a better understanding of whats going on . tell her that you know you fucked up and you know where, how and when you fucked up . second chance type bol, and that youre ready to take this slow in the beginning . the rest is all upto you and how she reacts to this .
User 2: so i'm back . and didn't do anything of such sort . very surprisingly we spoke about almost everything except getting back together . kafi roi woh . she said she's too lonely in manipal and class mai pranjal toh baat nahi kar raha air kshitij ke saath bhi khaas nahi chal raha . and how yesterday she just didn't leave the block and was alone in her room for the longest time . reason i didn't say anything about getting back together cos slow and steady
User 1: yes boy . sahi kara . then make plans and dont let her be lonely but slow and steady boi .
User 2: she said absolute no to drinking with me loll . pata hai karlegi
User 1: hahahahaha . my boy gots game . good stuff . she scared shell fall back in love with you .
User 2: yeah and need to make her believe that even if it happens it will be better
User 1: saho ka underboob dekhna band kar chutiye . love it . get that a game out now !
User 2:  bhai woh dikhai kya bolu . with which one  . you in ab5 right
User 1: just woke up . classes nahi thi aaj . whats up ?
User 2: break mai sutta phookna tha aur kya
User 1: gandu
User 2: nikla ? . where you at
User 1: waiting for auto . pleasee tell me you bought ultra mild ka pack . i have cash . ill give it to you at hastag
User 2: got . aa bc
User 1: where are you butch . bitch . jain jain pleasse remind me tomorrow to give you three hundred for the ciggs
User 2: 600 then  . bro it's official . like dikshita and i are definitely over . aaj wo clearly samjhai . she really doesn't want to date me . friends that also down the line . and that's not going change for sure . so that's that
User 1: damn . how you holding up bro ? . clearly samjhai ? long walk, intense talk kinda day ?
User 2: lunch par . i've accepted it but obviously not moved in . she's already moved on
User 1: already !
User 2: she said it and i could really make out from get body language that it really want hard for her
User 1: thats fucking messed up
User 2: she has been since march so . only reason she continued was because i broke my hand
User 1: i wish i had told you this in april because when you broke your hand i had told arav that esa esa hoga and  bilkul wahi hua . koi nahi bhai . i know it will be bloody hard but sirf placements pe focus karo . and get placed with a crazy fucking ass ctc package . jalke raakh ho jaegi dikshita
User 2: must do . are you going for reval
User 1: abhi dekh rha hoon
User 2: is it strict there or can i come there just like that . tell me if you're going to go it in the break
User 1: very strict
User 2: hogaya ?
User 1: apne dept ke papers dekh liye hai . ab o .e wale papers dekhne ja rha hoon
User 2: chal chill hai . did you tez dad
User 1: number btao . tabhi kar paunga na
User 2: abbe vidit ko hi bhej de
User 1: okay .
User 2: i don't like that full stop . mind your language :p
User 1: hahahaha . also bhai, the two thousand, one hundred paid . 1 . ishaan . all seven of us will split it . three hundred each
User 2: bhai tu tere ghar ka one thousand bhijwade . arav gave
User 1: okay .
User 2: six and seven not happening . and tere autocorrect ki maa ka
User 1: three hundred tez kara pehle that is for cigs . six hundred (300 mera, three hundred ishaan ka)
User 2: theek achintya ko bol jab aaye toh dede . no hurry
User 1: achintya ke pass nahi hai abhi . fifty hi hai account main uske . haanji
User 2: bkl text ko . bahut gali dene ka man hai three saal se . soche toh hum bhi hai
User 1: kisko text karu ? . kisko gaali dena hai aapko ?
User 2: dikshita . ki
User 1: she texted you ? . kya bola usne ?
User 2: hello jenit . bheek de rahi hai bc . aukad kya hai
User 1: dont fucking reply
User 2: chutiyo ke peeche bhagti hai
User 1: seen pe chodh
User 2: didnt
User 1: blue ticks ke saath . good man .
User 2:  . must try and learn
User 1: shell get fed up of pranjal and kshitij because she has been used to your company for so long . and jab tu reply nahi karega uske texts ka, shell get irritated . and then youll hold good cards in this game of poker you both are playing . read receipt on kar and blue ticks pe chodh bc . usko pta hona chaheye ki tu dekh chuka hai uska text and dont give a fuck
User 2: honestly saying i have given up
User 1: lonely hogi voh and comfort ke liye aapke pass aaegi . or
User 2: toh kuch karna hi nahi . honestly my time is valuable for a person treating me like that
User 1: beautiful . emotionally detach ho rha hai tu toh you can think clearly now
User 2: nahi chaiye bc
User 1: exactly
User 2: don't want to do anything related to her . aaj bhai 1k pictures delete kiye
User 1: thank the gods for this . my boy is back from the dead .
User 2: have to bc placements aagayi
User 1: hahaha . end game bruh . placements matter . she doesnt
User 2: not yet but yeah trying . like batman to make that jump to get ouuta the hole .  . usko milke uski cheeze deni thi . pucha nahi aur bolti hai the condition with her classmates can't be better than this because it's that good . bc three saal ki relationship and woh dosti jo itni jaldi tut ke ban jaye . chutiyo ko difference pata nahi chalta
User 1:  . ab zyada ho rha hai iska . tujhe dikhana chahti hai tha she is happy but why do i get a feeling ki yeh khud ko force kar rhi hai to be happy . idk . tu bas apne placement pe dhyaan de
User 2: lanthai karte khali khaki
User 1: hahahahaha . jai shrii krishna
User 2: who all are giving gs
User 1: ishaan and achintya
User 2: tell them not to forward anyone
User 1: okay . what is all this ?
User 2: these were the questions in all colleges in mumbai . same for everyone . and it was today
User 1: hahaha fuckk . i will tell them
User 2: ghar hai na ?
User 1: all the best bitch . hahahaha
User 2: interviews started fuck . gand phati padi hai . fever bhi hai
User 1: take a deep breath bhai . stud aadmi hai tu . this is not the only option, mazze main jaakar de interview . uske baad jo hoga dekha jaega
User 2: yass . kind of haga . normally they ask lot of questions from cv but since my cv has so much python he kinda was disinterested
User 1: wtf
User 2: some people were asked to leave so shayad aage jaa raha hu . let's see
User 1: good stuff . hoga tera
User 2: inshallah . chal next round ke liye qualify
User 1: aag laga rha hai jain . bring it home man
User 2: bhai second technical mai jo gand mari hai
User 1: kya kyaa poocha ?
User 2: chod ya too sad . plus it was a chick toh matlab connection hi nahi tha . first wala lafka tha sab samaj as raha tha usko
User 1: hahah . koi nahi . tera cv impressive hai kaafi
User 2: not for their profile na
User 1: shayad uski wajh se clear karde yeh round
User 2: na man still 25ish people left
User 1: but bhai your cv ka matlab hai ki youre knowledgable enough to learn and adapt
User 2: dekhte hai . bt
User 1: damn
User 2: aakar bolde mereliye
User 1: haha cominggft . beer bhi launga . saath main cheers karenge
User 2: bhai tinder match mili . what to do . i'm panicking . argg
User 1: hahah . what what . tere saath placement de rhi hai ? . say hi . what a coincidence . and dont just layout everything like an open book
User 2: nono just got a match
User 1: screenshot bhej . and apne profile ki photo ben . bhej . she is cute . and pretty frank bio . 
User 2: plis god plis . bio bata
User 1: 4th year mit . or or . to glam to give a dam . 
User 2: reverse psychology nice . got out in the last round . bt
User 1: fuck man . hard luck
User 2: chill hai . good experience
User 1: ghar aaja
User 2: i'm coming to take the art of not giving a fuck
User 1: okay . yesterdays bill was 1700 . you paid 1000, ishaan paid 400, i paid 300 . this split bw six people(you, me, ishaan, arav, pulin, achintya) is two hundred and eighty-three each . tell arav to give you 283 . achintya will give you 283 . total five hundred and eighty-three tez kar rha hai arav ko, usse le liyo tu . three hundred he owed you from last week and two hundred and eighty-three from last night . cool ? . also, pulin ka one hundred and eighty jo tha voh ishaan ne arav ko bhej diya hai . le lena usse
User 2: i'll just take any money i'll get 
User 1: lodu . you got all the money back . two hundred and eighty per person kal raat ka
User 2: yes yes arav explained
User 1: apne one thousand diya, 1000-280(your share)  seven hundred and twenty
User 2: achintya ka last week ka
User 1: and you got seven hundred and forty back
User 2: and then arav will send you three hundred and eighty for the fireball right  ?
User 1: ho gya voh . bhej diya usne
User 2: cool cool
User 1: good night man . got pissed drunk but yeh . i drunk called sonakshi . talked for 1 .5 hours . i dont even remember what i said but it turns out she likes me even more now . so its all god
User 2: damn son . pyar hai yeh toh . you up ? . come home after class . important
User 1: ab aagaya main . pragati ke neeche hoon
User 2: ghar paucha ?
User 1: haan . kya scene hai ?
User 2: i'm at mlh coming
User 1: tell me when vidit moves out . i want to move back back in
User 2: why
User 1: let me known . know8 . know
User 2: kaha hai
User 1: room
User 2: please don't pass out . aaj labi rat hogi . and i n3ed your presence
User 1: kya scene hai ? . i need to get out of this houses . house
User 2: tinder date  ? . tel us what the scene is we'll do shit accordingly . okay so i was blacked out last night . and don't remember this conversation . so what's up ?
User 1: hagg rha hoon
User 2: lel
User 1: kuch nahi . all good
User 2: chutiye bhandi ho baas
User 1: both of us boi . both of us . amen to that
User 2: haan bhai . i pissed off vidit . sahoo ko bhand hoke zyada boldiya . woh jake mahima ko boldi . i think it has been handled
User 1: vidit be sahoo ko kuch bola ?
User 2: hes definitely not getting dinner back for me . i told something about vidit to sahoo
User 1: what dinner ? . ahahaha . lodu
User 2: abbe woh leke aane wala tha
User 1: what did you say ?
User 2: man i told her the dikshita thing too . dont remember shit
User 1: hahah
User 2: but eh good break up party
User 1: naman told me tera end main katta . pulin tagged along as third wheel when you wanted to drop her off
User 2: yeah i dont know what the fuck that was . i thought that even he was leaving . bc mere saath chalke pphir se ria ke ghar tak aaya . mkl . finally i was drunk enough to even try on saho . bt . also whats your dating ka scene
User 1: hahahah kafi bt . dont know . dont feel like dating anyone today . kal sudden burst of emotion the
User 2: wait so neither one of yall asked anyone out official right ?
User 1: yeah . ill keep it that way . dont want no tag . nahi hoga mujhse yeh sab
User 2: bahut buddha hogaya hai sudhar ja
User 1: chup reh gandu
User 2: you only regret the chances you don't take . you deleted this message . mu sigma ke liye jayega ?
User 1: i cant . gpa problem
User 2: abbe . the talk is compulsory for everyone in cs cce it . chutiyap . even if you don't want to sit for placement . prolly because the ceo is coming so they want to lick his ass by showing how "important" he is . although you can say sense of cheating has gone so far up your arse that everyone can see it when you yawn . i have such beautiful friends
User 1:  . good luck man . youre making some enemies today for sure
User 2: your class is only 1-2 ?
User 1: yeah
User 2: be ready to come to ab5 jhagada hua toh . just be ready . arghh . 1st year true love se chalu karke aaj gand marni hai . no regrats
User 1:  . audio rec bhejna
User 2: i'll remove the bs from the start and send
User 1: hmm ok
User 2: hey . i'm so happy
User 1: hahah
User 2: also tell ishaan that things went exactly as i imagined and i was right
User 1: im happy for you man . cool cool . recording toh bhej
User 2: bhai kafi chudi hai too much background voice
User 1: fuckk man . tune toh sunna diya bandi . ko . fuck . god stuff . cheating piece of shit
User 2: you heard using earphones ? . listen to the sense of cheating part . and cock polisher part . how to tell mom that i'm happy af because the girl that she really liked cheated on me 
User 1: itna clear nahi tha woh part . dont tell your mom that man . itll break her heart
User 2: ya man
User 1: then the next chick you get close to, auntie will be apprehensive in showing her love to your chick
User 2: so i was like one thing i regret from this is that my mom spoke to a cock polisher . true
User 1: yeah .fuck it . move on . dude agrim and ashvijay from my class got placed
User 2: where
User 1: deloitte
User 2: bc . arusha ka  toh kata
User 1: kyun ?
User 2: deloitte
User 1: lol
User 2: piyega ?
User 1: kal subh paper due hai . khatam hogya time se toh chalte hai . varna kal hi
User 2: vaibhav, you got samsung . sahil . v pai . shreyas . dynell . parv . vishwa congrats ! . bc itno ko mila meri class mai
User 1:  . koi nahi . apna time bhi aaega . aacha hai sab phatta phat nikal rhe hai
User 2: true that . bhai quantiphi mai mil jaye . too sort . mumbai  ml . package bhi theek hai
User 1: bhosdike mumbai se nikal . twenty saal reh chuka hai vahan
User 2: man two weddings and moms big function and moms 50th birthday . thats only till march btw . but yeah idm a new city . chalo blore ya hyderabad
User 1: oh so you want a job in mumbai so that you can attend these functions . wow . ajeeb chutiya hai . life main kuch na kuch chutiyaap function laga rahe ga bro . but yeh sab baad ki baat hai . pehle job toh mille
User 2: inshallah . abbe two first cousins ki shaddhi hai . bhai ishaan achintya se total three hundred bhejwade plis . breakup party wale din ka  . itni gareebi . 7th bc 
User 1: passed out hai dono . subh bolta hoon
User 2: chill hai . sahoo ladki dilne pai tuli hai . kaun bataye woh hi hai list par 
User 1:  . tu hi btadena . sapna thodi aaega usse
User 2: bhai gand phatti hai . been too long since i made "the first move" . i miss sex
User 2: wifi ka password kya tha four hundred and five ka
User 1: dontusemydata . i think, try kar
User 2: college mai hai ?
User 1: just woke up . sirf ek class thi aai 8-9 . bc miss hogayi . kill me . kill me now please
User 2: assignment hua tha  . tera
User 1: i know . bc five marks gaye internals ke . fuckity fuckity fuckk fuckk
User 2: nothing new so 
User 1: i need strength man . i wanna end it with sonakshi . nahi samjh aarha kese bolo
User 2: ehy
User 1: im bored now . and shes not hot . i just like the attention i get man . i think this is the first time in my life i havent hooked up with someone i have been talking for so long . feels weird . this is not me . this is not what i do .
User 2: wait what base you on ? ! . with her
User 1: half base . not even first
User 2: wtf .  .
User 1: she always wants to make out
User 2: this ain't you nibba
User 1: i know rightt
User 2: don't dikshita her man
User 1: i want to end it but i really like the attention . haha wtf does that man bruh ?
User 2: so i'm making this rule . bol you need to sit down and buckle up for placements and last sem and can't fuck it up blah blah
User 1: hahahaha gots it . hmm but then the attention will stop and i wouldve shut out mcods people from my life
User 2: pragathi bhi mcods ki hai . ek dost tu lena aur ek mai . coming in fifteen
User 1: dont come today
User 2: behenchod peena tha na tuje . bhosdike . batameezi . are you having sex rn ? . call me asap . i'm at froth on top . where the fuck are you . pick me up asap ya . i'm kinda getting bored her . here . arghh . where the fuck are youu . so what drama happened . kya behen ki laudi hai . bhai kaise jhel diya three saal tak 
User 1: facebook messenger dekh
User 2: we are coming by eight
User 1: aajao yaar . inn sabne ne pre-game karna start kardiya hai
User 2: cool . we back
User 1: good man . you took one of my slippers . what a cunt
User 2: remember how i lost one slipper at deetee . perfectly balanced as all things should be . bro
User 1: whats up ?
User 2: in a room with all three of your girls . love this vibe
User 1: hahahahah fuck off bitch
User 2: kya scene tera .  ! ?
User 1: yeah i saw that . kya mast dharambrhasht kar rha hai tu abhi . just woke up . trying to make sense of last night in my head
User 2: yeah man whyd you get pissed at us
User 1: i didnt get pissed at you . i got pissed at arav . chut started fighting again in my house over pav bhaji . and then wouldnt leave without you even after i told him to fuck off-he have had enough alcohol for one night . thats why i had to tell you to leave as well . samjh hi nahi aa rha tha usko
User 2: man we need to sit him down and talk him the fuck down because everytime he drinks he pisses a lot of people off . uski mom ke scene je baad samaj nahi aata usko . like he should himself be considerate bolbol ke thak gaye bc
User 1: gaand marae . sun . vidit ko bol six hundred and sixty tez karde mujhe . three hundred and thirty tera and three hundred and thirty uska, kal raat ka sharab ka paisa . splitwise settle kardunga fir
User 2: can you ask ishaan achintya to pay my part for the  at ruchas place
User 1: baat karke btata hoon
User 2: yep otherwise tell me i'll tell him to send . what do you think about vidits conversation about the 40k
User 1: okay . meri chappal de yaar
User 2:  . milkar
User 1: the house is fucking dirty and i have to walk around in one shoe and one slipper . load of bs
User 1: but ill still give him time
User 2: not like you have any option  . lol
User 1: ill ask again for my money in 3-4 days .  . bhai vidit ko ho bolde tez karne ke liye . these guys are like that we went to ruchas place very late and got 2-3 shot only . they dont want to pay three hundred bucks for that . idk
User 2: cool
User 1: chappal de de yaar . 
User 2: i forgot 
User 1: fucking cunt
User 2: class till 1230 ?
User 1: yeah
User 2: second half ?
User 1: full day
User 2: bt bc . lab ke baad aaja ghar
User 1: apni chappal lene main pragati tak aaun
User 2: chill karne aa
User 1: kya haramkhor aadmi hai
User 2: take your chappal when you leavr . 
User 1: fuck off you bitch . four hundred and five aint your home anymore
User 2: rent dede mera . not my fault that you chose your new love life over your bro love life . ily na
User 2: so what happened after i cried . and what was i crying about . are you gonna go to campus again ?
User 1: nahi . kya hua ?
User 2: abbe placement portal ka kaam
User 2: madarchid so sokar nar jayega . tinder wali is at deetee and is calling me and priyanka ain't hooking up
User 1: hahah . go to deetee . tell priyanka for a raincheck . also wtf am i going to do if your tinder only wants you there chut
User 2: idk tbh . bhai kal subah i have to reach for interviews
User 1: how did it go last night ?
User 2:  nahi mila . sirf ghanto tak baat chali . and deetee wali ladki puchti rahi kaha hai aaja . wrong decisions . bc quantiphi mai i got shortlisted for ml profile . and only seven people are there man for this 
User 1: sahoo se or tinder wali se ?
User 2: i'm tanking . sahoo be . didn't meet tinder
User 1:  . kyun nahi gya tu chutiye . ajeeb lodu hai, bechari bulae ja rhi thi tujhe . aur tu sahoo ke peeche pada tha
User 2: sharab fucjs ups decisions .
User 1: chill maddi
User 2: divya walked me back when we both were too fucked to walk till the auto stand . i can't fucking stay in mumbai . and i can't get such less packages
User 1: then tank it . but dhang se interview kharab karna . pta chale you wanted to tank the interview but they still offered you a job, youll be fucked then . baat kya karli tune itni vese ?
User 2: bro from fucking six to 1am ! . i don't even know man
User 1: holy fuck . recall chut . only you and sahoo were there ? .  . tinder wali ki photo dikha
User 2: i'll text in a bit interview chalu ho rahr hai
User 1: the one who was calling you to dt again and again . sort sort . all the best . tank the fuck out of it
User 2: what do you think about gayathri ?
User 1: woah woah . love the bio but she is fucking 18 . acha hai nahi gaya
User 2: bhai yaar ek aur interview hoga . kyu
User 1: zeropaisa
User 2: man fml . they said they'll let us know in the evening . i'm hoping bro it doesn't happen
User 1: im sorry man
User 2: hat bc
User 1: gandu dikshita and pranjal ke baare main bol rha tha . not about last night, last night tu chutiya tha
User 2: kya hua . like regarding what about them . bol . abbe bc dekhar reply nahi karta
User 1: abe abhi sirf rumour hai . mujhe laga sach thi baat . that they are dating
User 2: oh . didn't know that
User 1: yeah
User 2: okay . damn
User 1: i know
User 2: damn . yeah i fucked up and texted her .
User 1: chutiya hai kya tu jenit . hadd ho gayi . you are out of her life . lodu mat bann . let her go
User 2: yes . yes . yes . yes
User 1: get a hold of yourself man . jesus
User 2: last lecture hai ? . wait who told you this . apparently pranjal announced that they are . wait how do you know he announced
User 1: nahi, kaam se bahar hoon
User 2: kitne time mai free bata toh . where the fuck are you . bc reply kar nahi toh uninvited from placement party
User 1: raat ko
User 2: bc tu phone katna band kar
User 1: kya hogya tujhe . kyun bokhlaya hua betha hai
User 2: abbe toh puri story toh bata who told you that he announced
User 1: this is the full story . now calm down your tits
User 2: who gave the rumor
User 1: doesnt matter
User 2: sahi se bata bt de raha hu tu kafi
User 1: itni hi baat hai . dimaag mat kharab kar ab . sambhal khudko . chutiya mat ban
User 2: so how about you spit it out because you started the fucking convonwith i'm sorry ma . i'm fine . i'm just thinking about revenge phase two
User 1: when i am telling you it doesnt matter then it fucking doesnt matter jenit . rumour hai . fact nahi
User 2: you don't decide that since it's not your shit . fine i accept . but . spit
User 1: i do get to decide because i someone told me and it is not your shit too . you guys are fucking done . move the fuck on
User 2: tu bata raha hai ya nahi ?
User 1: nahi
User 2: i'll see your around then
User 1: cool
User 2: bosdike ghar par aakar itne lafe marunga . sharab ke liye bhi invite nahi hoga . kya matlab
User 1: nahi aana teri party main
User 2: remember that
User 1: subh se bol chuka hoon . sambhal khudko
User 2: i fucking am . class mai thoda satka dimag but nothing more .
User 1: kisi chutiye ne mujhe rumour bola
User 2: i'm learning alright .
User 1: aur maine tujhe rumour bta diya
User 2: shouldn't have texted her fine . but ab bata be . chutiye ka naam bol . harshit you're irritating now
User 1: sidhant jain . gaand main le le naam ab . iske baad ab text mat kariyo mujhe
User 2: he only asked divya also . theek
User 1: rumour hai  . samjh kyun nahi aaya tujhe abhi tak yeh baat . mujhe pta hai usne divya se poocha tha . but tu chutiya kuch nahi seekha hai pichle six mahino main . abhi bhi lodu jese react karta hai har insignificant baat pe . tujhe naam nahi bta rha tha because i didnt fucking matter, because i know sidhant lies a lot of times and makes shit up . tabhi tujhe rumour bola tha . jab kuch bolta hoon tujhe toh samjh liya kar
User 2: like i said that night when we got drunk at pp that i'm over her but i fucking need time to process my fucking life without having that someone to talk to all the time . i'm learning new things . aise chutiyap hoge on the way . and if i find out something that's is even remotely related to that, i need to know everything about it so that i can process it and shit it out of my system . never been mature like y'all to let things go . let me make my own decisions because jitna tumlog help kar sakte the karliya isliye subah i can wake up with a fucking smile . but the other things yall can't really change it, so just help me through the process of me helping my fucking seld . and honestly this is a big fucking thing . i cant just let go, forget about it, out of sight out of mind thing . if i don't process it now thoroughly and get over it according to my comfort, i'm going to have issues like vidit has daddy issues . ab bol toh kuch
User 1: take rest man . youve had a tough morning
User 2: wah bc that's what you have left to say after knowing the full story . what time dt . bata bc
User 1: jab tera mann ho
User 2: do you want to drink for a reason or no reason ? . bol
User 1: no reason . placement . cele
User 2: not today then i have to make seminar ka report . presentation hai bt . kuch kaam se pena hai toh batayo
User 1: bt hai . life bt hai
User 2: something more serious than this then let me know :p
User 1: man . jain . i havent had a drink in six days . pretty please
User 2: abbe i'll start report . if i do enough by 8ish or later then we'll go but you'll pay
User 1: why will i pay ? . i paid that day and abhi tak paisa wapis nahi mila hai haramkhor
User 1: wrap up your report . ill see you in an hour
User 2: i literally have no money whatsoever . and like for this month, literally no money what so ever . we are going to udupi tomorrow on your bike
User 1: lol
User 2: you don't want the white penda ordered especially for you ? . i'm coming over at 1230 . maingate auto stand . which mood drunk was i yesterday ? . ladne mai kya maza ayya oho
User 1: kya decide kara aapka party ka ? . aaj hi hai na ?
User 2: idm but who all to call
User 1: how would i know . teri party hai gandu . meri nahi
User 2: sirf apan jaa rahe hai
User 1: cool
User 2: kitne baje
User 1:  .
User 2:  . roommates ko puch na bc
User 1: ot dene gaye hai . khud text kar sabko . placement party, at this place, at this time
User 2: sharab chaiye na ?
User 1: be there . ajeeb lodu aadmi hai . invite toh tu hi karega na . apni party ke liye . likh message jin jin ko bula rha hai
User 2: naman ka number de
User 1: youve to reach deetee by 7:15ish . otherwise you wont get the big tables . saturday hai aaj
User 2: cool . kaha hai
User 1: survived the night ?
User 2: barely
User 1: phone kyun kara tha ?
User 2: who knows
User 1:  . and what happened
User 2: yeah sahoo don't want it . miss you . miss you at your own place
User 1: deetee aaja
User 2: see ya . waiting in your room
User 1: mindhunter dekh bro
User 2: arav said he doesn't owe you . according to you is this fine ?
User 1: its not fine
User 2: kya tha ?
User 1: it shows that vidit owes me 8,664 .
User 2: the thing is that tera aur vidit ka ajeeb dikha raha hai
User 1: which is not true
User 2: exactly .
User 1: he owes me nine hundred and forty-seven
User 2: this is fine right ?
User 1: for the sharab, jab tu roya tha . yeah
User 2: 15th august bol bc . chal sort
User 1: mindhunter dekhna start kar bro !
User 2: first the harry ter series . bc teri mithai laya tha
User 1: ghar pe hoon be . kahan hai tu ?
User 2: i was outside your class lol
User 1: abe bc . kal class hai teri ?
User 2: bunking full tomorrow
User 1: why
User 2: cos i can beyotch
User 2: kya scene
User 1: subh shot leke passout hogya tha . abhi utha
User 1: banna kuch tu
User 2:  phuka ? 
User 1: ji
User 2: humare saath toh kabhi nahi karta
User 1: uttapam lagg rha hai
User 2: respected sir ma'am, . cover letter aisa wala banade . for internships
User 1: okay
User 2: send me kabhi khushi gam ka video link the one that we made
User 2: chal pene .  !
User 1: abhi utha . kya scene
User 2: jeet ka message aaya ?
User 1: ji . kya karna hai ?
User 2: confused . padhai toh kafi ki
User 1: and deetee pe cover bhi hoga
User 2: bhai mujhr toh tere hi ghat pina hai . divya confirmed that they are hooking up lol . mere first year ss leke jaa rahi hogi  . she asked divya if she could get home to her place and she said no . i fucking need to get laid before her argh . abbe divya asked her if she wants go to goa with them and she's like can i get pranjal also
User 1: that was fast . deetee is the way to go . jao, milo, karo
User 2: bhai agar agle sem mai banda nahi mila tab downer ayega relationship ka . and she's doing the same thing i told you im uncomfortable with . she doesn't want to change her routine toh banda badaldi . inshallah . bhai divya ke saath kab piyege aaj bhi boli this
User 1: aj . lets go
User 2: sessionals baap dega ?
User 1: tu padh rha hai kya ? . sirf four subjects ka sessional hai . lagg hi nahi rha ki hai bhi mid-terms
User 2: mere timetable aisa banaya chutiya jaisa
User 1:  . then lets go . sharab . kebab . aur hebab
User 2: monday we will start drinking directly after the paper . be ready mentally and don't sleep . yeh teri suma hai ? 
User 1: meri nahi but yeah . very slutty . and super ugly in deetee light
User 2: tera bhi toh scene tha na . yeah .  . hi bheji
User 1: finally . youll get laid
User 2: how do i get laid  ? 
User 1: bat karr . deetee ka plan bana . ya smoke up at your place . netflix and chill
User 2: tell me how to text her . she texted samnese woh toh syllabus mai hi nahi
User 1: hum tum ek kamre main band ho, aur chaabi kho jae . youre welcome .
User 2: you didn't come up with this
User 1: i just did .
User 2: accha you toh were that good that you didn't only these sensual lines
User 1: tu bhi gaya hai ?
User 2: duh
User 1: sessional nahi dena kya tumne ? . 
User 2: kal as rahe hai
User 1: gg . haramkhor ab toh sach bolde . ki sirf arav gya hai
User 2: wanted a reaction . phooka pada hu
User 1: pubg ?
User 2: byr . after second paper i'm directly coming over . aur bhai is baar jane ki ticket late karana . last sem
User 1: bimaar hoon bhot . not drinking tomorrow
User 1: kya gaand lagne wali hai iss paper main . oye hoye hoye hoye
User 2: same bro same . 4credit . sup
User 1: you ditched me again . hi . gg
User 2: wait did y'all deetee after that . also unfollow dikshita man  . season five is so fucking grand
User 1: i know right . arusha place ho gayi bc ? . 
User 2: yep
User 1: damn
User 2: ayega ?
User 1: deetee will close in twenty mins . no point now
User 2: ghar pai kya scene
User 1: everyone is sleeping . main bhi sone ja rha hoon, class at 8 .
User 2: bt bye . bc next episode kab ayega
User 1: four episodes are out . sab dekh liye ?
User 2: bahut pehle hi pel diya . such a nice day outside . lets make it better with beers . tu madar utha hua hai bc sirf reply nahi kar raha
User 1: true true . but paise nahi hai . kitni gaali deta hai tu  . ty mouth saala
User 2: you know it's true . number of fights increasing day after day
User 1: ghar jaakar sunta hoon . cant hear anything
User 2: we gon be invited for divyas placement party . five people giving it together . 100 people atleast . dik gon be there too
User 1: oh damn . when is it going to be ?
User 2: come up with a plan of how to not get me fucked there . not this week for sure . are you in class
User 1: cancelled
User 2: abe shubham ?
User 1: ghar pe hoon . both classes cancelled
User 2: virgin marega
User 1: his room is so clean . fuck
User 2: and thanks for not inviting me for poker . deetee tonight . tu paucha udhar ?
User 1: yeah . they just didnt want arav to come . jaldi aa . take an auto
User 2: bhai mai ghar pauch gaya
User 1: sad stuff
User 2: tell ria not to post your story . arav is watching
User 2: kya kya sharab hainudhar . give me a remote orgasm that i'm missing out on 
User 1: i cant do that man
User 2: how was after party
User 2: kya bc 
User 1: everyone fucking knew . except me . what the bloody tampon fuck is this shit
User 2: i mean i knew they'd hooked up . dating toh nahi bolunga . anywau . kundapura ?
User 1: not with you
User 2: just like last night's party
User 1: get arav . im super hungry . lets go
User 2:  . ?
User 1: yeah . shetty lunch . chicken ghee roast
User 2: what about ishaan achintya
User 1: not coming . or you wanna go next week . jaldi bta . ill order food then . nevermind, next week hi chal ab .
User 2: i'm in . pubg khel raha tha bhao . yesterday my total was 1230 . three hundred bucks of tetra pack wasn't opened only tere ghar hoga . toh bacha nine hundred and thirty split . so it was you me achintya arav pulin . ishaan se nahi mange na
User 1: group banna whatsapp pe . uspe daal hisaab
User 2: nahi chill hai
User 1: ishaan, achintya and anushka finishes the last three tetra
User 2: i'm adding two hundred and fifty for your share on splitwiseb
User 1: one hundred and fifty saal . daal
User 2: oh yeah entry . sort sort . how much do you have in emergency emergency money ! . nevermind . na then just get one jaeger two cabo one limon and one jim beam . yeh aagayi
User 1: blue waters or anyother place wont allow outside liquor . if you want a party there then dont buy anything from goa .
User 2: this booze is for only elites . baki sab ke kiye idhar se hi kharidni padegi
User 1: abe but party kahan kar rha hai tu ! . pragati main kar rha hai toh its fine . but bahar karna chahta hai toh mushkil hogi . but good stuff though
User 2: only us . nahi padha na ?
User 1: mahi . sharab chal rahi hai
User 2: wah . poker nahi khelna tha . theek matlab puche hi nahi . theek
User 1: sigma se sharab utha . ghar aaja . subh chale jaiyo . couch mast cozy sa hai . 
User 2: abbe gand mai daal apna formal invite . nahi pena ho agli baar toh padhne me excuses na dio
User 1: abe hadd ho gayi chutiye . gaand main le le apna yeh text . itna andr daal ki seedhe muh se nikle . pyaar se bula rha hoon . 
User 1: tum main itna zeher hai toh ab main kya karu
User 2: right that's the problem . sharab let's hu taki zeher ko mita de . but tum kya samjhogr
User 1: i miss you homie . xoxo . abhinav ghar aaya hai old monk leke . tu bhi aaja with some sharab
User 2: where ?
User 1: ghar
User 2: abhinav there ghar aaya ? . bhai
User 1: kya scene ?
User 2: bhai yaar . bt . kitna bhand hai
User 1: tu bhand hai . kahan say
User 2: true
User 1: aau
User 2: itna nahib . bhai yaar i was doing decent enough to keep anushka as a friend and thoda flirt . and parv toh bahut zyada platonic tha . bt walked on them making out . ish
User 1:  . tera fir kata
User 2: always . ganggang . apan zyada same hogaye . bt . @u . @me too tbh . also don't book december tickets . rudhran 26th november's aa raha hai . goa hoga mostly
User 1: rudhran ko mana kar . 6th december tak final hai bc . survive the night my friend . dont die
User 2: hoga . lol . sounds like a you problem . sunadiya mkl ko . chutmariki
User 1: kya sunaya ?
User 2: reply toh kar
User 1: you handled that conversation quite well . even though you were drunk . ab chodh, mat le tension faltu main .
User 2: bc ek din mai crush ko koi air chaat raha tha and then i get uninvited to the party . dik ko text kiya . thoda drama hoga . but since she ruined on of my friendships
User 1: wtf man
User 2: so listen
User 1: yeah ?
User 2: balance is required . uski ek friendship hai . woh todunga
User 1: go on
User 2: send prajal the ss . ezpz
User 1: what
User 2: send him that delhi guys ss . kafi already pel diye . guess the song . atb bby
User 1: thanks man
User 2: kya scene
User 1: no idea . abhi tak nahi hua hai mera technical . baaki sabka hogya hai
User 2: interview ?
User 1: hogya . gaand mardi . most probably nahi hoga
User 2: batana
User 1: nahi hua select
User 2: fot directly ?
User 1: naman is mostly getting placed
User 2: raat ki sharab sort
User 1: sun . abhi mat nikal . im going home . raat ka scene dekhte hai .
User 2: five na . sup
User 1: bhai nahi ho paega . na paisa hai . na himmat
User 2: what should i talk about
User 1:  . i like you . lets fuck
User 2: knock knock nahi khelna
User 1: hahah
User 2: wanna poop so badly
User 1: how was it
User 2: such a bt . we went to a club and found her friends there . so had to be around them with small cig breaks with her alone . one of her frunk friends started crying while dancing . thrice . worst of all . all her friends were hotter than her  . then she started talking about her ex . and she asked me about dikshita thrice i was like fml
User 1: oh fuck . visit and i should have come to bigshot . vidit . gonna meet her again ?
User 2:  . bhai she had make up on her eyebrows to make it look thicj
User 1: oye . blue water main andr jo room hai with huge af speakers . uski baat kariye . kariyo . jahan pe dj console and amazing lighting . not the room where jeet had his party . that area sucks
User 2: yes
User 1: yeah . rsvp
User 2: go if you want . chill by me . aur agar nahi ja raha hai toh bahut acha reply mai sunana
User 2: ghar se isme sai kya chaiye . party ke liye ready ?
User 1: 5th ko process hai bhai . might come late
User 2: i meant divyas . but which prices . process
User 1: medcords
User 2: you still want 4th ?
User 1: dekhlo bhai . 5th kar sakte ho toh karlo
User 2: bol
User 1: sharaab . lets go to edge . and crash her party
User 2: i'm an nd sankalpa
User 1: doesnt matter . you can meet me at edge in 1 . 10 . im already buzzed . lets fuck people up
User 2: tu kidhar piya
User 1: home
User 2:  . tu sach mai has raha hai chutiye ? . bc call back karle kabhi . one thousand, two hundred and thirty blue water
User 1: class main dekha . i cant . lab hai . konsa area book kar rha hai tu ?
User 2: inner
User 1: dj console wala ?
User 2: abbe enter hote hi jo samne wala hai na
User 1: bar wala area ?
User 2: yes . that only right ?
User 1: mat kar
User 2: bc
User 1: waste of money
User 2: tu bola tha inner  !
User 1: abe gandu inner wala matlab the room where there is a di console . lighting . and shit . not the bar area .
User 2: isliye bola chal tu .
User 1: jaakar pooch bluewaters pe
User 2: what exactly
User 1: btaega woh
User 2: wait there are total four areas ? one lawn, one directly after entering, one where jeets cake was cut and one ek aur andar na ? . tu andar wale ki baat kar raha hai kya ?
User 1: five areas i think . ruk ill tell ishaan to call you . usse baat kar .
User 2: mai ghar aa raha hu lab ke baad
User 1: uski aina ki parties hoti thi uss jagah pe . ishaan se pooch blue waters main aaina ki parties kiss room main hoti thi . hell explain it to you . and 12:30 jab tu jaega blue waters tab ask for that room only
User 2: activa lene aate time ishaan se sahi se baat karlunga . bro this guy said if we take the lawn and the inner thing that jeet took it will be 15k minimal bill . and if we want to book that dj place you said that will just be a 6k separate bill
User 1: 6k to rent that room . and is there a minimum amount you need to spend ?
User 2: yeah and usme nothing is included . no but then we get only the room . baki sab jagah there can be normal crowd . toh bahar beer pong wagera nahi hoga
User 1: i would say book that 6k ka room . because after getting sloshed all anyone wants to do is dance . ek baar arav, vidit se bhi baat karke confirm karle
User 2: it will become too expensive then . and without that it will become jeets party . toh edge mai baat karta hu
User 1: yeah . not a bad option . before going to edge, call naman .
User 2: baat hogayi 
User 1: sort sort xd
User 2: is hepta good ? . i'm here rn
User 1: where are you ?
User 2: ulike
User 1: coming . jaane nahi de rhi bc . tera kaam khatam hogya ?
User 2: yep . i'm at shubham . tu as raha hai ? . tell the dept starts shutting by 415 . it actually does so
User 1: bolta hoon . im waiting for the professor in charge to come . ek chutiya aurat hai jo zyada natak kar rhi hai .
User 2: bol you'll get medical . they get turned on by that
User 1: this chut aurat said shell mark me absent . i have already bunked three labs bc
User 2: u like aaja
User 1: text me when you get free .
User 2: alright
User 1: where are you
User 2: call me asap
User 1: whats up
User 2: sharab kya scene ?
User 1: you guys will have to decide . i wont be able to come today bro .
User 2: it's either so pp or your place so
User 1: in fact, i dont think i can go anywhere for a couple of days . pp
User 2: kya bola doc 
User 1: surgery
User 1: long story . baad main btata hoon
User 2: is it a cyst
User 1: yeah
User 1: bought the liquor ?
User 2: tu bc bolta hai nahi penna . phir aise messages karega
User 1: generally pooch rha tha be
User 2: bc toh regal par kar sakte hai ya nahi ? . pragati ka toh nahi ho raha
User 1: ishaan nahi haan toh bol diya tha tujhe . ishaan ne
User 2: so regal right ? . are wr fucking drinking at regal
User 1: aa toh pehle
User 2: see that's better .
User 1: pearl city main rahega toh kese chalega
User 2: i'll come badme . aaramse piyege nahi toh twelve ke pehle khatam
User 1: nahi hoga khatam koi . dont be a pussy
User 2: i'll come by 9ish chal . you booked z5678 right
User 1: yeah . abe sun . ek bandi ko tinder tune kuch message kara tha . the chick that didnt have any bio . kya tha voh message ?
User 2: how do i start a conversation without a bio ? this is not easy . itni kitni sundar mil gayi
User 1: abe you did text something . yaad karna 
User 2: this is what is text
User 1: ooh
User 2:  . ab5 . where are you
User 1: where are you ?
User 2:  . procession
User 1: hone . ill come in 10-15
User 2: abhi aa . kafi hogaya hai
User 1: bomb
User 2: sup
User 1: nothing
User 2: did they leave
User 1: no
User 2: abbe kya chutiye hai c . bt
User 1: bhand hai chutiya abhi bhi . but called for an auto . two min main nikal rhe hai
User 2: let's see . i have a flight to catch 
User 1: but still havent left .  . yeah . what . the . fuck
User 2: abbe itna bada news kya hai . bhai . i'm too excited for your class party . bahut zyada lit hoti hai .
User 1:  . did you finally loose your virginity or not ! . btaya hi nahi tune kya hua after party main bc
User 2: abbe sab chude pade the . aur meko puri raat chadi hi nahi . one of those nights . bhai shooting stars ko dekhar trip kar rahe the sab
User 1: excuses
User 2: anushka ke saath hi tha pura time but nothing happened
User 1: hard luck man . dont worry . wait for your suhaagraat . you shall get luck then . xd . you heard about aravs night ? . this chut needs an intervention man .
User 2: man i'm not drinking with that dude . kitni base bola hai usko
User 1: apni alcohol ki list bta na . teri party main jo thi
User 2: tere ghar ?
User 1: abhi procession . your procession and after party
User 2: oh . aur udhar jaakar we made liit ka huge bowl toh log usme we refill karte gaye . and fruit juices . coke sprite . yeh bhi kum pada tha
User 1: kitna bottle thi ? . iski . rough idea
User 2: just 3l
User 1: okay . this liquor was for the procession or after party ? . oh wait . total tha yeh . cool cool
User 2: pre photoshoot we walked from tiwari to main gate with speakers udhar kafi piye . do this . bahut zyada schi pics ayi . in campus nahi piye during procession
User 1: acha
User 2: where are y'all planning to meet first
User 1: we havent decided yet
User 2: tiwari chat see karo pre photoshoot . photographer hire kiya ? . if not get my class one . are you even participating in the planning process
User 1: yeah man . we still have a month
User 2: 13th ko kiska hai
User 1: thats why abhi sirf big picture stuff ho rha hai . ishaan
User 2: we are going on time for procession
User 1: when are you coming back to manipal ?
User 2: saturday
User 1: bhai
User 2: boll
User 1: i don't think i will but please agr cash ki zaroorat pade toh help kardena . thoda sa . i don't know what will happen tomorrow
User 2: pragati chaleja . i have already told vidit . lele jitni zarurat ho . keep us in the loop
User 1: i'm leaving for delhi in two hours . i'll try
User 2: tension mat le . one step at a time . aaramse koi ni
User 1: i'm scared man
User 2: stay strong . for your mom and dad . zyada idhar udhar ka mat soch . just one small step at a time . college ka kuch kam ho toh batadio karlunga, tu sirf ghar sambhal thode time tak . dw it'll all be over soon enough .  we are here for you . and archit ka kya scene hai ? . jo bhi kaam ho batadena
User 1: archit ko abhi kuch nahi bola hai . kal court ke baad pta chale kya scene hai . uske baad i'll call him
User 2: aaj mumbai mai hi hu kuch bhai ka kaam ho toh boldena
User 1: ok
User 2: manipal kab aane ki soch raha hai ? . meet me in the break . 9880215606 . let us know the next task :)
User 1: yes bro
User 2: companies ka kya hua
User 1: aaj tha verzeo ka ppt  process . subh se bc vahi tha . gd clear hua . three interviews ache gaye . result kal mail karenge woh
User 2: ghar aagaya ?
User 1: haan . subh se papa ka scene nahi pta chal pa rha tha . ab woh sab dekhna hai . ttyl
User 2: chalo chill hai keep us updated bas whenever you can and i'm waiting for the beer evening . result aaya ?
User 1: nahi . it will come next week . chutiya kaat rhe hai
User 2: kaustubh se baat hui ? . happy diwali bhai 
User 1: thanks bhai . ishaan and achintya ko message likhde ek baar . fot ka
User 2: tere roommates hai bc
User 1: beer ?
User 2: sorry bro just woke up
User 1: will pictures work ? . farewell ke liye aa rha hai na ?
User 2: yes . kitne baje
User 1: eight
User 2: cu
User 1: megaphone chaheye . tumne kahan se arrange kara tha ?
User 2: i'll ask . abbe cannister koi random general store mai milega . megaphone ka abhi tak reply nahi aaya hau
User 1: haan cannister arrange hogya . megaphone ka dekhna hai
User 2: abbe humara hi tha . so should hear about it
User 1: sort sorr
User 2: you can have it for 1k
User 1: chill hai . hogya arrange ek aur . for fre
User 2: lol .  . kabhi toh kholde darwaza
User 1: tu yaha pe hai abhi ? . khula hua hai door be
User 2: not now man . we came today . afternoon i think
User 1: oh . i was passed out
User 2: ae yall used the same video guy 
User 1: kal raat ko after-party thi
User 2: kaisa gaya farewell . gaya tha ! .  ?
User 1: yeah
User 2: bc itna halka hai teko kande par bithaya 
User 1: bhot zyada sharab after a fucking long time . marte marte bacha . lost my scooty keys
User 1:  abhi wapis leke aaya scooter malpe se, key-maker to leke gaya
User 2: typical . 
User 1: kisne bithaya khande pe bc . oo . fuck
User 2: mene kaha tha na farewell wali raat intense hota hai . tell
User 1: rightt . tushar ne .  saala
User 2: gossip toh de 
User 1: haha . thaaka hua hoon bhai . baad main . abhi concall bhi hai
User 2: chal chal kar
User 1: uncle and lawyer ke saath . ttyl
User 2: tu kal delhi jaa raha hai ?
User 1: aaj nikalna tha but professors se baat nahi ho pai . kal early morning ka try kar rha hoon
User 2: abbe bc inki maa kaa . ajeeb chutiye hai
User 1: yeah man
User 2: but anyway whats the situation rn
User 1: thanks bro . how much was it for ?
User 2: 10 .4k
User 1: okay . tune pay kara ?
User 2: yes . woh chill hai, college mai kya scene hai . attendance ki baat kari ?
User 1: haan bhai . seminar bacha tha . uski ppt abhi mail kardunga . prentation aakar dunga . i'll tez 2 .4k to vidit tomorrow bro . i'll tell him to give you the 8k
User 2: abbe yeh vacation mai clear karna
User 1: security ka balance
User 2: abhi chill hai tu rakh . scamm
User 1: thanks man . but bol dunga
User 2: i dont think any is left bro . i think last time jab tu 8k liya tha tab tum equal hogaye the . but anyway you talk to him . abhi paise ki problem nahi
User 1: aakar sort karta hoon . next week . but i'll still send 2 .4k to him . usse bol diyo withdraw karke de de . baaki ka btata hoon
User 2: honestly keep the money now teko pata nahi kab chaiye rehga . chal cool . accha vidit se baat kari . yeh hi karega woh . tu paise rakh ab baas chup chaap
User 1: scooty ki keys bookshelf pe hai . scooty number 2110 . white color honda activa . thokna mat and helmet pehnna hamesha gandu :p
User 2: thank you so much :') . ladkiya ghumaunga
User 1: call kar . ask him agr friday ko return flight prepone karate hai . toh how much would it cost . and agr return 13th ki cancel karvata hoon toh uska paisa . sama hoon manipal aakar scene
User 2: arre you basically want to come here on friday in the cheapest possible way na
User 1: sort of . get an estimate please . for both . confirm karke shaam tak btata hoon
User 2: cancellation and new ticket charges na ?
User 1: haanji . bhai . process hai friday . kal raat hi aana padega .  . abhi mail aaya . fuck
User 2: kal ki book karvau ?
User 1: late night tomorrow . mujhe pura hissaab bta . cash leke aaunga utja
User 2: bro 9k
User 1: 9k after cancelation bro ?
User 2: sirf 1 .5k aaya refund
User 1: okay . kya hi bolu ab . scooty aaj ghar pe chodh diyo yaad se . shaam ko aara hoon
User 2: "tu toh theek hai na ?"
User 1: ab aadat ho gayi hai tujhe . ttyl . going to meet dad
User 2: chal
User 1: scooty chodh dena aaj bhai, kal subha process hai
User 2: yeah yeah vidit ko boldiya hai
User 1: chaheye hogi
User 2: yep
User 1: thanks . ew
User 2: tbt . bc tu aur arusha abhi bhi aise hi dikhte ho  . shreeya has gotten fatter if that was possible . bhai .  . finally negative streak over
User 1: hahah . finally . gg son . aa rha hai ?
User 2: where are you . it's literally on the top . padhiliya na five minute mai
User 1:  . chill kar
User 2: bhand utha hu and didn't only  house of representatives did it
User 1: you're not on trail
User 2: nahi br . it's not cool . whatever i shared on insta also wasn't exactly very wrong . yeah i realised i didn't know much about caa
User 1: i don't know what you shared on insta man
User 2: par kaisa aadmi hai vidit . kitni negativity . sunata rehga . he just needs a motive
User 1: even i don't know jack shit about caa and what is happening in india
User 2: chutiya hu kya
User 1: i have had no time . abee
User 2: na bro
User 1: kyun load le rha hai
User 2: i've had a good second half of the year and i don't need this bs
User 1: let vidit be vidit . what bs ?
User 2: bro apan ache hai isliye kuch bokte nahi . meko gossip me liye arav ki chat bhejta hai . abbe sunne ke liye behtha hu kya . tu literally next line mai samjha diya scenario . yeh sab bheja ya bola kya mai group par gand marne ke liye . i don't want to do anything negativen . aur isko bolne se phursat nahi milti . hat bc . i'm not spending my time like this
User 1: acha go walk it off . smoke a cig . padhna de abhi . kal paper hai
User 2: my lungs are screaming after last night
User 1: vidit pe zyada dhyaan mat diya kar
User 2: atb . arusha ko wish karlio :p
User 1: kyun ? . ab kahan place ho gayi kamini
User 2: birthday hai bhai . snap bhejithii . 
User 1: oh . hahahah dekha abhi . kardiya wish . what did you mean "you didn't teach her enough ?" 
User 2:  ? . snap mai ?
User 1: yeah . tune bheja mujhe
User 2: no idea bhai kafi sharab thi . 
User 1: bhandi chodu . ja jaakar glucon-d pii
User 2: tu padh chal chal . yeah need it nevermind . harshit . read the group when you get time . you'll be happier than the time i got caught
User 1: holy motherfuckimg bon marley shit . aunty smokes up
User 1: dude i just landed at mangalore . and when i read your texts i start laughing my ass off in the aircraft .  jo  judge hua hoon abhi main bc . but fuckk . your wake and bake scenes are going to be next level now . 
User 2: free hai ? . it's not urgent
User 1: why . you have a tatti net connection . disappointed . haan . arav me saath hoon . kar video call . shakal toh dekh lu teri
User 2: bro mein windshield dekha
User 1: tera net kaafi weak yai
User 2: ek crack hai bc
User 1: hahahahah . whose car is it ?
User 2: friend . fuck
User 1: naaicee
User 2: a6 audi bc
User 1: 60-80k ka kharcha . minium . gg . usko boliyo mat tune kara
User 2: tell me how bad it is
User 1: photo bhej . meri car ke windshield pe bhi crack pada tha . dad thought kuch nahi hoga but it started getting bigger apne aap . abe . this is nothing . chull . chill
User 2: oh bhai . i hope it doesn't come up . i'm not close to that dude :p
User 1: q5 hai na,  it got so big ki new windshield lagwani padi . mujhe laga tera bhi same scene higa . but tu bach gayi
User 2: chup kar chal abhi
User 1: hahah run . don't let me see you near the car
User 2: yeah duh
User 1: you had a good night last night . i'm so proud
User 2: bro it's going to take weeks to know what happened . arav sunna ? . don't tell on four hundred and five
User 1: cool cool . don't know . bahar chala gaya tha
User 2: usko bhi mat bol phir . group par kya jhagad rahe hai . like about whag
User 1: don't know . arav vidit ladd rhe hai . padhna padega
User 2: puch bc . udhar hi bai
User 1: bhot mehnat hai . gist hai ki . arav is angry ki vidit hamesha wants to be correct . and kabhi galti nahi maanta
User 2: i told vidit the same thing like same jhagada hua last week . suddenly kya jhagada hua bc
User 1: karta goon call shaamko
User 2: cool . when are you going to bangalore . bol
User 1: tomorrow
User 2: where you staying
User 1: i'm in manipal right now
User 2: oh reval ? . bangalore mai chutiye
User 1: i'll call in the eceni g . evening . wtf . phone kat dega ab tu . itna bada hogya bc
User 2: let's meet noo . what about your training period
User 1: already happened here . last week . from tomorrow my on job training will start
User 2: in delhi ? . so practically not coming to bangalore anytime soon ?
User 1: yeah . exactly . so kormangala 8:30 . be tbere
User 2: col
User 1: ghar pahonch gaya bhandi ?
User 2: ha bc . wish vidit
User 1: oh fuck . okaya
