User 1: live location shared
User 2: ouch . that post hurt . f
User 1: mai toh three saal tak tha living that post . i'm a fine . she was a good fuck :) . worth every bit of pain 
User 2: what was her reason to breakup ? 
User 1: the threatening and the possessiveness . the first made me happy and she proved me right for the second one so eh i won the breakup :p
User 2: mast hai . won the breakup
User 1: it is an important thing bro :p . plus ego issues
User 2: oh yes . no guilt  . and giving her the guilt 
User 1: bro i recorded me confronting her on my watch 
User 2: watch ?
User 1: s3 gear :p
User 2: audio ?
User 1: yaas
User 2: agli baar high hokay sunenge (if you don't mind)
User 1: ended it with my only regret is that my mom had to meet a cock polisher like you . inininin
User 2: oh fuck . mom ko kya bola . guess she knew teri girlfriend thi .
User 1: oh my parents have met her multiple times as my girlfriend . bhai kya gift layi thi uske liye  . gucci and shit . kat gaya thoda lol
User 2: so did you tell em why you broke up ? . you got gucci stuff for her . son of a bitch . date me . i'll polish your cock with gloves . nohomo
User 1:  . tere jaise chaiye ho to kamatipura na jao ? saste mai hojayega . yeah man she really should have returned few gifts
User 2: jkjk
User 1: bahut zyada leli 
User 2: ouch . breakup stories are 100x entertaining than "love" stories
User 1: bro
User 2: babe
User 1: khubeb puche toh . you don't know my reddit name
User 2: lmao . cool
User 1: like if it ever comes up kinda thing
User 2: even i don't remember
User 1: tu phirse dhund lega mc
User 2: oh lol .  . bro you dating that chick ? . kya scene hai . i wanted say, "you must be dikshita"
User 1: you should have we three would have laughed together . haha yeah . i'm hooking up with her bestie . lol
User 2: is that her bestie ? . dayum
User 1: nono we both hate dikshita . lil
User 2: toh kaun thi ?
User 1: she's just a classmate
User 2: hm . also bhai don't forget . we have to listen to recording
User 1: rukhja bahut dikkate hai abhi . mom just walked into the room with strains in her hand and casually asked me what's up . more details when i find out . rip
User 2: oh fuck . shit . best of luck . thoughts and prayers with you rn .
User 1: honestly need someone to pray
User 2: update ? . how bad ?
User 1: asked maaz to pick me up and got the fuck out of the house
User 2: bwahahahaha . he wanted strains ! . lmao . pick me up . we'll smoke
User 1: tu aaja idhar . we just have one activa
User 2: okie . it just hit
User 1: wtf . hahahahah . nice
User 2: laughed five mins straight
User 1: at what bc
User 2: hussain cracked a joke
User 1: hahahah
User 2: hole in the circle of a donut he shouted
User 1: how high are you
User 2: from the movie . rising . now
User 1: honestly same
User 2: lmao . kya scene ? . off or maybe on ?
User 1: humaid won't go without monil . so off only but let someone specify it on the group
User 2: ok . humaid isn't answering ugh . ugh mai subah se excited tha . sleep in lobby, divit is reaching in 10
