User 1: hey do we have oe class today ?
User 2: i'm guessing not 
User 1: gonna pray and bunk 
User 2: same 
User 1: do we have ml ? . and did you attend oe ?
User 2: no no . yes i'm in class
User 1: rip
User 2: you missed seeing that cute mtech chick bro xd
User 1: man dikshita wants to know . i have no interest in her . i'm being pressurized by her to find that chicks name
User 2: what , why tho ? thought u wanted to make dikshita jealous 
User 1: no wtf 
User 2: did u take a photocopy of divya' ai notes also ?
User 1: yes
User 2: can u get it to class tomorrow ? . i want to take a copy
User 1: can i just ask divya first  . i don't wanna be that guy who passes the notes without permission
User 2: oh sure . i would have asked her myself, but since u have a copy already, i thought it would be convenient to just take yours
User 1: cool i'll get it tomorrow
User 2: heyy . where to study affine spaces from ? . i dont really follow the notes 
User 1: dude i'm doing only the notes . i don't even know if i studied affine spaces . they'll mostly just ask theorems
User 2: i haven't started tbh  . i'll tell u when i do
User 1: what about ml ?
User 2: i did the first chapter  . and most of fourth . wbu ?
User 1: on the second . the text book is too long . gonna be a while before we're done 
User 2: fuck . i dont plan on attending class tomorrow then . i'll come for lab . is this jape's ? . i'm also studying from his notes only, i dont think my notes have any additional content 
User 1:  . rip . i'll try asking other people . i'll forward anything extra that i get
User 2: i have these bro
User 1: cant see this . don't wanna depress myself . we'll have ten mcqs or fill in the blanks tho right ?
User 2:  . yeah . even worse now
User 1: don't know about la, but we'll be in the same row for ml . please to collab
User 2:  . done . i think i'll fail both bro
User 1: dude just think about end sem ml
User 2: dude i honestly think the syllabus for sessionals is too vast . idek what this renuka is doing . i think they suddenly increased syllabus for us
User 1: i guess she wanted to keep all algos after sessional 2 . ripp
User 2: possibly
User 1: dude the 4th chapter is some andrew ng level 
User 2: is it even there in those andrew ng videos ? . he explained contouring in a v simple manner, in the coursera one atleast . point me to the videos if they relate ?
User 1: gradient descent  ? . neural networks and deep learning wala course . he's also just deriving the equations . but with explanation
User 2: yep . acha i'll check it out
User 1: how well did you understand chapter four hahah
User 2: not too well  . like i couldn't understand those figures and all, two threshold values and stuff . is there one on bayes estimator ?
User 1: nope . don't understand this either man
User 2: same bro . which of the topics has a video ?
User 1: you'll have to see . i did it a year back but it has all the basic definitions likelihood and all those . the bad one's are there too . are you coming for la tomorrow ?
User 2: acha you're sorted then . we dont have i think ? tuesdays timetable right
User 1: oh shit right . do we have ml ?
User 2: no no
User 1: i'll solve and send
User 2: cool thx . u finished ml ?
User 1: except the 5th chapter
User 2: acha . 5th is damn bad dude . tell me one thing . results like these and all, are u mugging up ? . or are u gonna solve during the paper, provided we know how to solve it correctly
User 1: i think i might solve for few . definitely not going to mug up . i don't know how to . thanks man
User 2: same :( . but i know i wont be able to solve all, probably the ones she did in class, yes . how do u fill in this table ? . like how do u know which hi 1 in the first row, second row and so on ?
User 1: hi i-1 in binary
User 2: oh yeah . got it . thanks
User 1: bro remember those three pages of maths i missed . can you send me pictures of those
User 2: is it not in jape's notes ?
User 1: do you have the entire thing ? . send me the pdf if you have thay . i have to only till one st feb . thank you !
User 2: 2
User 1: because the last row has all zeros . so not counted
User 2: the last line says . because rank2 . we can equate zy-2x  zero
User 1: because the coefficients or a and b are 0 . where's the class
User 2: oh sorry dude . didnt see
User 1: it's chill  . how was it
User 2: i'll lose a mark in mcq . and last q i just wrote the eqns . i didnt what to derive :p . wbu ?
User 1: i still don't even know which ones they even wanted . i just derived equation for sigma inverse
User 2: oh
User 1: ripp
User 2: dude . are u free ? . can u explain the last theorem on affine spaces to me ?
User 1: i'm so sorry  . dude i got rekt
User 2: aye it's ok . yeah ? . i kinda fucked up one proof . but the fill in the blanks was kinda shit
User 1: ikr . do we have maths
User 2: well yes 
User 1: you there
User 2: yes 
User 1: thank you so much . is this all i missed ?
User 2: wait this is the second class that u missed . i'm yet to send the first . also, could u send the last class that we attended ? saturday's ?
User 1: yep i'll send
User 2: first lecture . could u send the last one please ? like right away ? . there's eefm also to study 
User 1: yep . i just woke up lol . dude did you see math marks
User 2: eleven dude  . you ?
User 1: half this  . lowest sessional ever
User 2: fuckk . shit dude
User 1: man sessional two will be different . it's fine
User 2: hopefully . listen
User 1: i have a decent excuse for bad performance . tell
User 2: i cant read anything in those pictures :p . is your camera quality too bad ?
User 1: i'll send from actual camera . what's app is just bad
User 2: that's true tho . acha okay . thanks . you mean 5 .5 ? o .o
User 1: don't bring it up again 
User 2: fuck dude . i think if u had less than 5 . he would make u sign something and all
User 1: not the first time me doing that either 
User 2: yeah ?  . i too have signed . but that's cause i missed the test 
User 1: hence the drastic difference in the cgpa
User 2:  . thank youu
User 1: what's the portion for maths assignment
User 2: not too sure dudd . i'm guessing everything after first sessionals . till end of what he did
User 1: cool thanks
User 2: first assignment
User 1: i haven't even given first assignment i don't know the portion 
User 2: oh lol . umm i think it was till basis or something . ok . i think we have everything from . linear span onwards
User 1: accha alright thanks
User 2: np . yes . belongs to . you just substitute in the previous eqn
User 1: how do we get only x on the rhs ?
User 2: because here xalpha . x0 is one
User 1: dafuq
User 2: x alpha  x0 . if we take x0  1 . we get this
User 1: oh they have done like that . cool cool . thanks . ignore the call oops
User 2:  .  . come to class xp . dude . call me right away . on this no . 7019171791 . 0603, 2:39 pm priya ma'am cd: hi .there will be continuous evaluation on friday . assessment will be for simple grammar and c grammar parser .same will be applied for other batch on wednesday . portion for pcap assignment three is . could u send me ml notes from classification onwards up until regression ? . i have regression . thanks bro . thank you
User 1: dude send me the picture of the last thing we did in ml na . of the multilayer network . thanks
User 2: did u get my book ?
User 1: yes yes . i'm late because i'm getting food
User 2: haha thanks bro . dude . could u send those ai and ml notes ? . i missed classes here and there
User 1: which . do ml from text book only . ai tell which ones
User 2: the last class in ai . yeah ? ok send me the second class of neural networks
User 1: cool in a bit
User 2: sure
User 1: not coming in assignment
User 2: it's not like i've started 
User 1: dude my parents are here . too much i'm doing
User 2: ohh . too much of what ? studying ?  . where dya hide all your stash bro xd
User 1: duh . why do you think anything was remaining :p
User 2:  . done with ai and ml ? 
User 1: ml done . ai eh
User 2: same dude, it's too much . you're writing pcap ?
User 1: we have this also tomorrow ?
User 2: pakka . we dont have pcap on tuesday
User 1: oh fuck . rip . and oe ?
User 2: there isn't much . chill . oe on wednesday . we have time for that . wed morning
User 1: what's the portion
User 2: portion for pcap assignment three is
User 1: you deleted this message
User 2: thanks dude
User 1: wait i'll check and send
User 2: thanks
User 1: all the best
User 2: thanks lol 
User 1: please send the ai ml paper . how were the papers .
User 2: bro . the la paper was damn bad
User 1: i'd ask for the paper but lol . how bad
User 2: dude v v bad . like nothing came from the notes at all . every q was new apart from the theorems
User 1: do you have all the notes ? . till date ?
User 2: yeah . its complete . wtf bro  . but yeah the ml guy is too bad . jenit . get my math book to class
User 1: yepp
User 2: dude i think u have my math paper . could u send pictures ? . i'll try looking up the answers
User 1: cool . also where are you
User 2: hostel
User 1: please study . i literally don't know a single thing . not one
User 2: send da
User 1: i'm not at home . can't send . we fucked
User 2: ayyo
User 1: bro what's the portion for la
User 2: second sessional ?
User 1: yep
User 2: from linear up until . inner product spaces . but the orthonormal thing isn't there
User 1: thank you
User 2: also dude, do u have ai and ml notes ? post sessionals . i haven't attended a single class
User 1: post sessional also my hand was broken na . lol
User 2: eh
User 1: its easy only . ai is chill
User 2: u would have gotten from divya or someone . 
User 1: ml he sent slides
User 2: but i need to know what's going on 
User 1: soon hahaha
User 2: lmao okay . we dont have both classes tomorrow . so then friday only
User 1: thank god
User 2: yeah lol xd . i heard . he yelled at u and all  . again lmao . "ik you're smarter, you dont need to show off"  . gg
User 1: arre he was saying bs from the previous class as well so i set him straight chut .
User 2: hahahaha 
User 1: composition of two linear maps is also a linear map right
User 2: not necessarily
User 1: okk . and how to give nullity of t . or dim ker t
User 2: dim is the no of vectors in ker t . except wait . when it's zero the dim is 0 . basically dim is the no of independent vectors required to express the vector space
User 1: i'm ded
User 2: stfu . u still have four hours . that's how long i studied  . that's given in the q
User 1: ok . how do you know the free variables . and what after those values
User 2: this idk . i just saw how it's done
User 1: if we have to prove linear iso then what all do we prove
User 2: that the lt is one one onto . or even that cyclicity of conditions holds
User 1: they don't give extra time to cripples also shish
User 2:  . how did it go tho ? . also . i thot u got someone to write for u ?
User 1: 10ish only because the sir left his cabin and we discussed the shit out of it . maths the person would be too slow
User 2: oh that's good you'll have enuf internals . dw
User 1: they don't know our symbols
User 2: that's true tho . was it like the paper he had set for us only ? . also . send pics of the paper plis
User 1: lol easier i think
User 2: hahah . that's always the case bro . resessionals are always easier . or atleast . u get more time to prepare
User 1: pcap god please
User 2: i have pcap sesh 1 . but dude . sesh two was pretty easy only
User 1: how to do 5th and 9th
User 2: idk why he gave the 5th q in this  paper . that's actually firsts sessional syllabus . from what i remember intersection of two subspace is a subspace but union isn't . can't really think of an example atm : . 9th no clue
User 1: second part was in your paper too
User 2: that's what . he gave me one mark for that . i have no clue why  . i just substituted some two random points
User 1: lets see ya . atleast i can write end sems for sure . haha . after lr(1) what all is there in cd
User 2: bro it was some v complicated syllabus . ok wait . so no bison no flex . no error recovery at all . but . that sdt shit is there . also that ambiguity thing is there
User 1: what is this . isnt this also there
User 2: they cancelled last minute . dont remember now, remind me later ? i'll look it up
User 1: yepp
User 2: final:
User 1: thank youu
User 2: yeah the conflict resolution thing is there
User 1: can we have the oe assignment
User 2: dont think so . dude . also get my book to class
User 1: omw . you deleted this message . inherited and synthesized attributes are there ?
User 2: yup
User 1: and it starts from bottom up na
User 2: yeah
User 1: also i was really just joking today alright . i'm very offensive like that but i don't mean shit
User 2: aye . it's totally cool lmao  . chill xd . there was a point of time when my best friend would call me medusa cause my hair was too shitty xd
User 1: was too shitty okay then
User 2: yeah got better, i started using argan oil post college xd
User 1: sounds expensive . why are you wasting money
User 2: stfu  . it's good stuff, no more split ends . did u take ml notes ?
User 1: nopee . will study from the text only
User 2: bro . that math . behind lagranges multiplier is damn fucked up . there are videos on all that, but it will take quite some time
User 1: which chapter
User 2: svm
User 1: fuck
User 2: choosing the optimal hyperplane
User 1: i'm not going to study for assignment 4 . don't have time . make notes please thanks
User 2:  . 50-50
User 1: right even you have a sessional
User 2: hahah someone remembered  . good luck
User 1: writing with soc people is the fucking worst . fuck this sem
User 2: fuck . what happened da . u had cd no ?
User 1: man it was a simple paper
User 2: really ? ! :o
User 1: do you want to draw state zero of an lr(1) for me . yes but that chick is so slow and dumb . it is unbelievable
User 2: wat . lol xd it is kinda difficult for them uk, like where to place the dot and all
User 1: dude i couldn't even attempt the full paper .  . please
User 2: lr(1) means clr right ?
User 1: yes
User 2: ok i'll draw . it's ok bro, even i got one ten in that paper 
User 1: i'm getting 4 .5 mvqs  grace marks
User 2: grace for ?
User 1: other ten marks
User 2: wah  . how much could u attempt tho ?
User 1: rip
User 2: u got wrong ?  . i think this q was from the slides tho .i remember doing it
User 1: i put extra lookahead . i still did jugaad and got string parsing . so 8 .5 max 
User 2:  . ok but the string parsing is only for half a mark  . i saw the scheme for our paper
User 1: great
User 2: 1 .5 for dfa . one for table
User 1: stop making me sad . no shame no regrets
User 2:  . cant believe u actually texted her this 
User 1: this too
User 2: wow  . nice nice  . u could have done automata on your own no . left hand . it's just symbols
User 1: i don't understand my handwriting which will mess up the dfa . plus i'm really slow
User 2:  . what is this sad story bro . but it's good u told her tbh . ik your teacher, she's nice . she might mark u leniently . bechara xd
User 1: bhai i won't be eligible for few companies if i drop below 8 .5
User 2: oh fuck . chill . how did your lab go ? . this sem carries less credits . wont affect your gpa much
User 1: one less . equally bad . except my relationship nothing is good . touch wood
User 2: aw well atleast u have that no, be happy for that . my personal life is so fucked up lmao
User 1: do tell . can't decide whom to hook up with out of all your options ?
User 2: stfu no  . my bangalore scene is peace . my friends there dont judge and all . u have no idea how much drama that hook up w saurak caused lmao
User 1: still ? . this is gossip i care about . plis
User 2: well it did for the entire sem, idk about now . i'll tell u in math class lmao . it's a v long story  . basically it really got on the nerves of the ppl who hosted the party  . all because of this chantal, if only she didnt have to pee that night, no one would have known
User 1: i don't like her a lot . some negative af vibes . not like we study anyway . dude . when you cc in an email can the two people receiving it see each other's id
User 2: yeah they can, go with bcc instead
User 1: no i want them to see . otherwise the respect ma'am sir would be so offensive
User 2: oh lol ok . go with cc then 
User 1: sent such a depressing email too them . going to ruin their sunday lol
User 2: to whom ? 
User 1: raviraja ashlatha . last part of opencl is also coming kya
User 2: yeah the matrices part is there . oh, what u asked for subject teachers to write your paper ?
User 1: extra time and laptop
User 2: oh peacee . idk why they dont give extra time . they used to at school and all
User 1: i'm just praying man . otherwise a subjects will also go
User 2: yeahh eefm ml and all u can easily get
User 1: eefm toh by hook or crook . ml this sessional will be bad . how much did you get in ml
User 2: 12 .5
User 1: chill only man . urgh . i'm waiting for their reply . let's hope lol
User 2: oh
User 1: dude seven days to game of thrones . and seven seasons . start
User 2: hahahah xd . i dont watch tbh . too much adult content :p
User 1: bapree . dude see the content . it's the most brilliant thing ever made
User 2:  . to be done in the summer xd
User 1: weak . which assignments can happen tomorrow
User 2: pcap and ml i guess . fuck dude . sessionals also to write
User 1: ml lol . bt . pcap what is evening happening
User 2: idek . he sent syllabus for u guys ? . i doubt it's tomorrow tho
User 1: doubt it
User 2: he sent for us tbh
User 1: bro i have mpi lab assessment alsoo
User 2: ohh fuck . but u studied for end sem no
User 1: yes i'll keep for tomorrow only
User 2: u started studying for sessional ?
User 1: an hour back
User 2:  . thanks bro xd
User 1: do you have the pcap paper
User 2: nopee . bro what are we doing about ml notes . i haven't made
User 1: no clue what so ever . i'm planning to wing all subjects . no other option
User 2: hmm . u haven't gotten pcap syllabus right ? . ai isn't today mostly, he's not done with syllabus
User 1: no someone asked on the group and no one replied so doubt it . great
User 2: yeah even sahil told me u guys haven't gotten
User 1: man i hope he doesn't conduct it . or i'll ask him if i can give tomorrow . a lot on this sem depends on pity
User 2: pcap ?
User 1: during the cd paper ma'am comes to me and asks me for the permission proof for extra time and i'm like there's no proof, only pity . she laughed and gave me five mins extra . ml
User 2:  . oh
User 1: 1 for being savage ?
User 2:  .  . jenit send those slides bro . i overslept . thanks . u finished ? . i started only half an hour back . this is not there right ?
User 1: divya was unsure about this
User 2: wtf
User 1: haven't started
User 2: lol . same boat then
User 1: are you doing from text
User 2: yep
User 1: which sections da
User 2:  .
User 1: till 13 .1
User 2: im stopping at 13 .1 . yep
User 1: starting from ?
User 2: propositional logic lol . we have to make for first order also now
User 1: divya . lol
User 2: dude . there's no time to cheat in ai . u made ml ?
User 1: nothing i did
User 2: same . so fucked
User 1: bro . except the probability part i didn't understand anything in ai
User 2:  . i just read it all oncec
User 1: which sections in the text exactly . in my text 13 .1 is some conditional planning
User 2: acting under uncertainty ? . i have no idea where this came from
User 1: send me your book . from this you're doing the 12th and 13 .1 ?
User 2: yes
User 1: after your eefm notes complete
User 2: no dude . dude did u get cd syllabus ?
User 1: section b teacher said thst it is not today
User 2: oh peacee thanks
User 1: bro . in proof by refutation you basically just do kb  a and then at the end prove a, then say aa is false hence proved . right ? . and what do you do in proof by resolution ? . just apply the resolution formula ?
User 2: wat . isn't this resolution ? . idk what refutation is . check once ?
User 1: are they assume ?
User 2:  ? . ik that resolution is that box thing
User 1: using only the resolution formula ? . and this is using any formula ?
User 2: this is the formula, and then u make boxes, taking all combinations . dude . i think . resolution and refutation is the same thing . are u coming for math ?
User 1: nope . bro 1st and 8th . and how to do 12th . ka third
User 2: 1st is d . i'm guessing resolution only . we haven't learnt the others . valid i think . when u and another condition to the lhs it doesnt affect your rhs
User 1: thanks . how to dictate ml please to help
User 2:  . i think u should teach her what those symbols are
User 1: she's too stupid . she starts giggling when i say a technical term she doesn't know . i said "pruned" and she lost her shit . 
User 2:  . u checked your ai assignment mark's ? . he uploaded
User 1: fuck don't want to . how much did you get . oh fuck he gave me eighteen
User 2: oh, he gave me twenty dude
User 1: too lit
User 2: even i was suprised dude . he gave me eighteen in cn last sem, and honestly i studied cn a lot more than i studied ai
User 1: dude i didn't even know fol during the assignment
User 2: oh yeah  . u didnt write the sessional no  . it was some easy q that he gave tho
User 1: exactly . too good . i'll send all these teachers thank you email
User 2: this fol also is v easy . too good xd 
User 1: but 1mark
User 2: its 2 . high time u did so . after all the sob stories that u typed out 
User 1: oh those . yeah . 
User 2: for pe's . one means highest preference right
User 1: duh . what's your cgpa . 3rd year
User 2: like rn ? . wait what did u mean ? 
User 1: it's fine i don't want that negativity . sarcasm
User 2: okay  . jenitt . what's the ml syllabus post sessionals ?
User 1: isn't it there in the group
User 2: where ? . i saw only ai . we haven't attended a single class also post sessionals 
User 1: lol i'll ask and tell
User 2: cool cool thaanks . how do your ml retest go ?
User 1: eh . 10ish . i'll get
User 2: why . u didnt study enough ?
User 1: arre they asked recurrent networks ya . useless thing
User 2: imagine end sems broo
User 1: and i forgot logistic discrimination
User 2: what's this ?
User 1: ded
User 2: oh
User 1: exactly
User 2:  . bro . i heard seniors got fucked last year . even with forty-five internals they got b and all
User 1: i'm fine with any grade . just want to pass all subjects . my cd teacher is my tg so she was quite aware about everything and she gave me 33
User 2: wtf . that's fkn nasty . but i think everyone got fucked in cd ? . idk even parv was crying
User 1: how much did you get in second sessional and on total
User 2: he asked how much i got and he refused to tell me his  . forty-three total . ten in the second one 
User 1: 9
User 2: oh . then what u lost your marks in assignments ?
User 1: fourteen
User 2: fack . she fucked u over looks like . can u not ?  . i deleted it
User 1: beaut
User 2: i was hoping to see . a fully healed hand
User 2: how do u live with it ?
User 1: it's not like i had a choice
User 2: well . i'd cover it up if i were u . and when is it coming off
User 1: everything is coming off today
User 2: out . thank god
User 1: you're going for maths ? . bro i have no idea what the fuck is that subject . tell me what to do
User 2: same  . jape and i plan on studying in the library sometime  . i dont have the motivation to tackle it on my own  . i think so dude
User 1: please decide and tell me . i'm piling on
User 2: cool cool . i'll ask jape and let uk . we're going at 8:30 in the morning tomorrow
User 1: great . i'll be there
User 2: cya . jenit . are u up yet
User 1: are y'all there ?
User 2: we're here
User 1: dude after cuda, how many pages does the notes ka thing have
User 2: v few . but sir . wait . there's assignment four syllabus also
User 1: yeah the device architecture
User 2: yeah that's only some five pages
User 1: accha then whenever you're free please send pictures for whatever is after cuda no . like at night is also fine . just camscan it
User 2: cool cool . u want only the pvm thing right
User 1: anything after 2nd sessionals
User 2: this u have ?
User 1: nope
User 2: it's in that tb only dude . the opencl textbook
User 1: okay okay then just the pvm . bro everything is there from this . and in chapter eight it's full flex and bison
User 2: fuck . you're sure uh ?
User 1: yes
User 2: u got the syllabus from the teacher ?
User 1: yes i confirmed
User 2: ahh ok thanks . fml . gonna take an entire day
User 1: exwctpy
User 2: :(( . bro . your teacher is scamming the syllabus . a section got reduced portions . i'll send that once i get it
User 1: tell
User 2: dont have it rn . ojasvi said she would send
User 1: accha cool forward it asap . i don't wanna do extra shit lol
User 2: triplets,  section d . idk where this is from . this is from a section
User 1: i'm following this
User 2: that's your class ka syllabus
User 1: seems like a sincere student . i'll follow her 
User 2:  . yeah same lol .
User 1: thanks . only if y'all had come a day later
User 2: mangoes  . and ato chips also 
User 1: they are jain but you get the point 
User 2: hahahah xd . scam xd . did u get sahil's cd notes post sessionals ?
User 1: nope . i did everything from text . which part . 8 .3 na ?
User 2: 8 .1 .4
User 1: i mean this diag explanation or 8 .2
User 2: what ? . i mean . i dont get . how the optimal mc code is produced
User 1: bro i don't think they will ask us how it is produced . just try to understand it . even idk how it is produced but i get the code .
User 2: but in the third line in the first example . theres nothing in r0 to multiply with
User 1: all the regs in example one should be r1 . and in the 2nd example the srda instruction is basically like a pre processing step for binary division . rest is fine
User 2: cool cool . also st places the first operand into the second right
User 1: smart
User 2:  . thanks so much ! . this is pakka correct ?
User 1: yes
User 2: check debt equity
User 1: my sister solved it and sent so just accept . too fucked for ratios
User 2: oh . fuck . thanks
User 1: bro send sums that you solve . we'll tally
User 2: ok prev year paper ?
User 1: cool . if two non terminals that's are not starting symbols are in deadlock while finding the follow set then we just add  to both of them right ?
User 2: yup
User 1: did you solve anything
User 2: bro im trying to cover syllabus
User 1: instruction cost ? . dude do you understand how these are being solvrd
User 2: no time to explain now bro :
User 1: just explain . any one
User 2: which q
User 1: any . fastt . harsha explain . thanks tho . all the best 
User 2: oh okay . u too
User 1: you deleted this message
User 2: do u have calc of pi code ? . i want for cuda and opencl
User 1: just opencl
User 2: thanks bro . what's the monte carlo shit . do we have that . this is mpi
User 1: no . shit . then don't have ut
User 2: bro . what's the plan for ai
User 1: going to do all the bad things today . ontology and all . and the first sessional graph algos . you ?
User 2: same same . i'll keep second sessional for tomorrow . listen . where are u doing q from . wanna solve together ? . prev year papers have many
User 1: i'll do the conceptual part . you send every question you solve . just the q . then we'll chexk
User 2: yeah cool . so basically i'm doing chapters three five twelve thirteen fourteen today . maybe two also if i get time
User 1: greedy
User 2: what xd
User 1: did you start 
User 2: ive done ten pages so far 
User 1: i'm doing two three twelve thirteen 15 . ten more than me . urghh . you remember those food stalls ?
User 2:  . even im doing 2 . doing two rn actually . which ones ? . revels ?
User 1: no recently outside the 13th block
User 2: yepp . i went to those
User 1: dude i ordered five cinnamon buns from that girl through instagram . i'm waiting to have those before studying . 
User 2:  . bro i had tried the brownie . nutella one . didnt like it only
User 1: but the cinnamon buns looked too good even that day . dw it'll be up on my instagram . lol . cant wait . only thing i can do to procrastinate
User 2:  . ohoo . clarifying doubts and all on the group xd
User 1: i still havent started man . i just cant
User 2: bro i'm still on the 10th page 
User 1: lets just start at seven
User 2: ok . that gives us twenty-three min
User 1: nine
User 2: sigh . it's time to begin
User 1: how much did you do
User 2: chap 3 . u ?
User 1: 2 .1
User 2: wow xd . i did fourteen now
User 1: i'll catch up
User 2: good good xd . i'm gonna do chap two now . i think i'll read all these chapters . first . and then solve q
User 1: so first studying the questions and then studying the other chapters ?
User 2: will read all these, then solve q from all these . it will be around six in the evening by that time
User 1: cool
User 2: then read the rest . what's chap 15 ? . i think we have only 14 ?
User 1: ha toh that my bad
User 2: ya cool
User 1: in uniform search algo, we check if it is a goal state if that is the node that we'll expand next (as it is in the start of the priority queue) . we can keep expanding a node continuously down the tree without expanding the other children of the root if the path cost to those children is too high compared to the current node right ? . its not like bfs in which you have to go the sibling before expanding the children right ?
User 2: we can expand either the children or the siblings of the nose . node . depending on which has the lower cost
User 1: cool . how much done
User 2: and oh i missed fourteen
User 1: full fourteen done ?
User 2: yeah its damn small . wbu
User 1: just two and 3 . i'll start five now . what are stuff and things . stuff is basically a part of something and retains the same intrinsic properties even when subdivided . right ? and what about things
User 2: which chap
User 1: 12 . it's only  .1  .2  .5  .6 . for the 12th chapter . arre ya i did the full thing shish
User 2: what . that's a lot lmao . yeah, but idk what they mean when they say that stuff "specifies" no intrinsic properties . does it mean the same thing ?
User 1: yeah exactly the definition is the problem
User 2: yeah . idek what kind of q they will ask from this chap dude . gotta see old papers . things is not even defined btw
User 1: we dont have that proving . havent seen it tho . they might expect us to like just write about it . theres a para on optimality of a
User 2: try this
User 1: okay
User 2: i'm getting some diff ans for dfs and uniform cost . bro even a i have no clue what she's done
User 1: wait for 10 . i'll do and then we'll check
User 2: cool cool . that arrow points from c to f btw
User 1: dfs is also s a g1
User 2: but it says dont take the one that loops
User 1: i think its written in the text book that we use explored states so that it doesnt go in infinite loop
User 2: that's for graph search right
User 1: so when it goes back to a, no other node will be traversed from that a noed
User 2: i guess this is tree search ?
User 1: how is all this diff
User 2: what do u mean . actually in tree search . it gets stuck in that loop
User 1: oh . wait divya is confirming . okay yeah so according to graph search it should be s a g1 . why are you getting a diff
User 2: yeah got the same . took the arrow wrong
User 1: so if they havent specified which one (tree or graph ) then do we just assume it to be graph  ? . dude if the path cost from s a g1 was less than s a b c g2 then we would consider the first sequence only right ?
User 2: ok uniform cost also i got the same thing . looks like no ?
User 1: haan exactly because i remember he always drew the explored states on the side
User 2: yup . so only dfs we're not sure of now
User 1: also in a algo, once we find a final state, we expand the other frontiers also till the value till that node is greater than the goal state so see if there are more optimal parts
User 2: yaa but that's because he solved only uniform cost and a in class  . yep
User 1: bro how is this person even connecting a and c . there is no direct link in the graph . its a decent assumption so only graph based algos
User 2: that's what
User 1: eh fuck it
User 2: let's see what divya says
User 1: our dfs is correct . i didnt send her the question
User 2: oh
User 1: wait i'll ask the dfs
User 2: ya ask ask . because the textbook does not tell us what to do when there's a loop . but for bfs we keep that explored state right . graph based
User 1: yes yes . this is toh eight puzzle problem . dude in the paper it's written missing info may be assumed according . so just mention explored states are used
User 2: hmm ok . what do we write under time complexity for each depth ? . it's not the asymptotic one right
User 1: that only we have to write no
User 2: howw . asymptotic is when u have infinite modes . nodes . same for 2c . check please 
User 1: this seems right . time complexity part ido . this is i'll check . everything is right but what's that sixty-two thing
User 2: that's in case nodes are tested during expansion
User 1: accha then yeah sort . no what plan
User 2: how much are u done with ? . i did half of fourteen
User 1: two three twelve thirteen 14 . i'll do the rest from divyas notes
User 2: oh why not do the textbook ?
User 1: i know those things decent enough . and divya reads the text and writes extra notes . she said it's fine 
User 2: oh 
User 1: we don't have algos no
User 2: dont think so . dude . why aren't the values of alpha and beta being passed down the tree ?
User 1: yeah they aren't updating properly
User 2: yeah the scheme is completely wrong 
User 1: in objects and categories what does the rectangle and the double rectangle represent
User 2: i think double rectangle is for binary relations . but both are used when the relations apply to individual objects and not categories . bro we have agent programs ? ! . what rule did they use here ?
User 1: there's no retune rule as such . just normalise so that there probabilities add to one
User 2: how does  0 .108,0 .016 . it should be just 0 .108 ?
User 1: the second probability is for  cavitiy . we include that too to get both the probabilities in a vector format . they are fusing the above two equations . also did you even sleep wth . also in the water jug problem, you just try to get the answer through intuition through the graph right
User 2: yeah ik . but i thought joint probability gives only one value wtf . ya lol on and off . yes there are many solutions
User 1: man i'll read it again and see . think if you don't form a vector also it should be fine
User 2: ok cool . also did u do completeness of resolution and all ? !
User 1: wtf is this
User 2: so proof shit . i hope they dont ask all that . some
User 1: fuck proofs . in proof by refutation you prove kb   a is a nullset by being false . and in proof by resolution, you just apply the formula till you get the required 'a' right
User 2: i think both are the same ?
User 1: no no . also turing test is acting humanly no
User 2: yes
User 1: how was it 
User 2: decent . yours ?
User 1: tell actually da
User 2: actually only, i did one small mistake in alpha beta . and graph part idk
User 1: same . same
User 2: ya i pruned one extra . i'm sure of all except dfs
User 1: did you get three sa g1 and one s c g2
User 2: how 2 ?
User 1: you wrote all s a g1 ?
User 2: i didnt get this . cause u have to trace according to alphabet order . first one i got cost 14 . second 11 . bfs . ucs . dfs i did tree and graph, graph i got 25 . last one was fourteen i think
User 1: don't know . eh it's ovet . studying ml today ?
User 2: no dude tomorrow only . u ?
User 1: duh
User 2:  . there's a lot tho
User 1: problem for tomorrow . it's too early for this argh . but anyay . you have to do -(log0 .5log2)
User 2: you're saying for the conversion to base ten thing ?
User 1: yeah basically
User 2: bro i entered base two only on my calci . oh wait
User 1: doesnt this imply log of 0 .5 to the base two too ? . rhetorical . yes it does
User 2: got it  . yeah lol just started . i think i'll do second sessional syllabus today . how much done ?
User 1: 0 . you !
User 2:  . i did decision trees 
User 1: woow
User 2: yep . i finally finished this at one in the afternoon 
User 1: i'm just netflixing . can't fuck around for maths ha
User 2: why we're kinda done studying no
User 1: sessional one
User 2: eh . that will take only one day da . but ok we need to study . let's go the library on the first day atleast  . if we sit by ourselves we'll chill like how we're chilling now 
User 1: dude honestly i'm very concerned about maths since only 26 . please both days library needed
User 2: ok ok  . but i think if we study properly we can actually cover syllabus in one day . let's try . next day we can solve extra q from textbooks and all
User 1: yes yes everything tbu . how much did you do
User 2: i did 9, 2, 7, 15 . wbu
User 1: 15 . i started doing 14th and wasn't u derstanding anything and wasted a lot of time and then i realized i was doing edition two not 3 . rip
User 2: oh fuck . i was about to do that too
User 1: are you doing the solved questions from the answer booklet after each chapter ! .  ?
User 2: we have to, pakka it will come  . listen most of the stuff in these papers is out of syllabus right ? !
User 1: 2b 3c 4a . might be out
User 2: 2c 4b 3a 3b ?
User 1: 4b also not there
User 2: do we have k nearest neighbor ?
User 1: i think so
User 2: no not there
User 1: cool greatt . did you solve any papers . and did you see all the solved exercises ?
User 2: no dude, will do that in the morning
User 1: coming early ?
User 2: no lol
User 1: humidity no ?
User 2: dont know . on what basis did u select humidity ? . u calculated information gain and all ?
User 1: no i just calculated entropy and selected the lesser one . that's how you do it . i don't know if this another method because i don't even know what this is
User 2: that's not how u do it . this is how u select
User 1: did you get humidity
User 2: see same thing has been asked here also . i left this q thinking it was not of syllabus
User 1: lol
User 2: yeah lol but i calculated the split entropies . so i should get around three marks
User 1: arre you the lesser one is the answer
User 2: huh ? . that's not how u do it bro . u calculate the entropy of the result . and subtract the entropies after splitting from this
User 1: it's done
User 2: yes lol
User 1: tomorrow morning eight library
User 2: math next  . library opens at nine j think :
User 1: let's by 1 . 
User 2: one in the afternoon uh ?
User 1: you decide i'll come
User 2:  . thanks  . how u been ? how's your vacay
User 1: the absolute worst . no internship plus after my sister left i basically live at a old age home . what about you  . starts tomorrow right ?
User 2: ohh fuckk  . yeah tomorrow, so today i'm gonna check into this hotel . courtyard marriott . they're providing accommodation for a week . first two days orientation . they want us to get ready and board the gs provided transport at 6:30 in the morning 
User 1: isn't the internship in blore only ? . haha it's fine man . think about the greater good !
User 2: yes, but sahil and i decided to take 
User 1:  . scam
User 2: yeah .i want that ppo bro . its gonna be too bad sitting for placements or else . wbu what are u doing ? writing a research paper ? . broo even i want to do this tbh .
User 1: such is life for me lel . i spoke to apratim and he said that unless you come across a problem that is not solved in the best way till then you won't be able to write like a good paper
User 2: but you're gonna apply to unis right . my dads saying work here, make some money and go . 
User 1: so i'm planning to just do projects with algos that i haven't done
User 2: work for a year
User 1: and improve my older ones . and then toefl and ielts . yep mostly this only
User 2: oh what kind of algos . for u too ? . i didnt even disagree . my chances of getting in are so bad lmao 
User 1: basically lstms, gans and couple other things . then i'm making this model for dikshita using our whatsapp history  . so i'm not sure about anything, i'll ask the program to predict what she might say  . should make life easier
User 1: yes . jiju said that apply directly but i want to work first so i'll apply but won't go till i get my top 5 .  don't piss of subah subah
User 2: makes sense . jiju means ? uncle ? . auto generated response also ? xd
User 1: sister's husband . like he's an engineer too so he was telling me what happened with his friends and why you should leave asap . no so it's a dialogue bases thing no . so i input the message, output should be her reply . i'm really excited for this project . i hope we don't break up because then i'll be filling a void with the computer program  . fuck i sound creepy . don't tell anyone plis thanks
User 2:  . wont wont  . going anywhere during the vacation ?
User 1: trekking in mi maybe . i hope these guys book tickets soon . if not that then eid in dubai 
User 2: oho sort sort . i'm not going anywhere this time :(
User 1: because you have a boring ass job which pay 75k 
User 2: sister's also in 12th grade . gotta wait a year
User 1: are you planning to do anything simultaneously with the internship ! .  ? . also did you get a jd lok
User 2: nah it ends on july 4th i think . not sure if i'll get time . if i do i'll prep for gre i guess . what's this
User 1: job description at gs
User 2: oh, no not yet . bro its damn confidential and all itseems . they make u sign an nda . but i'll tell u 
User 1: this is the age where corruption starts 
User 1: who all are there in gs ? . you sahil and ?
User 2: mahima . rishita . rohit sarkar . shounak and shreyansh
User 1: ouch . nevermind . forget i asked
User 2: ouch ? 
User 1: how did it goo . results
User 2: let's not talk about it . lowest ever
User 2: hii jenit
User 1: helo . whatsu
User 2: my internship got over . so i'm just chilling . what's up w u ?
User 1: ae damn nice . good good . nothing jsut dreading the end of vacations . i feel this one was damn short . i miss my trip also . last sem now 
User 2: same . what trip ?  . kinda glad tbh  bangalore is too chill
User 1: i went for a trek-ish kinda trip with all my school friends . it was too lit . anyways most of the people will get placed in blore only so :p yeah actually
User 2: ohh wow . yeah but in my case, it's my own city :p, i met like ten ppl from my school who were at gs only . and many others in walmart codenation deloitte and all
User 1: haha now full manipal and school is going to be in your city . too easy . how was the gs experience . whats the scene with ppo ?
User 2: yes . good dude ! . dont know yett
User 1: wahh . let's pray
User 2: hahaha yes . so fucked if i dont get it lol
User 1: us na . we know  . increasing the competition for us
User 2: stfu  . i haven't started preparing for placements 
User 1: not like you need it 
User 2: shush . but this time gs and ms aren't coming, so i guess citrix is the only one that pays more than 20lpa
User 1: microsoft isn't why ? !
User 2: apparently they took way too many interns from all colleges . so they aren't going to a lot of campuses . it's not on the list that we got also right
User 1: yeah what was the need to take anushka and nikita and mediocre girls like them . oh shit yeah . i thought they weren't on the list because it was given that it's coming . chut nadella
User 2: bro anushka and nikita are far better than the rest they took  . they recruited like madd, they took forty from bits hyd .  . 
User 1: no . i'm in their lab . nikita two roll nos before me . and anushka is always opposite me because advait is around there . don't get me started . divya and sarthak are the only deserving ones . wow . but atleast they'll mostly get ppo so lesser competition
User 2: ok lol i thought nikita was good  . that's exactly why they aren't recruiting this year, cause they plan on converting most . anyway, the ones from manipal will get their ppos this friday, let's see what happens
User 1: fuckk . too close . what about your gs ppos
User 2: we don't know dude . i think we told them to give them out by 12th . let's see what happens . last time they were v late tho
User 1: arghh . the suspense is always the worst . but like did your seniors like you and all haha
User 2: ya ya all that's good . but my manager said it also depends on requirements and the final decision lies with hr
User 1: ha that's true . it's fine you have all the requirements . just ask what's the pay tho .  . can't go under 75k a month anyway :p
User 2: requirements as in the no of positions that are open  . dude so screwed, they're telling us about the ppo only when college begins : . not sure about this
User 1: its fine no . till then you study for placements . and then once college begins either you'll get opportunities or some chill time .
User 2: i want to chill now 
User 1: man you have done enough coding throughout the vacation . you literally just have to see things that you have to memorize . its fine shouldn't be a problem
User 2: that was in java xd . i code in c  . dude, dya wanna like work on a project once the sem starts ? . once your placement scene is sorted
User 1: yes yes yes
User 2: yas . bro, my friends from school are publishing papers and all and presenting them in international conferences  . i feel like shit 
User 1: apratim is citing his own papers !
User 2: ohoo . that's damn good . we have just one sem left at college . need to write a paper man . u did start working on something w parv no ?
User 1: yeah that didn't really work out  . one thing i wanna do is make jenit chat bot . so like i downloaded my whatsapp chat history which i will train my network on
User 2: oh yeah u told me about this . how far did u get ?
User 1: no need to be arrogant
User 2: whatt lol . u only used future tense
User 1: don't need to hurt no . you know it's going to start in the future na
User 2: arre, i genuinely thought u had started . this . why dya always think of double meanings when there aren't any da 
User 1: man it's been a very long vacation . didn't get time only . i jk . but we definitely will do something this sen
User 2: hopefully we'll get some good accuracy , i dont think we can write a paper or else on it xd, a lot of my friends tried their hands on soo many and got only like 70 and all
User 1: 70 is fine only tbh . like if it's something new . which prolly won't be the case
User 1: you stop worrying before deciding what we are going to do . 
User 2: i was seeing something that got accepted into springer . they got 92 .  . give me a list of things to do before we start working da, i haven't done any courses . will prolly do it over this week
User 1: honestly speaking rn you should focus on placements till you don't get ppo . and simultaneously do lstms . cnns are too over done and you need massive data and all for that which we won't get or won't be able to handle
User 2: yeah true . ok ok . dude . divya didnt get ppo or what ? . all those other chicks did
User 1: i dont know didnt know how to ask . exactly . sarthak got ?
User 2: idk about that too . on the wtm group, divya's name wasnt there . even dyuti i'm not sure
User 1: was it a list or was everyone just congratulating
User 2: not a list . but someone did ask for all the names . no one named divya
User 1: who all were named but
User 2: and disha and ananya . and  daksha too
User 1: wtf nikita got . too fucking lame . unbelievable
User 2: lol . nothing's going on in your class group ?
User 1: na we don't really care for our peers achievements . only birthday wish game is strong in our class lol
User 2: ok no divya got
User 1: thank god
User 2:  . yeah . idk about sarthak and pritika . everyone else got
User 1: except pritika everyone got lol
User 2: ya thought so 
User 1: rude . why tho 
User 2: cause her name was not on the wtm group  . and that group congratulates any girl who does anything 
User 1:  . such bt man everyone got selected except her
User 2: yeah that's damn sad actually . ik her . she's from my class . and dude tbh she's v quiet and all . see the thing about interning is . even if u dont do much work . u have to talk your way out
User 1: like to seniors and all ? . is this what you did sannidhi 
User 2: yup manager and all . no no i worked a lott xd . but i was also v good at making conversation xd . being able to communicate really well seems like an unfair advantage tbh . but yeah at the end of the day, it is what it is
User 1: anything that get you the ppo is worth it at the end of the day no . did you apply for the codenation thing
User 2: yeah lol . i'll just see the q and sleep . dude . my friends in itb are coding in grgoups . groups . and apparently they're as it is v good at coding
User 1: argh . i have no coder friends in this entire city . ripp . so you'll ace them and sleeo . gotcha
User 2: no lol . i just wanna see what the q are like . my friend interned there . and he got ppo . he doesn't want to take it tho
User 1: how is the company . ohh
User 2: small . not organized
User 1: how are they giving 31l then loll
User 2: the only women are the receptionists . idk all that . but he didnt like the work also
User 1: you make me want to sleep early . hahha . might as well not like i have so many opportunities going on anyways
User 2: lolol . hmm . also dude getting this ppo is damn hard . my friend who got the internship . he's acm icpc two time regionalist . rank six that too . and he tried couple of times . in odd and even sems
User 1: no idea what you just said but okay . might as well give it and get done with it
User 2: yeah . i cant login
User 1: same i think they havent made it live yet
User 2: oh ok . nahh . it doesn't recognize my username
User 1: dont know whats happening anymore . read the fb comments everyone is so pissed off
User 2: the test for today for off campus shas been cancelled due to unforeseen technical issues  . we are extremely sorry for the inconvenience cause  . we will release a new test shortly in a few days  . keep coding  ! see you soon
User 1: loll . bt
User 2: gn gn xd
User 1: nightt
User 2: got the ppo xd . we all did
User 1: aee damn nice . what's your package lol
User 2: 22 . sixteen in hand
User 1: damn sonn . 
User 2: thankss  . dude . i think we got ashalatha for nlp . we can try working under her . also nlp projects are easier than cv i guess
User 1: she'll definitely help us with the paper as well . sort
User 2: yes . hello ! i'm happy to share that i will also be heading for my masters this year ! i had to be hush about it until i got my visa to not affect my chances of continuing work at microsoft if i didnt - but i got it yday, so i can finally share the news with you all ! . sachi angle, two years our senior sent this . looks like we can get a lot of help for nlp :p
User 1: how well do you know her
User 2: i dont know her :p . but they're all pretty nice only . and moreover she herself said shes ready to help . ik tito, he got into oxford, but i think he worked on cv
User 1: sucks to be a nice person lol . but yeah we'll text her and all
User 1: when are you coming
User 2: tomorrow morning . wbu ?
User 1: i'm at mumbai airport rn . bus ?
User 2: no flight xd . gs is reimbursing  . breakfast and all i took 
User 1: wait why  . man flights from blore are to early
User 2: so they reimburse two tickets, either college to your place or your place to bangalore . in my case, my place is bangalore  . yeah 7:40 for me . sahil, like one df, is taking the bus 
User 1:  . all these ten pointers have a different swag we won't understand
User 1: how to prove wrong 101 . man this semester is starting so relaxed for you . naukri dedo koi 
User 2:  . you'll get da, try ciscocitrix they pay damn well
User 1: anything more than what my sister is earning rn and i'll be peace
User 2: hahahaha . dude tbh . sahil and i were damn disappointed w manipal's placement season this time . bangalore colleges have uber and atlassian coming :
User 1: microsoft and gs are also not coming . man what sense does it make after paying so much fees and not getting better companies for placements
User 2: exactly . full regret dude . we were getting all these colleges thru cet only . i told the placement officer about uber and atlassian . he said nothing has materialized so far, which probably means they're not coming xd
User 1: how are you talking to so many people in power . bro maharashtras best college where google and all go fees is 68k a year  . it's in mumbai only .  . when do they tell us about the companies coming later
User 2: that guy, harish called yest to tell about ppo  . wow . vjti right ? . later only i think  . once google went to rv towards the end, only some shitty ppl were left, they took them and went xd . they prolly had some urgent requirement
User 1: yeah man . my friend is working under my sister like a subpart . if i had taken it i could have been working under my sis lol
User 2: hahahha . why cant u do the same here ? . oh cause u dont stay in bombay ?
User 1: and pwc hires only from college . like i cant even ask my sister to submit a recommendation or even a request for me no . and they don't come here . mumbai has more of finance and commerce related opportunities in corporate so .
User 2: your sister works in pwc ? . i dont think so .my friend interned there last summer, his dad got for him
User 1: as a chartered accountant . wtf . this is exactly what they told her . maybe his dad is much higher in post so makes sense i guess
User 2: yup, he's md or something . bro, if u have dcc slides please send . thanks . jenitt . can u get your nlp notes to class tomorrow
User 1: barely anything but okay
User 2: thankss . dont forget . did your dcc teacher give assignment syllabus ?
User 1: she said unit one and 2 . no idea what it means tho
User 2: oh ok . chap two and four i think
User 1: do you know the portion from the text book ? . for dcc and it
User 2: idk it
User 1: which book but
User 2: dont know again . there are two books
User 1: i have four
User 2: one is that colouris
User 1:  . i asked sahil . he'll know . when he replies i'll let you know
User 2: wtf lol . accha cool . did u find out ?
User 1: he said he had no idea . idk now anymire re
User 1: different classes of verbs and all
User 2: but which one is which ? . j corresponds to ?
User 1: to act . becomes active . like that
User 2: oh okay . and k ?
User 1: to represent
User 2: no gimme an ex . oh lol ok . got it
User 1: dumbfuck
User 2:  . and 'a' is adjective ?
User 1: yepp
User 2: in "mice" why do we map u to epsilon ? like on what basis ?
User 1: m . letters are less in mice na
User 2: yeah but why is u mapped to epsilon . why not someother letter ?
User 1: i think they are just keeping it as the middle letter . but only o or u can be mapped . so
User 2: you could map 'u' to 'c' and 's' to epsilon also right ? . yass . sna cancelled
User 1: :') . i think so
User 2: hahah still fucked for dcc lol . ok ok we'll ask her once tomorrow
User 1: done with dcc . nlp rip
User 2: done uh ? . how ? . what is this scene ? no one is done with dcc xd
User 1: sunday full i did that . sna and sta are fine . it nlp have to do . eom toh rip
User 2: ohh . hahaha i had it today, got fucked lol . notes didnt help only
User 1: so 45 ? okay
User 2: no clue bro  . q was honestly v weird . do mbo for police dept . come up with quantifiable measures for peter drucker . are u free for like five min, i have doubts in the e insertion transducer
User 1: i just woke up so just text
User 2: oh fuck it's too hard to type that out, so basically, i cant understand how the trap state traps "series", "series" could have e insertion also done right ? . and similarly even foxes can go to trap state ?
User 1: according to the fst yes it can . but i think it is not deterministic . and since for normal ones there is a transition epsilon to e, i think all the regular ones follow that path and all the rest go from q2 to q5 when they incur the s in the intermediate state (s part)
User 2: oh ok thanks . what's the three level morphology for children ? . i want the intermediate part actually
User 1: that hasn't been done definitely won't come . please sit next to me in nlp i haven't studied for jt
User 2: it's in divya's book .  . okay i really hope i'll be able to help
User 1:  . her children thing is 100 wrong . it was hw that no one did and she didn't solve it in class . mapping is always from one letter to another . it can't be d:dren . i'm sure about that
User 2: yeah that's what . that's why i asked . but no one knows . it will be epsilon: r and so on i think
User 1: do you have notes from the ties lecture in sna ?
User 2: no dude . i'm making now tho
User 1: i was absent fornit and don't understand it only so
User 2: read the textbook . its explained properly . i'm doing that only
User 1: is it a lot ? . also send the text book lol
User 2: no its damn less . it's on the group
User 1: chalo thanks . bro i can't download from the group
User 2: wait i'll send
User 1: full chapter 5 ?
User 2: yes . listen are your it notes complete ?
User 1: arghh okayy
User 2: i'm taking xerox
User 1: till 7 . i'll do the rest in break and dcc
User 2: fuckk dude . eight and ten left ?
User 1: it's not hard tho . ha
User 2: yeah i read it . ok i'll take xerox during eom
User 1: okayy
User 2: ppt nine is not there no . for it
User 1: no
User 2: is javascript in syllabus ?
User 1: no man . just c and html tags
User 2: thanks . do u have an example for freeman's formula ?
User 1: i was also looking for that . couldn't find :
User 2: what's the dcc syllabus ?
User 1: just refer to the docx till unit 3 . chapter 1,2,4,5 . and for synchronization from text book . i don't know which chapter
User 2: entire chap six is there ? . i have for this also
User 1: i think it should be enough to read these . but just text . rest don't even bother . the docx are enough . bro i'm going to do nlp in the evening i'll check then
User 2: ok ok . how much done in dcc ?
User 1: sh no such questions
User 2:  . does anyone have a good pdf of the tannenbaum textbook ? the one ma'am sent is incredibly badly formatted . do u ?
User 1: nope . how are you doing nlp
User 2: only slides
User 1: same broo . yeah the last term is missing
User 2: dude what do we have to learn in nlp . i'm just reading
User 2: bro
User 1: sup
User 2: can we please start with a project . i just realized we cant get recos from teachers if we dont work under them . lolol . so even if it's a small one it's ok, let's just do something lmao
User 1: whatsapp chat what downloading
User 2: also u dont have sta today ? . haven't done it yet . but will start doing today . also we should discuss about what exactly we want to do, and then go tell ashalatha about it
User 1: lol i have only sna . done
User 2: oh . hmm idk what to do from two to 3:30 . yess lemme know when you're free . what's the easiest way to download chat history ? . besides i dont see an option to do that on whatsapp . export chat works ?
User 1: without media
User 2: ok ok . how many do u want me to export
User 1: all noob
User 2: u mean to say no scandalous things right
User 1: dw i'll send you the preprocessing code when it is ready so you don't have to share your chags
User 2: groups included ? . lolol . thanks xp
User 1: no just pm
User 2: did u tell me to do sequence models . it has rnn . i didnt see lstm
User 1: youtube
User 2: jenitt . what exactly is our project . we're building a chatbot for ?
User 1: basically imitate how we type . because we'll be mixing our data
User 2: okay, so given some input, it should give two imitations ? one for you and one for me ? . and how do you test if its actually how we reply ?
User 1: no we'll combine our thing da . we'll check the output . and i'm sure there will be metric in keras for thay
User 2: oh okay, is there some existing work on this already that i can read about ?
User 1: read about chat bots only . that's exactly what it's going to be like . so i'll make a guy repo . you know how to use git via terminal no ?
User 2: i use it via the gui . but ok i'll learn . there are many videos on that . okay, so basically we apply diff methods like tf idf, bag of words etc and see which gives bet results ? . is there a scope to right a paper on this ? many ppl would have worked on this already na . best
User 1: i don't think we have to make diff models . it mostly will work only with lstms . we have to apply different preprocessing techniques
User 2: this is only the pre processing part no ? . i'm yet to read up about this
User 1: this is to the data no . models will be decided after we have good representation for data
User 2: yes yes . got it . also jenit, we could go to muralikrishna sir to be our guide . his area is nlp ml and cv . and moreover he's one of the best professors in the department, he taught me daa and took lab too . he taught pretty well
User 1: done . email him first . with the idea . with both our names . and ask to meet
User 2: you do this part no . i'll mail him today only . i have his number also . i can just whatsapp him
User 1: arre you know him . it's better you do it
User 2: he's damn chill while giving lor also btw
User 1: arre perfect no . don't be lazy . if a know student it's better  !
User 2: no i'm saying, u describe what we will be doing . i'll only mail him . since i dont have much clarity . with your description of the project
User 2: did u start the project ? . i texted murali sir this morning, he didnt reply tho . guess we'll have to meet him in person
User 1: yep cool . yes i finally did thoda today
User 2: oh preprocessing ?
User 1: the start
User 2: cool cool
User 1: bro so the first step of preprocessing that im doing is uploading the text files to grammarly and correctly all the errors in the files . it will be time consuming but ah well
User 2: spelling errors ? . fuck dude . isnt there something else we could do ?
User 1: have to do that no
User 2: hm, ok so, wait . spelling errors can be resolved by word only na . just select that option, resolve all
User 1: yeah that only andthen download the edited file
User 2: ah cool . how much time is this taking ?
User 1: pretty quick tbh
User 2:  . you keep insulting all the time, idk when to take it seriously 
User 1: take those advices
User 2: okay i'll take, starting from tomorrow . do u want to work under her
User 1: but she's a assistant professor
User 2: murali sir is also assistant prof . also . she taught me os bro, i didnt really like her xd . he is pretty good tho
User 1: she will have some of her project
User 2: yeah . that's what i also thought
User 1: thanks for this motivation :p
User 2:  . happy birthday fgt 
User 1: ae thanks bro 
User 2: what scene
User 1: nothing much . drank shit ton last night . breezy today . must get ready for tomorrow's photoshoot so just prep for that
User 2: wowow
User 1: ae damn cute
User 2: not my smile tho 
User 1: dude i have lost so much weight and it shows
User 2: yeah true . u look nice tho . guess my weight now after i fell sick . fuckinf 40 .8 xd
User 1: i lost 5kgs too . going for class party ?
User 2: i went . i'll be heading back now tho . dude it's raining like mad
User 1: haha good enough nice . hahaha . stayy
User 2: we cant even go to the beach . power has gone out too . i wish . but its damn small also
User 1: ohh . lol
User 2: not enough place for everyone to sleep
User 1: fuck it: p
User 2: like three rooms
User 1: no one sleeps ? ?
User 2: haan
User 1: we had two rooms 
User 2: hahaha
User 1: bro stay i'm telling you
User 2: i have two absents already
User 1: and zero more sems to go
User 2:  . i got back xd . man the rain fucked up the whole vibe . it poured
User 1: that's sucks :l . atleast you left haha
User 2: dude four of us shared one umbrella . bad scene
User 2: dude our party got raided last night . three hour police check
User 1: what did they find
User 2: they didnt find . cause they flushed it down . but they took pics and all of everyone . allowed only fifteen ppl to stay
User 1: wtf  . rest ? . and why only those
User 2: they roamed around until the check was done . so till two o clock basically . roamed around in vehicles . u have lab eight codes ?
User 1: bro i have three lands incomplete
User 2: kinda same tbh . where are u doing dcc from ?
User 1: text book only bro . it's too hard
User 2: wttff . no slides ?
User 1: in the latest lecture she gave some cfg remember ? . s - np vp . etc . so i think it's from that cfg
User 2: oh ok ok . not in syllabus right ?
User 1: don't knwo . i'm doing thag chapter only
User 2: heyy . do u have syllabus for any subject ? . have u started studying yet ? 
User 1: haha broni don't know post sessional for any subject . yep . today was a hiccup tho  . partial toh is there on your group anywau
User 2: why what happened . assignment syllabus u mean ?
User 1: sessionals .  . and heavy antibiotics
User 2: wtf why are u doing this to yourself
User 1: no the combination is fine
User 2: i dont even have alcohol when i'm on antibiotics
User 1: i'm just giving you reasons why i was slow today lol
User 2: no
User 1: oh fuck no . i'm not drinking a sip dw . alcohol and antibiotics is the problem . not the other
User 2: why antibiotics ? . cant be for your hand no
User 1: arre bro i can still get an infection no . lotta flesh was exposed no
User 2: ohh fuck ok
User 1: i thought it would living . but i can't find one tho because vbg can be living and to live (mostly) . but rest seem perfect  . if you get an answer tell me
User 2: what's the other tag for living ? . only one tag is wrong in each sentence
User 1: what is it with present continuous .  ? . like the tag . ik . bro everything seemed fine . 3rd is a hard one i guess :
User 2: vbg only is present continuous right . what else can we have ? . adjective ? . noun ? like gerundive ?
User 1: gerund is: to live
User 2: i think that's called infinitive . not ground . gerund . gerund is ing form i think
User 1: oh sorry yeah my bad . but, what's the problem in the 3rd one !
User 2: even idk lol xd want to put it up on the group ?
User 1: yes bro
User 2: or i'll ask madhav one min
User 1: yes please
User 2: dude he's not sure either . he says it's either . have . or . living
User 1: have is verb because you are having a friend right . so it's action
User 2: yes
