User 1: satwikkaaa
User 2: yessss whats uppp
User 1: maal dilado
User 2: theres a roll its decent there some buds and chura and its like decent quantity too
User 1: how much tho and how spiked?
User 2: not spiked at all
User 1: ?
User 2: theres no good rolls dude
User 1: tell me the place
User 2: shambhavi palace my house five hundred and three its a 1k roll
User 1: cool
User 2: are you coming to pickup the roll  my friends like hell put more chura if you want
User 1: i'll come after class at 5:30? nice thanksss
User 2: okayyyyy
User 1: also are you pushing only five hundred rolls?
User 2: 1k rolllsss
User 1: haha alright other
User 2: are you coming to take it tho ?
User 1: yeah i'll come after class
User 2: okayyyy cools shambhavi palace five hundred and three
User 1: bri
User 2: whatsup
User 1: you got a roll?
User 2: im in hashtag rn ill find out if theres any rolls available and let you know ?
User 1: but what's the scebe thanks 
User 2: go to five hundred and fourteen ring the bell
User 1: bro i'm in the deetee area : i was hoping shambhavu
User 2: tell them youre my friend and youre there to pick a roll from bansal fuck after deetee then ?
User 1: yes where!
User 2: pragatiiii
User 1: only there? can we come?
User 2: yess the rolls are in pragati five hundred and fourteen
User 1: not shambhavi?
User 2: arre no are you drunk or what im coming to deetee in a bit im in hashtag rn  the rolls are in pragati only
User 1: okayyy yesss hey i got from issaq? let me just know the number to tez
User 2: missed voice call 91 seventy thousand, one hundred and seventy sixty thousand, five hundred and seventy-eight can you tez it to this number
User 1: yep thanks
User 2: heyy did you tez it ?
User 1: not yet but i gave arav the number and he has the money
User 2: okayy
User 1: it's been debited. butnyour friend hasn't received it should not take a while
User 2: okayyy
User 1: can he send it to you
User 2: yeah sureee
User 1: bro can i go to five hundred and fourteen again :p
User 2: yes you can go pick it up
User 1: bro i don't think anyone is there
User 2: they didnt open the door ?
User 1: nope
User 2: got it ?
User 1: thankss
User 2: no problemmm
User 1: hey my friend is sending you some money please send it to shubh
User 2: doneee
User 1: bro i keep asking shubh be keeps saying he doesn't have a roll do you know anyone else?
User 2: my friends getting pot in thirty min i thinkkk
User 1: sort keep me updated :p bro i need my charger
User 2: i left it on the couchhhh in the morningg the door was open
User 1: found it! thankss
User 2: yasss
User 1: hey where are you
User 2: i just got home im picking the roll right now
User 1: alright alright
User 2: come down heyyyy are you home ?
User 1: i mean i'm going back home from the airport :p i'll reach in thirty mins what's up
User 2: oh damnnnn haha no i wanted some tobeee
User 1: oh there's not tob in 405 i'm getting it :p
User 2: i didnt wanna go all the way to adarsh so i was gonna ask if you had a cig  ah damn  okay peace peace
User 1: come in a bit yeah
User 2: its okayy we went and bought already  heyyy do you guys have ocb ? 
