User 1: broo
User 2: come around seven hundred and thirty to the petrol pump
User 1: ok did you take the cash? just keep it safely please in an envelope happy birthday bro
User 2: thanks man 
User 1: heyy how are you ?
User 2: hey man
User 1: how have you been? hows college?
User 2: peace af i'm back here only in the vacations right?
User 1:  yep how come youre back rn?
User 2: bhai meri bhi vacation hi hai
User 1: arey waah lets meet all of us
User 2: batata hu have too many wedding related errands yaar
User 1: ahahaha maru famm 
User 2: tomorrow night bombay cartel don't forget
User 1: sure
User 2: bro please send your if proof
User 1: why bro?
User 2: for the hotel. or the ferry i think
User 1: bro i wont be able to make it; have a family wedding to attend here too. so sorry!
User 2:  when isnit
User 1: ya man 29th! parents have to go to rajasthan for another wedding
User 2: 28th come chill and then go at night to mumbai.
User 1: let me have word with dad and i ll get back to you
User 2: yass coming today na
User 1: no bro wont be able to so sorry!
User 2: ek function to aja
User 1: bro i myself have been attending functions since yesterday possible hota toh would have come for both the days man im so sorry
User 2: chal theek hai  hey man. i'm so sorry i couldn't wish you yesterday i actually fractured two bones so was busy with hospital work full day happy belated birthday 
User 1: how? thankyou so muchhh
User 2: slipped very awkwardly in the shower
User 1: who were you showering with?
User 2: akela bhai
User 1: kya yaar
User 2: akela only when i fell. didn't say about other times
User 1: arey waah
User 2: coming today right?
User 1: i dont think so when did you come back in town?
User 2: two days ago man come no
User 1: not well brah meet me this week or so
User 2: arre
User 1: its been forever
User 2: yep cool for sure
User 1: we ll go for chicken
User 2: you tell me when you dont have work
User 1: or whatever it is youve started eating now
User 2: gotta respect ramzan
User 1: i dont have work
User 1: meet me toms afternoon? like by 4?
User 2: chal cool
User 1: cool
User 2: bro ask to nahi ho payega i'm too baked rn  also i spoke to sanitra, like called her too. even she's down with viral you two get fine and then we'll catch up ya?
User 1: cool
User 2: hey bro
User 1: asshole where the f you been yet in manipal?
User 2: i've been good. post breakup clarity. tell me about you, definitely my fault we haven't met in so long. kafi nashe  haan bro last sem
User 1: kaunse nashe kar rahe ho? why did you breakup?
User 2: iske baad dekhte hai
User 1: update mee
User 2: i'm actually sorry arre man she broke up with me because of my "insecurities" but she cheated on me with the first guy and is currently dating the second one so i kinda won that argument and break up:p anyway text me tomorrow and happy diwali to you and faiz again
User 1: arey fuck what a bitch go fuck her best friend
User 2: hafte mai kab free hai
User 1: tere liye kabhi bhi
User 2: haat bc tumlog kaam karne wale log ho. i'm done with my education so pura free hi baitha hu toh batadio
User 1: done w college?
User 2: haan bhai engineering ne finally chod diya dikshita ki tarah
User 1: hahaha now what plans?
User 2: nassshheeeee no jk already bahut hogaye i'm mostly starting a job in bangalore in january. just trying to keep options open for now let's seeee when did you last meet sanitra i spoke to her about meeting as welll
User 1: chutya cant stick your ass in mumbai? idk maybe when school ended
User 2: the office is there here too, i told my parents nahi milega idhar :p what 
User 1: ya bro
User 2: bc six saal hogaye
User 1: haan be tu kar kya raha hain aaj kal chal now that you drink lets meet for drinks or so bhenchod we used to be so close before you left for manipal but we re all glad what it did to you
User 2: "now that you drink" oh bro you gonna get a shock after looking at my last sem transformation hint: it's not a good one 
User 1: what new nasha did you start chut you left alc?
User 2: ae aisa kuch nahi. sab thode busy hogaye. par koi ni. chalo sharabeeee  you relax man
User 1: bhai tu bol kiya kya tune
User 2: terese zyada piyuga bc
User 1: lauda le mera aur naach
User 2: sab catch up karege. let's leave few things for the drunk convos hahahhaha  inshallah
User 1:  lmk when do you want to meet
User 2: yep yep week night is fine right?
User 1: yea man
User 2: chal cool i'll hit you uppp tomorrow night babe?
User 1: what donyou wanna do
User 2: drink enough that i can't drive back and have wholesome conversations 
User 1: time?
User 2: what time do mumbaikars start drinking at? manipal mai toh 5pm se chalu karna padta hai so  anytime is fine
User 1: broo
User 2: sup
User 1: whats the scene
User 2: in for anything you decide the place idk stuff here
User 1: bro i ll tell you in some
User 2: cool cool
User 1: tofay doesnt seem possible br bro damn sorry
User 2: damnnn koi ni i'm here only batadio kabhi bhi also you can't come to the bachelor trip at all???
User 1: bhai next whenever im free in the evening i llc all yoi have to be at an engagement bro
User 2: even dand is leaving earlyyyy try karle
User 1: why be
User 2: his dad's one month
User 1: damn bro you want me to set you up w a friend of mine?
User 2: i'm bouncing from mumbai and on a serious note i don't think i'm ready to date.... but not on a serious note, naam toh bata :p but hey new friends are always welcome!
User 1: to hookup chut why tf you bouncing from mumbai idk
User 2: ooooo yeah idm going on dates haha bro i'm done with this city. i'll try to make this my vacation city at least for the near future kinda seeing someone like this from manipal whose from here only :p
User 1: hahaha wonder why
User 2: bolna tu  ew.
User 1: broo wyd today??
User 2: i have plans aaj. tomorrow is the only day i'm free before the bachelor trip . kal idm
User 1: kya bhai itna kya kar raha hain tu
User 2: meeting friends i haven't met in the longest time today. then doing acid with my girl then going to sleep the entire day after acid and then the trip 
User 1: acidd???
User 2: lsd
User 1: are you for real!!!??  ya bc im going to buy this shit
User 2: swot analysis kiya hai drugs ka 
User 1: lauda meea mera
User 2: happy new yearr
User 1: happy new year bro
