User 1: happy birthdayy have a sick1, go all out boi  miss ya  . i tried calling but you didnt answer
User 2: i'm so drunk you have no idea . thanks 
User 1: hahhahahahha . welcome . buddy . inshallah . where are you
User 2: hello . i'll be free only at night . tomorrow night bombay cartel don't forget
User 1: i hope i can come . my moms not allowing cause exams are on
User 2: tell her it's not birthday ka, it's wedding related so it won't look good if you don't go
User 1: hahah i told her its wedding baba
User 2: tryy . i'm going to set monil up . you have to see
User 1: i wantt to . see . ill . hopefully . hi jenny . im sorry i dont think i can come . i have this ss exam tomorrow which i didnt even know of till like today afternoon lol . anyway give me the details later  . have fun . loads of love to your sissyy
User 2: fu
User 1: haww . im trying to be nice here mister ! . i dont usually say all that if im not coming
User 2:  . sakshi ka kya attitude hai be . i don't know her so can't even say anything . bc phook kar behti rehti hai pura din
User 1: hahahhaha . stop typing so much in hindi
User 2: manipal has tainted me for life dude . kaha igcse mai the
User 1: i can understand . it happens . but dont forget your roots my child
User 2: acha but we're meeting right ?
User 1: yes . 8-8:30 tak . im studying now . havent done shit . im ortho . in . 
User 2: even i'm studying  . that's why i want to know the exact time . so i can allocate time accordingly . these people are not coordinating properly only
User 1: yeah i know that feeling . 8:30 . tak study . you stay close by anyway
User 2: no other choice
User 1: ive so fucking much . to study
User 2: we'll leave by 9:15
User 1: as in
User 2: from there to go home and study
User 1: by the time everyone comes itll be nine
User 2: where are you
User 1: send me the brownie guy number na . thanks
User 2: you're free today na
User 1: yes
User 2: shailly was saying we'll smoke up
User 1: jenny they went . to wadi
User 2: shailly so
User 1: huh
User 2: shailly also ?
User 1: she also went . yes
User 2: lol . rip
User 1: humaid monil maaz shailly . farhan . hahahha
User 2: dand
User 1: you wanna stone ? . yes he also . lets stone
User 2: idm . i'm bored
User 1: let me see if i can figure some stash . but im sleepy also
User 2: we'll meet by seven
User 1: fine
User 2: send id proof
User 1: this proof should only . be w you . if you misuse it
User 2: mashallah what a beauty
User 1: hhahahha . bitch . jenny . i have my psm paper on 28th . can you imagine
User 2: wtf . come on 29th then many people are invited for that onky too . so just come after paper whenever possible
User 1: ya so i think ill leave right after the paper . itll be in the morning only
User 2: cool cool . happiest birthday . you're lucky your sister's wedding is going on nahi toh aaj bhi gandi lagti .  . how are the functions going
User 1: heyy . thanks jenny . hahhahah . good . listen have you invited farhan ? . i think you should
User 2: then i'll have to call sakshi also
User 1: who said
User 2: and all the rooms have been allotted
User 1: how are you allotting us the rooms
User 2: all my friends are in one villa . max capacity . and multiple smaller rooms aren't available to accommodate y'all if i call anyone else . and even if i do call, he will know it was because of courtesy . doesn't look nice
User 1: see he wont care so much firstly and you can only call him he will come . since you have chilled w him so it doesnt look nice if you dont call . sakshi is fine cause you havent really chilled w her . like its your call but you consider if you can
User 2: dude i don't know how to put it man . itna chill nahi kiya hai . how to explain .
User 1: thike . i thought you mustve
User 2: i didn't even call sanitra for alibaug . she got only 29th ka invite
User 1: oh shit
User 2: not 28-29
User 1: i was looking forward . to meet her . o . nice
User 2: she can't make it on 29th also lol
User 1: oh god . you idiot
User 2: what
User 1: you told malav . malaika told you . about salina . sakina
User 2: no
User 1: you thick o what . in your brain . you didnt have to say ! . theyre not a thing ! . malaika just called me . and said why did you tell jenit . im like what
User 2: i told him that i found at about what he did at malaikas party . 
User 1: are you mad
User 2: plus i didn't even tell malav
User 1: malaikas party mein . nothing happened !
User 2: i told a mutual friend 
User 1: who
User 2: that's what he said  . i was like okay . zahra
User 1: youre mad ya . jenit . malav is aagams bestfriene . friend  . who is mals boyfriend . thats how she knew . and then she told me
User 1: and i told you and you df . malav is mad at malaika now . and aagam
User 2: i'll talk to malav
User 1: and you took her name . no . dont tell him anything more
User 2: ha . idk anything more
User 1: like tell him i got to know thru sakinas some mutual .  . idiot . anything i tell you . any damn thing . it should just stay w you . imagine she legit called me rn . to tell me this . that to she called thrice . i didnt see
User 2: man i'm sorry .  . i'll take care of malav and tell to chill the f out . apologise to malaika from my end, truly
User 1: shes vv mad at you . and no . tell him that sakinas one mutual told you . you shouldnt have named her . its a mess now . her boyfriend is mad at her  . cause hes his v close friend
User 2: i told him exactly that i know that you hooked up with her at malaikas party and he said he didn't do it then . that's the only time i took her name .
User 1: idk . shit man . why would you tell him but . you shouldnt have man . i said hook up . people who hook up are not official jenny
User 2: i sorted it with malav
User 1: and they dont want others to know
User 2: bro side note, this actually hurt me because thoda bro code violation so that's the only reason i spoke to him . last time i spoke to him was last summer 
User 1: ya i get that . but since you arent a close friend and there are a few options only for hook ups . you should understand and let go
User 2: good way to put sakina  . true true . i'm sorry
User 1: thanks  . but im still mad at you . i didnt know you were that dumb
User 2: wedding time bro, go easy on me
User 1: fine . silly
User 2: what's up
User 1: hey . thank you so much, it was a lovely wedding
User 1: where are you
User 2: jijus place
User 1: okay
User 2: after this i'll go back home and something over there
User 1: getting down . oh okay
User 2: y'all are meeting now ?
User 1: not all of us . let me know in the night tho . if i can get down ill come see you
User 2: alright cool
User 1: yes
User 2: proud ?
User 1: obv . youre here ?
User 2: 9th girl
User 1: o nicee
User 2: bro can't you get your practicals shifted by writing a letter
User 1: i really cant . do that . i want to come man
User 2: bro dikshita fucked off during exams and went to sri lanka  in the middle only . i feel they can at least change your batch or some . thing
User 1: im in the first batch mostly
User 2: aiyo  . okay so the dates or not fixed or time ?
User 1: 24th or 25th will . itll be there . date is fixed idk which batch ill be in . first or second
User 2: who are you going with . for the meetup
User 1: im not going w anyone aisa . but divit is coming . and now even maaz wants to come . well go together ?
User 2: chal done
User 1: behn ke lode
User 2: see you can find any clean itinerary . show your brother that . ask him to talk to dad no . or tell it's humaids
User 1: im gonna talk to dad first . i spoke to mom
User 2: dad said no ? 
User 1: yeah man . sorry jenny . i was talking to shailly . quite a heated argument . i woke up cause she called
User 2: everything is decided no . bas . i just wanted to book asap so that people relax a bit
User 1: yeah
User 2: if you know your roll number is twenty-seven why aren't you just saying so that youre in batch one on the group
User 1: cause the batches . didnt come out yet . im not mad . and who tf is spreading this rumor
User 2: we know
User 1: i didnt want to unnecessarily say it and then make a fool out of myself . if by chance im not in the first batch . when the batches come out ill say it,
User 2: how much should we delay for you you only say . mi zostel will also go . already kasol zostel is gone
User 1: what can i do ! ? ! ? . kasol hosteller we were booking . not zostel
User 2: my friend suggested this after monil said it's booked
User 1: and my batch should come latest by tomorrow or tuesday if it doesnt then just book it . and i wont be traveling alone for eight hours . if that isnt obv
User 2: you write on the group this thing so that people can calm down a bit because this is frustrating everyone
User 1: the reason im not saying anything cause i cant have pointless convos w hyper people . no
User 2: they'll become less hyper if you give a deadline otherwise give me one good reason why shouldn't they sit on your head and keep asking you
User 1: listen hopefully i am getting done on 24th
User 2: this don't write . write this
User 1: what deadline
User 2: that you'll know for sure by tuesday about your dates so we can book mi
User 1: im saying this . its not confirm . im saying it cause of the previous years pattern like one week before exams they give us the batches . and honestly jenny . i dont want anyone to waste a night either . like no shit . you up ? . since you jain af
User 2: sup . tell . whose car are we taking then
User 1: why cant i get thru you . can you please take yours
User 2: dada has taken mine . you have to get yours
User 1: dude i cant ! . take another car no . hahahha . sah weird
User 2: mayur sending you a friend request
User 1: hahahahha . that keeps me going . shh . whats up . how was your version of the trip . hey . are you okay ?
User 2: nope
User 1: what happened  ?
User 2: dikshita broke up with me . i don't know how permanent . but mostly permanent
User 1: but why suddenly . what went wrong ?
User 2: since last sem . man i don't want to talk about it on text . i'll tell you when we meet . damn depressing
User 1: okay . just calm down
User 2: can't . don't know what to feel
User 1: listen break ups happen . its alright . you guys will find a way . back to each other . if its really meant to be . i know its easy to say and its a huge thing . but you gotta be strong jenny . shell come around . try to communicate
User 2: that's not a problem she said let's stay best friends . she basically said i don't love you the way you do . and blah blah . let college start man . nothing can be done from here
User 1: true . when is it starting ?
User 2: i'll meet her on the 22nd
User 1: oh okay . how are you  ?
User 2: hi . i don't know man she's acting confusing . like we're talking normally but don't know if we'll get back together
User 1: what she saying
User 2: very humaid shailly situation
User 1: are any of you getting engaged ? . or married ? . or muslim ? . so no .
User 2: i meant the friends thing but okay . don't overact
User 1: damn son . im just trying to make you laugh . or knock some sense
User 2: yep completely missed that
User 1: look . give her the space she needs . till you go there . then sort it out
User 2: dude . that's what i'm not understanding . see i know the politics to play since everyone taught me that . but the thing is that we still just texting normally . and in the morning also she sent the first text . so like i don't understand how to keep the distance
User 1: its simple af . just reply normally to the texts . dont try initiating convos . and just be breezy
User 2: elaborate
User 1: she may start being clingy if she is one of those girls . then also be like bleh . for instance ill text you hey good morning . say hi morning . and dont reply . quickly . take your time
User 2: yep know this
User 1: distract yourself . stop using yep ew . just behave normal and dont start on the breakup topic . if she asks whereabouts dont reply instantly . and use was out instead of giving proper deets . oh god you dont know how to be breezy at all
User 2: cool . breezy enough ?
User 1: yes . good . youre learning
User 2: cool
User 1: dont be breezy w me ill eat you alive
User 2:  thanks aafu
User 1: anytime jenny 
User 2: when you coming back
User 1: im back
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: why would you text and delete
User 2: i wanted to talk . then i realised you were sleeping
User 1: oh okay
User 2: last night was very bad . very
User 1: what happened ?
User 2: i'll tell later . i'm driving now
User 1: you wanna meet in some ?
User 2: before college ?
User 1: yes
User 2: where
User 1: freeway  ?
User 2: yes
User 1: cool
User 2: how much time
User 1: give me 15 . i just woke up when i texted you
User 2: i'm at stairs
User 1: cool coming
User 2: maaz and i are here
User 1: hey
User 2: better . slept on it and diverted m y mine . mind
User 1: good . dont reply . stay busy . divert your mind
User 2: yeah i found shit to do . i'll do
User 1: great . and im always here . look its her loss and if she was really accustomed to you shell come back . but dont try communicating from your side, never reveal all your feelings jenny people are cruel . theyll use it against you . when youre weak
User 2: yeah man i'm too innocent for the world . fucking bitches out there . must be more careful
User 1: yeah thats what . where are you now
User 2: home
User 1: when you leaving
User 2: 3:45 . can you meet now
User 1: not rn but in some
User 2: comee
User 1: where
User 2: stairs
User 1: i cant come rn no ones home . and maids cleaning
User 2: what time will that get done by
User 1: twenty mins
User 2: come then
User 1: yass . im giving a shit rn
User 2: bro it's official . like dikshita and i are definitely over . friends that also down the line . she really doesn't want to date me . aaj wo clearly samjhai . and that's not going change for sure . so that's that
User 1: fuck i was just gonna text you ! . wtf was this ! . but oh no . why . did you talk to her what went wrong ? . listen the trash is taking itself out . dont ruin things
User 2: she really just wanted to concentrate on her life and really believes that we are not right for each other
User 1: oh so she took that long to realize . but thats how people are
User 2: exactly
User 1: they want something to just not feel that lonely and then when they think they can survive without it or they need some change they will just come up w the stupidest reason and leave
User 2: none words are truer
User 1: i know jenny . i know how it is . but you know what its good . never regret it or count it as a waste of time . it taught you things
User 2: even i'm convinced that she is not coming back so i'll try to move on and see if we can be friends down the line . yes
User 1: just take the good memories and look forward to better ones
User 2: i guess
User 1: honestly being friends is not a good option . especially when youre the one w feelings
User 2: thing is it can't be worse so might as well try lok
User 1: like even if you have little feelings for her . its gonna be fucked up . to watch her move on . or have fun . or not talk to you that often . every damn thing youll notice . if youre friends w her
User 2: oh i asked her today she's already moved on since she had been confused for so long . she just hasn't gotten rid of the routine part
User 1: oh so she did have this at the back of her head . you gotta do it before she does
User 2: it started when i threatened that guy . let's see
User 1: how long ago was this ?
User 2: march
User 1: wtf . pretty dense chic . but anyway whats done is done
User 2: she's too immature for me that's true
User 1: life is much much much more than this crap . obv . im proud of you
User 2: onto the next one !
User 1: hahahahah . no but seriously im proud of you . you actually were in it for the long run and that takes courage . like you accepted her flaws and you loved her . and that is why my boy it is her lost . loss . you focus on building your life and chill and have fun . and im always here if you wanna talk
User 2: thank you aafu
User 1: anytime df 
User 2: you know how a sugarcane guy crushes ice with that screwdriver thing . i feel that ice rn lol rip
User 1: oh no . why did you ask for so much details . the more you try to be a friend the more you know whats going on, the more itll hurt you cause maybe she really she wanted the break . whos the guy ?
User 2: the guy i threatened !
User 1: whutt . she mental my buoy
User 2: she wants to get her old friends back so she took him out to sort it out . not date
User 1: yeah i got that . its that phase of hers where shes gonna enjoy being single
User 2: mkl
User 1:  . happy birthday jenny  have an amazing day and super sex bomb year ahead  see you soon xoxo
User 2: sex i hope . two thousand and nineteen toh dry lag raha hai . dekhte hai . thanks love 
User 1: koi nahi . jab aayega toh chappad phad ke aayega . tu thand rakh
User 2: true bhai ki tarah boli . g1
User 1: hahah im the bhai . but hows everything else going ? . hows your mental health
User 2: so much calmer . the  keeping it god
User 1: thaz noice
User 2: thank you for a beautiful year with you . looking forward to the next ine
User 1: aw me too . missed group video call . jenny ! . where you at
User 2: hello aafu . sorry . i just woke up
User 1: jenny ya
User 2: who all were therree
User 1: it was just shailly and me . but in our respective houses
User 2: she also texted me :')
User 1: just a video call
User 2: you deleted this message
User 1: actually . i wanted to ask
User 2: hi beauties
User 1: hi beauties . thanks man . i got ya
User 2: arre i thought i sent twice 
User 1: hahahah
User 2: tel
User 1: you have any friend in pune o what . im here at my sisters without any  . and i was naturally craving
User 2: like that  . chal i'll ask around but the only person i know there won't know  . well duh ?
User 1: fuck of . it  .  . whatta typo . its fine now . whats up
User 2:  . hello
User 1: imma call you in a bit lets video call tonight
User 2: chalo we'll catch up both ways . batte toh kafi hai hamesha . gossip
User 1: ekdum sahi . you know khalid is getting engaged . on 14th nov
User 2: oh bc aur mera two thousand and nineteen dry hai
User 1: he called me to formally invite and i was like omg kitna bada hogaya . hahahhahaha . wet toh faiz aur tibah ki shaadi thi
User 2: oye
User 1: bolo
User 1: you did ! . omg
User 2:  . bt khatam
User 1: hahhahahahha hahahahha . how was it !
User 2: hahahhaha yeah this is aapptestt
User 1: dedd
User 2: where are youu . ha say sorry
User 1: were going to bandra . shailly me and babes . you wanna come ?
User 2: for whatt
User 1: chillin what else . itll be decorated . bol na . aayega ? hai himmat ?
User 2: whenn
User 1: three o clock
User 2: shailly is driving no
User 1: no you got your car ? . if you dont wanna drive someone else will
User 2: what scene
User 1: khube is coming
User 2: cool
User 1: youre so dumb . jenit . youre so fucking dumb . why did you say that on the group . df . well its fine actually . sup jenny . where are you
User 2: chembur what's up
User 1: oh . what you doing whats your scene . oh okay . dont scare me
User 2: she's not bad okay
User 1: happy new yeat
User 2: happy new year
User 1: jenny
User 2: ha jaan
User 1: can you please go on 12th . stay na for my birthday
User 2: arre i have to settle in a new city and then work starts from 13th that's why i booked for saturday . that's why won't be able to postpone .  . idm meeting before leaving . if you're in town in the morning
User 1: obv . ya fine . that toh well meet only
User 2: or like 10tb night at 12 !
User 1: ya ya . i just havent tripped w you guys man and i thought i will but now everyones going
User 2: who else is  . yeah we had to had turntt . we'll trip some day 
User 1: so divit is going youre going khubeb is saying no cause hes been going out too often . monil humaid idk yet . oh ya right
User 2: oue
User 1: hi
User 2: haat bc
User 1: wth . tune kahan reply kiya . chut
User 2: tujhe bhi gali deni chaiye thi
User 1:  . yedi
User 2: sup
User 1: hate you
User 2: why do all girls start with such messages . ab toh aadat hogayi hai
User 1: hahahahhahaha . gand ke andhe . why didnt you pick up when i called you first
User 2: i literally texted you in two mins . did you reach back home noow ?
User 1: hii ! im celebrating my 21st birthday at lonavala this weekend 11th - 12th . byobstash and get your permissions sorted . no you didnt . i called you way before . im at the parlor now
User 2: man which one . i need to get my eyebrows donee
User 1: hahahha . chal ill take you . to sonia
User 2: thats only girls na
User 1: ya . it is
User 2: smh . fu
User 1: you really wanna ?
User 2: when have i ever joked regarding this
User 1: hahaha okay . mazgaon will have some . place . if you really wanna i can talk to sonia
User 2: no thanks then lol be the only cute boi there who is straight
User 1: hahahha . thats what you think
User 2: arree . i seriously need to get bht . we going to play cricket lol
User 1: i told you  ! . oho . who all . hit monil from my side . and give a kick to humaid . much love . xoxo
User 2: nahi mere dost hai . teri tarah nahi
User 1: k
