User 1: are you up
User 2: ssup
User 1: can you please go to dikshitas room and talk to her . she is going crazy
User 2: why ? what happened . she just went from my room
User 1: related to all this only . she's assuming too much
User 2: like
User 1: recently in fact . yeah discuss . go if you can na
User 2: u first tell . let me see if it's valid
User 1: it is . otherwise i would not ask you
User 2: toh tell na  . i really don't see anything that happened as such
User 1: chale jao plis
User 2: jenit . i know her . if i go down she'll be like nothing happened
User 1: actually . chod
User 2: so u give context first
User 1: nothing chodo now
User 2:  . pretty sick . and im sorry to say, i was v disappointed with her that day
User 1: stay over ?
User 2: idk if it's because of all this or what, but she also has changed or god knows what
User 1: i feel she is going into a shell
User 2: atleast talk to the people u want to na . like wtf . i was dam cut up that day . so i just stopped trying
User 1: she feels like everyone is taking nethraas side and all which might not be true so she is distancing herself from everyone
User 2: shell definitely have her own side to it, and obviously ull have to believe her . but as a third person i feel it's not fair . to judge everyone based on a situation which others haven't been victim to . dude common . what is this side business idk . we bloody can't just stop talking . she is a good friend to us and hasn't done anything to us . we can't just stop hanging out with her just because some 3rd person doesn't like her . and it's not like sriya and upach also don't talk to dik, they do very very properly . dikshita makes her self feel like an outsider when nethraa is there by not taking part in the convo . yeah like i really felt i wud have done better on my own, but courtesy sakes and the fact that she's a good friend, i din say anything
User 1: i agree to each and every point you just said
User 2: can u please tell me , i really want to know
User 1: i shouted at her also rn . just rn . i told her i'm not even going to listen to her vent because she's being stupid . whatever you said that only . that assuming she's not wanted and all
User 2: ugh , its a mental block . she has to be strong man . and . what did she tell u about the stay over
User 1: i told her all these things now only . she said that day she just didn't feel like talking
User 2: some five minutes she stayed and she assumes all this
User 1: nothing else . it's being going for a while
User 2: yea she shudnt have come up then . simply spoilt my mood also
User 1: and y'all were talking about the trips and photo shoot and all that she want invited (she thinks) so yeah . i know
User 2: never have i missed sriya  so much . fucking if u need to play pubjee u can do that downstairs . and i was legit trying to study also that day but she was playing
User 1: just understand that she's thoda on the edge rn and take her shit for a bit . i know
User 2: i really got dam pissed . and i just went to sleep . and then next morning
User 1: understandable
User 2: i asked her for lunch . she said no
User 1: i'm trying my best to talk sense to her
User 2: i was like fine i'll go and come and i thought shell stay till i come . and then when i came back . bloody she din even shut my door and she had left . again got pissed . gosh that photo shoot was something sriya n upach did and trip was just some future plans man . and if she isn't even here half the time . how doesn't she expect herself to get included in the topics of discussion . like 8am-11pm ur in class and pp . suddenly u come up for five mins . and u expect things to make sense ? any person would be lost
User 1: you've never made more sense . it's just that rn i'm telling her that it's not just her, others are also getting affected . and that she needs to talk to you properly to figure out whatever is going on
User 2: and she's not that type of person wholl intrude and ask what's happening, so definitely she won't understand shit
User 1: she's saying that she's never been in so much social drama so she doesnt know how to deal with it . such nonsense so even i got pissed
User 2: i don't see anyone getting affected, bcoz tbh nothing is going on . whatever is going on is going on in her head . atleast i'm not going to go all the way to ask her n all . if she wants to speak or whatever i'm always there . i've tried my bit and if she still feels the same way i really can't do anything  . and for whatever reasons i'm not going to stop talking to nethraa for such trivial reasons . and if that stands as a criteria  for her being friends with others, then ultimately it's just you, jenit, for her . after the stay over day, i've realized i can't do anything . she was way too insensitive ( don't know if it's the right word) and it actually really infuriated me . and i've stopped trying from that day
User 1: don't blame you . i just shouted at her and i'm done with her cribbing until she decides to do something about it . only with you . idc for any friendships except yours and her's rn . and ya, don't try
User 2: previous day also i asked her for waffles n all,and some bullshit she said .but ultimately i took her with me thinking i've not spent time with her . but it was all in vain . some formality friendship i don't want to have
User 1: if you're important enough she'll come to you . okay it's not formality . dw . it's just that she is in a messed up place . her fault . just give her time . nothing else .
User 2: please help her with it
User 1: yes
User 2: and if need be you can send her this convo . doesn't bother me . even if i come off as rude or not understanding her situation, doesn't matter . it's legit the truth
User 1: she said she'll talk to you tomorrow because rn her head is hurting or whatever other excuse she has . just wait it out .
User 2: i hope you chilled in goa and din bother urself with this bullshit . 
User 1: delete this message, i'll let you know samnese if she isn't willing to do anything . you deserve to know that . then you can do anything and it will be valid . mat bolo aisa 
User 2: which message . good tatoo though xd
User 1:  . daruu
User 2: do u realize, if she doesn't do anything, she'll legit have no one other than u and maybe her kshtij . that guy also seems shady, but whatever their good friends
User 1: i have already told her everything you told me tonight before you told me . and she's getting pissed that i'm forcing her to do all this but i don't feel bad because it's necessary . she knows that only she can handle it now . first half
User 2:  . whatever lol
User 1: chalo i'm sleeping . please go easy on our friend . she's is in that self destructing part of her life . it will pass .
User 2: i'm toh normal only lol . you take it light xd . good night
User 1: pyar hai . kaise light lu
User 2: jj
User 1: sup
User 2: so dik came
User 1: ha . and ?
User 2: fuck dude she started crying so much . i felt to bad
User 1: divya don't feel bad . i hope everything is chill between yall . but you feeling bad is just bad . just get it sorted and that's all
User 2: dude i've never seen her cry like that
User 1: phur bhul jak
User 2: why
User 1: you didn't tell me anything about the crying . dikshita was unconsciously a 
User 2: lol . but yea then . i told her whatever i told h . and told her to stop assuming shit . and be stronger
User 1: we both love you . hehe
User 2: and she said she'll be more normal and herself . and then it was chill . normal talk
User 1: good girls
User 2: yea . and she was like she doesn't know why saurak n paarth dont talk to her . but i told her clearly that she shud never expect that all of us stop talking to nethraa n all . so she says she understood . hopefully she did
User 1: please don't ditch her for dinner
User 2: dude . i don't think i can go before dinner . i'm really not in a state . need someone to go with me . but . upach n all are on dik ka side
User 1: good enough . sober up we'll tomorrow
User 2: yea . we all told nethraa . that what agrim did was wrong . and even she agrees
User 1: great
User 2: just went and chilled with dik . everything is fine 
User 1: you won't have to put up with us, and vice versa . whatever happened yesterday could've been conveyed to you in a much better way, and my intention wasn't to hurt you . i just think that you and jenit made it very evident that you didn't want to be friends with us after the drama last sem so i think it's for the best if instead of awkwardness and need for fakeness, we just accept that we're all unrelated now . if you felt bad about what i did yesterday, i'm sorry for not handling it better . i didn't know parth had called you over . hope you can understand that i'm only doing this to put an end to any unnecessary drama that would've happened over time . agrim sent dikshita this . why is he saying 'us' except nethraa dikshita is talking to everyone . i didn't even step inside four hundred and fourteen
User 2: i think us means neths and agrim . atleast he apologized
User 1: doesnt matter honestly . he is no one to tell anyone to fuck off . when except two people everyone was fine with dikshita . this is how dikshkta and i get treated when we try to do something right . what to do now . also what werenyou supposed to tell dikshita . tell me also hehe . break mai
User 2: when where . i have nothing to say
User 1: arre some goasip
User 2: i went to her room and told her all that i know
User 1: tell me plis ?
User 2: jj u'll feel nice  knowing this
User 1: sup
User 2: everyone is pissed at agrim for doing what he did . their respect has gone a little down . and whoever they see him they'll all remember what he did to dik . whenever
User 1: it chill
User 2: did u wish her lol
User 1: you tell me 
User 2: p .s . this happened like a year ago :p
User 1: why though
User 2: just . i was deleting groups . and i found it
User 1: lol . but why did she have to hug me ?
User 2: that idk . u shud remember
User 1: nothing happened so
User 2: what plans during ganesh chaturthi weekend ?
User 1: i want it to be calm peaceful and not no plans . but vidit will make a road trip plan . let's see . why whatsup
User 2: no no just asking, no dikshita also na for u that's why lol . dam sad dude ,i heard the whole story today . i din expect it to become this serious . she's having some operation na
User 1: 2 . her shoulder is broken into four pieces
User 2: how did they crash so bad
User 1: and jaw also got dislocated
User 2: but the driver is perfectly fine
User 1: the driver . stupid
User 2: fuck
User 1: instead of taking a turn on ghats he was to fast and they went straight into rocks at 120kmph . who is this
User 2: rachit parmecha . shitt . and it was dark also na
User 1: ha . dude my first year roommate . meet . got very fucked . his yo vertebra problem . too bad . i legit met him at a party 2-3 days back
User 2: omg . even revati will be in lot of pain
User 1: yeah for sure . bad scenes . i hope all these people get too scared to go anywhere this time lol
User 2: why ? . and obv they won't travel for a while now
User 1: i don't wanna travel this time also . i want thoda relaxation lol
User 2: so say no
User 1: if everyone is going then i'll be the party pooper
User 2: that's your concern then lol . if ur free on one of those days . well chill one day
User 1: okayy
User 2: ey,why did u say this was weird ? xd
User 1: man . why do you overthink it man . it was out of the blue . just chill . and come
User 2: yea yea u tell me when n all . dude this upasana wants me to go to hampi with her . and i really don't feel like, coz it's faar and idk udee n well enough . idk how to convince her though . j . congrats . you have a high chance of getting . uve done good projects n all
User 1: have to complete coursera now . to get certificate lol . dude do you have sem4 transcript
User 2: just because dikshita said, u replied huh  . sick person
User 1: no man kabka i was doing work . decided all the clothes and all
User 2: why are u talking clothes n all so seriously . i'm toh attending my 8am class n coming . yea i have provisional
User 1: how did you get . what . no da . i mean i have 8-9 off so eh
User 2: went to academic section n got
User 1: on the s ? . and photos you have ?
User 2: i already have three bunks . two mins . yeaa . i have the whole file ready from the ms time . lol
User 1: mann . fuck . i don't even have ten 12th
User 2: chill . it's fine . i doubt they take it during interview
User 1: lets see . they hve asked toh there might eb some reason na
User 2: ssuo . ssup
User 1: what
User 2: noting . nothing . u don't need to be rude okay . bye
User 1: where are they man . where am i being rude 
User 2: blunt
User 1: i'm playing pubg ya . where are you
User 2: i'm waiting for interview  . my chance is next
User 1: one on one ?
User 2: yea looks like that . interview done
User 1: how was it
User 2: bsic stuff they asked
User 1: like
User 2: os dbs
User 1: fuck lol
User 2: i din know something . i told him idk lol
User 1: only one person ?
User 2: yess . ten mins per person max
User 1: oh good then . better
User 2: urs is done ?
User 1: ya man . he asked do you know wrb dev . i'm like no . after that he stopped caring . he didn't ask anything related ai or anything on my cv
User 2: wtf . so it was only like five mins ? . come down . i'm near om xerox
User 1: they asked us to wait in the library only
User 2: yea same . but i came down to chill
User 1: i'm chilling with somiya and rishab . dude other people are getting asked real stuff dafuq
User 2: this wait is so bad . it's very inefficient
User 1: i know i'm not getting
User 2: how was next round
User 1: still not started . arghh . it's the test
User 2: so much waiting . how many people finally
User 1: don't know . like after we started round2 some people were finally promoted to round w . 2 . hard to say . apparently they have an ai division too . now i really want it
User 2: wah . maybe since your cv had it, they took you . how was round two but . rishabh got selected ?
User 1: no idea . you know the personality tests that dikshita sends link of . exactly that
User 2: mbti ? lol
User 1: intj thing . but this was pretty pyschological
User 2: kill it jj
User 1: so sleepy . i'm talking shit now
User 2: your planning to sleep in the library today ?
User 1: nothing can be done . they aren't even updating
User 2: y'all will get perm ?
User 1: i guess . tell the akkas that somiya will not comen
User 2: whats the point of me telling . they'll eventually knw . her roommate shud know . coz they will go and check
User 1: you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message
User 2: what
User 1: are dont
User 2: first of all it's past 11 . are u drunk
User 1: no just stupid . just tell . go . fast . that was somiya texting . go
User 2: i'll block u
User 1: i'm out . i got out in personality test dude . insulting
User 2: what happened ? ? . how did they even evaluate ?
User 1: who knows . they might have a software for it dude
User 2: how many got selectedm . somiya ?
User 1: very few . mostly girls
User 2: it's fine dude, u got so far
User 1: yeah she's still in . hr left
User 2: how are people even alive inbthe room . this is so unprofessional, considering the time
User 1: last year it went till like 5am and all . god knows dude . it's fine
User 2: yeaa . go sleep now
User 1: yaas
User 2: whays this . you want to go for this ?
User 1: yes
User 2: who all
User 1: dikshita and i are fixed . harshit and all might don't know
User 2: menu looks dam good
User 1: don't get your hopes itna high
User 2: loon . lol . it'll be like the rajasthani food only . quant will be less only
User 1:  . but seven course na
User 2: you've already got ur passes . or i shud ask for 3 ?
User 1: 3 . did you do your missed lab
User 2: nope . she said wednesday only . i asked my friend for tickets . shell give tom . what time to we prefer to go for dinner . she's asking that . 8 ? . got the tickets
User 1:  . 
User 2: seven hundred and forty-five don't be late
User 1: yas . call at 7:30 plis
User 2: don't get too high
User 1: :))))
User 2: jj . are u ready . send pics . j . happy have a great day . hope you recover from the overdose of alcohol xd . your annoying but i still love you  . enjoyy . see you . hbd again
User 1: theres no coming back . i'm ded . thank you 
User 2: partyy
User 1: fuck yeab
User 2: kuch bhi  . jj . you awake ?
User 1: sup . where to take parents
User 2: for trip ?
User 1: ydss
User 2: they like this forest areas and all ? . jog falls you can try . takey them to bekal again lol
User 1: don't know turtle bay
User 2: yea thays also there . malpe roh pakka go . that besch resort n all is all there
User 1: mangalore mai what all we can do
User 2: i guess just eat and shop . check for beachbresorts near mlore then
User 1: okayu . and sunday lunch okay
User 2: with parents ?
User 1: yess
User 2: aw . yay cool . where ? . give me instructions on what i shud eat now only 
User 1: just veg and no booze
User 2: okay done . where i've to come ?
User 1: i'll let you know
User 2: cool cool . how does it feel with them around . lol
User 1: do you good restaurants in mangalore
User 2: nope . no idea . never gone to eat there
User 1: one thousand, two hundred and thirty at coast asia
User 2: veg na
User 1: yes
User 2: who do i know in the group going tom for lunch ? 
User 1: harshit and all . priyanka is also there and kaustubh
User 2: that means only harshit lol
User 1: where are you
User 2: we reached . we're waiting upstairs . i somehow took priyanka upstairs lol . thank youu for the lunchh
User 1: :))
User 2: your parents speakk too less
User 1: you see where my introvert nature comes from
User 2: jj . do u know where dikshita is . what's up . what happened
User 1: nothing
User 2: then ? . aise hi call ?
User 1: dikshitas phone was off lol
User 2: where we're y'all ?
User 1: no where lol
User 2: it's nice that u guys remember me  . happy diwalii
User 1: it's tomorrow you south indian
User 2:  . ur coming to tanishas house ?
User 1: am i allowed to be the plus 1 ?
User 2: she said she was calling you . ur name was on the list 
User 1: if she texts then i'll come
User 2: is dik still sleeping
User 1: she hasn't answered her calls . so yes i think
User 2: yea her last seen is two hundred and thirty am . arey were going for lunch . but agrim nethraa are also coming . so idk if she wud want to come 
User 1: oh yeah she told me diwali lunch . apparently even i am allowed for this too
User 2: obv we don't have problem . but idk about those 2 . but it's diwali dude . there shud be no hard feelings
User 1: dikshita said you have gossip about those two . agrim said something about dikshita
User 2: arey so much gossip i gave her that day
User 1: yesterday ?
User 2: legit for half an hour i was just giving her goss
User 1:  .
User 2: on saturday
User 1: oh lol . she didn't tell me . you tell
User 2: she's like u don't care about it now so she won't tell . lol . we'll meet up for one day . it's been long
User 1: haan . tonight we're going to belgian waffle . come then
User 2: not coming to hockey field ? . i'm coming back from tanishas house at like eight
User 1: too much pollution . going at ?
User 2: no crackers , it's only the lanterns naa . by 3-330
User 1: so early
User 2: lol nothing else to do
User 1: where are you . come fast . you didn't tell me the gossip . come to have dessert with us
User 2: arey chill baba . we'll meet up this week only
User 1: no . come
User 2: i did bong shot . arey sorry, there is time baba . no one is going anywhere
User 1: when . lol . i wanted to see . did you complete
User 2: these guys were doing . so they told me to try . dude it's so much smoke at once . idk . they said i did it decently . the water started bubbling n all
User 1: pure physics . good one . hope high are you
User 2: whatever it is, it a good front . feeling
User 1: lol nice . welcome to my world
User 2: how do i guys do it everyday man . u
User 1: six or seven on a decent day . lol
User 2: woah . jj . ur friend rishabh . he's not dating that chick anymore ?
User 1: always up for gossip . what happened
User 2: you first answer xd . tanya or tanvi or whatever
User 1: you tell what happened naa
User 2: i asked first .mm
User 1: i have the answers
User 2: okay ?
User 1: tell
User 2: arey  . i just want to know that . i have nothing else to say
User 1: them i don't tell . did you see him or something
User 2:  ? . no . why u cant answer my question 
User 1: i won't answer
User 2:  . so much natak . i asked first, then why natak . i'm coming to pp tom lol
User 1: he's not dating . i know
User 2: o nice
User 1: tell me why now
User 2: i heard about his scenes
User 1: which
User 2: saturday i think
User 1: tell man thoda how do i know
User 2: arushas party re . as if u don't know . your like rishabhs close friend
User 1: nothing happened there
User 2: obv it did
User 1: i thought it happened directly at her place . lol . who told you
User 2: oh this also might have happened . idk . but something happened between both of them . today i had gone for a placement party so there someone told
User 1: who at the party . don't lie
User 2: i seriously don't remember . everyone was talking about the party
User 1: i don't even remember it . damn sad
User 2: oh u also went for it ?
User 1: yepp . are you awakee
User 2: yes . sup
User 1: you deleted this message . nothing
User 2: are who our ! . out ?
User 1: i was texting that to dik lol
User 2: are you fine now lol
User 1: i mean dikshita finally came to the movie . so yeah
User 2: wait . she went with you ?
User 1: yes . i got damn pissed and then she came
User 2: what about those people  ? . what a loser jenit
User 1: she's going with them to lunch
User 2: still . so emo drama u do . much . obv she'll be obligated to come with u
User 1: you don't know what happened . ehyake assumptions
User 2: she told us . in the room . what happened
User 1: who us ? . and i'm talking about today morning
User 2: oh
User 1:  .
User 2: girls re . sorry about your experience at apoorva 
User 1: fu . you didn't even come
User 2: whole point was coming to apoorva . not to coffee valley
User 1: but you didn't come :(
User 2: what happ . i was sleeping
User 1: arre do you have your library card
User 2: somewhere it'll be
User 1: like i wanna issue a book . please check
User 2: i'm still on my bed
User 1: later . listen
User 2: ssup
User 1: accha nothinf . it's chill . prepared for today ?
User 2:  . you have this dam bad habit  . of starting something and not completing it
User 1: arre i wanted to know if the contact i got was your angad or not . he's not . lol
User 2: which contact . u for aisec angad kya lol . yea i guess . today party  scenes ?
User 1: can share  . hope these people don't come to pragati . ishaan and all . i want to just stay home . are you going with the girls
User 2: yeaa . we're going by 630-7 only
User 1: dikshita is also there right
User 2: i told her yesterday . she said after she finishes packing
User 1: hashtag ?
User 2: and she wants to come to pp . so idk . first were going to detee . and then after we're drunk maybe  lol
User 1: no-no she said if y'all are going then she'll go or else directly she'll come to pp
User 2: haan okay . she's always invited . whats there . you also come
User 1: everyone is going kya . like your boys also and all ?
User 2: initially i'm going with sriya dhruv etc . i think they'll come later . their smoking up and all i think
User 1: acha okay . check result pagal . harshit is going for his trip finally 
User 2: hello . it's not opening man . i'll check again . he passed all ? woohoo happy for him
User 1: yass . 1st sem without make up :') . ha mam . his thing was showing one failed yesterday
User 2: shit then
User 1: so it might be a bit updated
User 2: too good . i'll message him lol . how much did you get
User 1: 8 .73 until yesterday . dikshita is crying after 9 ?46 . stupid girl
User 2: she's mad . coz she's not getting medal . lol
User 2: congo !
User 1: thankss . even i'm trying to see if it gets updatrd . need a in os ya
User 2: yeaa . let's see . i got 9 .1
User 1: treat
User 2:  . is it worth giving for reval ?
User 1: don't act like dikshita . isn't this your highest gpa too late . date
User 2: hahaha i'm dam happy . but one b i got which i din expect
User 1: toh why you want to waste money
User 2: correct  . fuck it . i'm happy
User 1: next semester straight as . abhi treat dedo . what about ananya ?
User 2: 9 .73 . sahil got 9 .86 . b ut they counted ios . so he shud get ten
User 1: then what did he not get a in ?
User 2: ios
User 1: ios toh will be counted only na . try opening slcm from your laptop na
User 2: no apprently it wasn't going to be counted . not happening
User 1:  . bt . fuck yeah i hope mine gets updated
User 2: same . any idea about chantal ?
User 1: don't have balls to ask her . harshas also i don't inoe . know . stupid ho
User 2: omg i din see this
User 1: ps: my like . 
User 2:  . she got 10, u know that right ?
User 1: class of sixty people with many stupid people (that i personally know ) . it's fine honestly . nbd . harsha is toh not telling his marks only
User 2: dikshitas comment on this was the best 
User 1: what'd she say
User 2: aiyo why ? it's bad kya
User 1: she told me this  . not one sessional or end sem i asked of his went bad or average . he's like i'll tell you when i tell you . dafuq
User 2: he's dam sly like that
User 1: arre let him not tell . he doesn't want toh . what sly .  . i just wanna know chantald marks
User 2: i've asked her roomie lol
User 2: we've still not had our gossip sesh
User 1: which one . dikshita toh didnt tell me anything
User 2: ya this one
User 1: i mean if you told her something . beach
User 2: which u asked me to tell u during diwali
User 1: you do delay thoda
User 2:  . ey not my fault if we din meet after that . or that all of them were there during diwali
User 1: batao thoda
User 2: i got to know chantal . ka gpa . 9 .95
User 1: wtf . after so many papers she was like don't ask blah blah
User 2: u shudnt believe these toppers dude
User 1: this is extra but dude . like after "bad papers" . tell nethraa ka . he single handedly started mcd delivery in manipal 
User 2:  . what a stud
User 1: are you taking part in the marathon ?
User 2: idkk . i'm dam confused . ive done ten km twice . but i can't do 25 . i'll die . so i'm confused
User 1: 21 . harsha and i registered for twenty-one chalo 
User 2: actually ? . harsha and u are some buddies or what 
User 1: separately i decided . i need to get healthy so kaustubh and i are training together . harsha i knew was gonna participate anyway
User 2: yea he always runs . how much is 21k
User 1: registration ?
User 2: yeaa
User 1: six hundred and ninety-nine
User 2: ooh . i'll think about it . now i run 2km on the treadmill and i'm panting 
User 1: two months lefts da . do . i got mast training program also . should work . it'll be funmm
User 2: from where ? gym ?
User 1: kaustubh
User 2: common, u can win that one lakh . dude . idk how i remembered this now . but . did you know . that tanisha and sahil broke up ? 
User 1: what .  . when
User 2: haha i'm telling dik also now
User 1: nethraa gossip toh you don't tell . this is just actually sad
User 2: arey  . yea it was very . around sept
User 1: oye . in the ets practice test . how much does the entire thing take . and does it have ytical or only verbal and maths . and does it have one random experimental
User 2: it's the full test . except experimental
User 1: ytical is graded ? . can you skip it ?
User 2: nope . yea i just brainstormed . and skipp d . din write essay . it's too boring lol
User 1: lol gg . i haven't even read the part from text
User 2: ur doing the test today ?
User 1: mostly
User 2: ioo good luck . tell me how it goes . dude but four hrs is too much na . the shhd be more considerate
User 1: ten minute break
User 2: ur centre is also goregaon ?
User 1: who else's is it goregaon
User 2: mine 
User 1: you're coming till mumbai ? !
User 2: ya dude
User 1: why isn't one there in pune
User 2: big bt
User 1: hahahaha . i thought it was bad for me
User 2: no centre in pune in december . idk why
User 1: when are you coming and leaving
User 2: monday night . i'm staying over at my mom's friends house in andheri
User 1: leaving on ?
User 2: eighteen only
User 1: pagal
User 2: why lol
User 1: we could have met
User 2: hahaha . even u'll news to travel so much then . need
User 1: dost ke liye kyo nahi . give your europe gifts ka list to harshit  . everyone is making him get stuff 
User 2: hahah i had told him to get chocolates . now idk if hell remember
User 1: you're one of the main reasons he passed . sab kuch hell remember
User 2: how ill durectly tell him . u tell him if your talking to him lol
User 1: yeah yeah dw . my mom will make me ask him to get many things . weddings man . headache
User 2: but what he'll get from europe for wedding
User 1: have to get jijus family gifts ns . so all the branded items cost less there and in the us . so mast all that lol
User 2: crazyy . bichara harshithas to carry soo much . and he's obviously going to get alcohol also from there 
User 1: did you know that his mom shouted at him because he passed all subjects . 
User 2: what . why
User 1: she's like if you can actually pass then why don't you always try . this time toh because of the trip he had pressure na .  damn funny
User 2: this is true only
User 1: i can't say because i've never seen him study and fail before . now i'll make sure he passes . next semester he has coursera . so he'll get enough time for the back subjects also
User 2: that's dam good . but he'll bunk more . he won't feel like going for class only . u din take coursera ?
User 1: he'll have two back subjects so total 8, out of which six will have classes so it will be normal only . no . big data i didn't want . intelligent systems i took . all manas people  . rekt
User 2: even you were almost part of them . so same intellect
User 1: let's hope so . lol
User 2: ue going to miss quite a lot of college na . in jan
User 1: ten days
User 2: that's quite a lot
User 1: dude how long do you usually take for verbal and quant
User 2: i finish on time . verbal goes on till the last two mins almoet . quant i finish having five mins in hand . why what happened ? xd
User 1: this toh obviously before time . this is taking 35ish mins man . too many comprehensions
User 2: yaa . lot of time . and j cant read fast also . so idk how to improve . u finished your test also ?
User 1: one verbal and one quant i did . i'll continue now
User 2: achaa . tell what u get in the end
User 1: we'll see lol . man can do the test in one go at home . so much disturbance is there ya
User 2: lol true
User 1: dude they don't show scaled marks for untimed test wtf ?
User 2: i did the untimed one ?  . i haven't done that yet lol
User 1: man
User 2: u
User 1: fuck . yeah man . shitt . accha okay so you got one hundred and fifty something in your verbal na . so out of forty how many were correct
User 2: 22 . lol
User 1: and you still got 150 ? . nice . i got nineteen 
User 2: it depends on how hard the test is
User 1: oh
User 2: it's not always the same
User 1: quants is toh 4040 so it's chill
User 2: u'll easily get 320 . in relatively easier verbal . even if u get twenty-five u won't get one hundred and fifty
User 1: bapre . okay so one thing is left to improve on . i'll do
User 2: yess . u have time
User 1: ha doing
User 2: ur doing from ets book on ? . only
User 1: i have princeton only for verbal . and flashcards . but that's about it
User 2: ooh u bought online course ?
User 1: i have book . princeton ?
User 2: yea
User 1: no-no, the hardcopy
User 2: in the untimed test . do they give answers ?
User 1: yes
User 2: peace . i'll do it now and see
User 1: let  .e k . let me know your verbal lol
User 2: haha yeaa . got thirty in verbal
User 1: and quant ?
User 2: i got one wrong again ugh . lol the quant section one was the same as the timed test . so i skipped it
User 1: oh . bapre . standford jayegi ladki .  . which timed . 1st or second
User 2: 1st . even some verbal section one was same . kuch bhii . all about luck on final day
User 1: that's where your god comes in 
User 2: i swear . so many new words man . every test i at least don't know 4-5 words
User 1: 4-5 . cutee . i get triggered everytime i see a word i know . hahahah . i'll do the marked wala test tofay
User 2: i'll do the last test tom . then done . jai mata di . 
User 1: all the best
User 2: thank youy . i'm in ur land now lol
User 1: text me after the test . let me know what all happens and all . and like they show you marks na . aren't you done
User 2: now i am .
User 1: how was itt
User 2: i'll call u araamse when i go back home . but . maths gets hard dude . the book ka is relatively v easy . i fucked up maths only . got 317 . don't know whether to be happy or sad
User 1: whats the break up . and did you get out of 40 . same
User 2: no they don't show . 163154 fml . those ets tests are pretty accurate
User 1: wow . good na . maths is less . verbal is fine only
User 2: ya dude . idk, i got pretty hassled . u did them ? . and don't take many things to the centre, they frisk u like anything
User 1: not all . do you know any other free tests except ets one
User 2: the 2nd test is the most accurate . yaa . manhattan . kaplan . mcgraw . princeton
User 1: did you solve but
User 2: yaa . they have the full tests . not this
User 1: you signed up with your card ?
User 2: which card
User 1: debit card
User 2: no . what . lol . it's all free . one time use
User 1: wait i'll try . the three hundred and seventeen is not fixed na . like it can change right when the final result comes
User 2: ya . they said tentative . but i doubt it'll increase . lol . ya
User 1: i login and then what about shipping and billing tab
User 2: it'll come zero
User 1: manhattan gives score na ?
User 2: yes . proper score
User 1: did you get three verbal or three quants
User 2: q
User 1: luvky . less stress 
User 2: ya but ultimately bhaari hi pada . lol . they give only one sheet at a time  . and frisk more than they do at a airport . go alone, they don't allow parents in
User 1: manhattan was actually pretty hard
User 2: u finished also ?
User 1: yeah i got 314 . they have written level for each question . they have a level called "devilish"  . maths was actually hard hard
User 2: sort . it's somewhat like that only . good, ur verbal has become better
User 1: too hard
User 2: what was the break up
User 1: one hundred and sixty and 154 . for the verbal
User 2: g1 . was it actually devilish
User 1: for few questions i didn't even know if it was positive word or negative . whatever i selected was usually wrong lol . which oe
User 2: graphic . you)
User 1: linear algebra . oe not pe
User 2: graphic novels re 
User 1: ew
User 2: aiyo, top competition your going to have . zero study
User 1: why da . what is it
User 2: it's the most competitive oe . that i'll see when i sit in class 
User 1:  . dude i confused in the questions that are like find the percentage decrease or increase . what do we keep as the denominator
User 2: in the increase ones put the smaller number . and larger in the decrease one's
User 1: good one . and what about percentage change ?
User 2: they ask inc or decrease only na
User 1: chal okay let's see . dude i got that one hundred and sixty after getting just 3140 in quants
User 2: okay ?
User 1: i'm saying they are so hard .  . you left for pune ?
User 2: today i feel i wud have gotten around 32-3340 only : . reached also
User 1: how did you travel . was it that hard ?
User 2: my driver drove . section one was good . the second one was quite hard . took a lot of time in some questions
User 1: and 3rd ?
User 2: same as 2nd . some weird graph interpretation was there
User 1: exactly
User 2: i was really short on time
User 1: for both ?
User 2: there was this question . a circle . with centre at 0,0 . radius 5 . how many points lie on the circle . how can it be a definite answer man . options were  2,4,8,12
User 1: huh . wtf
User 2: dam weird
User 1: no other info ?
User 2: follow this link to join my whatsapp group: absolutely nothing
User 1: some info about the points might have given na
User 2: noo . nothing . so ambiguous
User 1: bapre
User 2: i want to know which was experimental . ugh i have to wait two weeks . make us proud now jj
User 1: what's this unnecessary pressure  . how was awa
User 2: i took one for the team . all the hard ques . and u and dik . decent . din find it vv hard
User 1:  . i haven't started awa lol
User 2: wing it . ur exam is at 9 ?
User 1: 8:30 . i'll have to wake up at four lol
User 2: aiyo why . how far do u live . they don't let u enter forty-five mins before . so u'll have to wait outside only
User 1: to . i'll go accordingly
User 2: it'll be closer than mumbai pune 
User 1: true  . should i practice papers now or reading comprehension
User 2: haha . rc . papers u still have a week
User 1: when then
User 2: give one , one day before exam . and then just chill . lol
User 1: bapre
User 2: you guys are studying way more then i did
User 1: i don't wanna waste 205 tbh 
User 2: ya obviously . i'm not giving again also
User 1: did you short list any unis ?
User 2: gmat is 400 lol . not really . still reading
User 1: university of amsterdam
User 2: what about it
User 1: it's good for cs . and nothing is illegal . 
User 2: haha . even i'm seeing europe
User 1: tell me if you see a prospective one
User 2: no gre needed but lol
User 1: that's fine . options we need
User 2: my dad is telling me to checkout german also
User 1: you'll do german then ? . munich has good ones
User 2: for masters it isn't compulsory . ey today is your besties birthday xd
User 1: which one . i legit know three people whose birthdays are today
User 2: arusha
User 1: what bestie . i don't even know her that well . but yeah she's one of the three 
User 2: your always meeting her to . lol
User 1: i met her once in the vacation to eat the brownies . anushka was also there . spiderman dude . watch that movie
User 2: u and ur marvek . marvel
User 1: animated one
User 2: its in the theatre .  ?
User 1: yess . so i understood the argumentative . but in the issue one . do you have to take a side and write about that only . or you can write about both the sides ? . and is it necessary to choose a side
User 2: you can . uve to give very solid examples . to support case
User 2: howz prep going
User 1: too much dikshita is learning like 300-400 new words everyday . i've given up
User 2: arey it's fine . this exam is not about knowledge . it's more about your state during the exam . and how fast u solve . how much ever u know doesn't matter if u can't finish it smoothly . she's using the app ?
User 1: fingers crossed . she's using three sources . i told her to stick to one but she's thoda psycho so eh . what are you even doing now that you have nothing to do lol
User 2: the flash cards are the best . fully chilling . meeting oeolme . people
User 1: competitive coding karo . need to get internship ya
User 2:  . i'm doing one coursera course
User 1: if i get a chance again i'll go out of mumbai . oh . nice . only free till 31st lol . come to hyderabad if you can
User 2: applying for ieaste this time ? . why lol
User 1: normally options are bangalore and hyderbad so . i'll see the iaeste offers . let's hope i get the certificate . it's needed for iaeste
User 2: which certificate
User 1: internship lol
User 2: how will u do both ieaste and normal internship
User 1: let's see what i get ns
User 2: mil jayega . smart boy u are
User 1: lol . did you sign up for the microsoft thing
User 2: wearwnt allowedto . because we we're part of the thing in college
User 1: what thing . like we have the test ? . vasvi said just fill it anyway because it might just allow you to give the test
User 2: as long as you meet the eligibility criterias mentioned here, you can register
User 1: what does that mean
User 2: idk why that ignore thing is there
User 1: i mean in the filling form also they asked that have you participated and i selected yes . they emailed back saying that they will reviews the eligibility criteria and revert back . so if not then they'll email
User 2: ooh . i'll just fill then
User 1: in description it was written that there is no partiality between age gender sex color blah blah . i'm like sure still y'all will select girls
User 2: hahaha . no bharosa on microsoft
User 1: exactly . but we have to start applying from now only
User 2: yea im looking . linkedin also has a lot of offers
User 1: send screenshots if you didn't good ones . but how are you looking for on linkedin . that jobs wala app right
User 2: like it comes on my feed
User 1: which app but
User 2: linked only re . good luck for tomorrow ! . kill it
User 1: thank you
User 2: prep done ?
User 1: awa i'm scared . i just read few essays . i'll go over the pattern . and vocab is fine . rc also thoda messy . eh i'll do something
User 2: ya i never wrote a single essay . u did ets mocks ?
User 1: ha . last one i didn't do because it has the same verbal . as the untimed
User 2: meaning practice test 2 ? . but second section is different . how much u got
User 1: yes . first one i told you now i don't remember . didn't complete it . if you're saying it's different then i should have done . lol rip . now it's fine . i'll do from my text if i have time . i'll do vocab and all today so
User 2: test two is completely different . only test one has same questions
User 1: yes this only i havent done . i did test two and untimed
User 2: achaa . it's fine . uve done enough . just chill now
User 1: let's hope so . how should i revise for verbal . vocab and ?
User 2: according to people u shudnt do anything one day before the test lol
User 1: ones who have been practicing for months
User 2: that's true 
User 1: what time to reach for the 8am exam . and . what all to take
User 2: passport . appointment letter . half an hour before u'll be allowed to go inside the building . they give locker, so ucan keep phone n all there
User 1: my driver's license has signatute . isn't that fine ? . or pan card
User 2: no . indian citizens have to take passport
User 1: bapre
User 2: otherwise won't be allowed to enter
User 1: printout is compulsory ?
User 2: you have na ?
User 1: yes
User 2: passport which is valid ?
User 1: yes
User 2: they say that on the site . so i just took it
User 1:  fine . what about stationary ?
User 2: u know they scanned my specks also  . nothing . they don't allow anything . they give pen and paper
User 1: great
User 2: just go with docs
User 1: i'm getting scared now
User 2: lol chill . when u go there its little scary . but then it's fine . after they frisk u n all . ull do well
User 1: ripp
User 1: at the end you send the results right
User 2: ya . they ask . cancel or report . so if u report they show u
User 1: sort . thanjss
User 2: gess . yes . and i hope . ur name in passport is exactly the same
User 1: yes yes
User 2: col . kill it jj
User 1: don't pressure
User 2:  . okay okay . how r u going ? . car ?
User 1: train only . car ke saath i won't reach only
User 2: train ? 
User 1: and while coming back i'll take three hours . local
User 2: woah . quite surprised . proud of yog . where do u exactly stay . and there is station in goregoan ?
User 1: ha . i stay in south na . and this is very surburb
User 2: where exactly . so ur going alone only
User 1: byculla . my parents never came anywhere in school also . except annual day so eh
User 2: haha its fine . no point of them coming also
User 1: 320 . thank god tests are adaptive . first verbal toh i got fucked
User 2: woohoo . congo ! . dam good ! . break up ?
User 1: one hundred and sixty-eight 152 . maths was so hard lol
User 2: 168 ! crazyy
User 1: 5-6 questions in verbal accha jaimatadi
User 2: haha you still got 152 . that's good only . well done jj 
User 1: hehe thanks
User 2: go party now
User 1: dance and acting practices you mean
User 2: ey that's also fun . oh btw . are u there on 26th jan .
User 1: nope . wedding . why but
User 2: aree yaar ;'( . my mom is coming that weekend
User 1: loll rip . i'll come to pune . such a nice city man
User 2: hahaha okay . parents hapy with ur score ?
User 1: they don't all these exams . i have to tell them if i'm happy . lol
User 2: which colleges u sent score to ?
User 1: mado you should have told me na . i didn't know only . i sent to maryland, berkely, ecole poly technique and waterloo
User 2: lol it doesn't matter . because there is no point of us sending . we'll be applying next year
User 1: why
User 2: they don't have our application now
User 1: true true .
User 2: lol . no re u shudnt believe such things . overall profile matters more
User 1: arre
User 2: gre score is just 10 of the whole thing
User 1: but still man this gives a background idea na . seriously  ?
User 2: yea obv mit n all are not poss . little idea . yea 10-20 max
User 1: so under the ivy leagues its still possible ? . man jiju is like your overall is good but give again to increase your verbal score
User 2: my friend got 320 . she got georgia tech . lol got engineering quant is more imp . but i'm not giving . it's ur choice . my other friend got three hundred and fifteen she got northeastern . yea if ur sop n all are good
User 1: northeastern is like us ka manipal se thoda zyada . my friend is there for undergrad . all he does is smoke up . sop and all are like essays basically saying "please lelo mujhe" right ?
User 2:  . but it's in too fifty of us . top . ya lol
User 1: also what do we apply for when we want to go . ms or m engg . both are very different
User 2: i'm doing ms . or mis . and . i got 3 .5 in awa lol
User 1: whats this . when did yyou get the score
User 2: masters in information sciences
User 1: its three hundred and seventeen only ?
User 2: i got message for awa . score is not there . they said check tom
User 1: ten days it took' . ours will come in manipal ripp
User 2: hahaha it's fine . u did dam well . how were ur essays
User 1: i didnt have time to proof read ya . like for the argumentative one which i was confident about, i proof read the first para . i thought i forgot to put "an" before "ideal" . so i put it . but i should have because that actually made the sentence grammatically wrong . and first one i didnt have time for three body paras . but else it was fine . im expecting 3 .5-4 .5
User 2: good good . stanford on the way
User 1: let's see man . have you gone through any college websites and all ?
User 2: ya i was seeing courses . cost n all
User 1: same . dude there are so many . don't know how to shortlist also
User 2: lol chill . there's time . have to give toefl also
User 1: that easier na
User 2: yess . one week i'm going to study for that lol
User 1: did you sign up for the ai ml workshop
User 2: which
User 2: idk anything about ai n all . have to still venture into those domains
User 1: yeah so this is from start . legit scratch . they teach how to use python also lol . so come . what are your pes
User 2: big data . information retrieval
User 1: coursera ? . both ?
User 2: nono . normal . happy new yearr
User 1: same to you . what you up to
User 2: im dam sick lol . what did you do
User 1: home watch got with beer . have to catch flight tomorrow so couldn't go with friends . :
User 2: when u reaching
User 1: 5 . you ?
User 2: tom night
User 1: bapree
User 2: lol . arey i was going to come in the morn . but flight for rescheduled
User 1: at least it was rescheduled long before . i hope mine doesn't get delayed . surprising still on time
User 2: when is harshit coming back
User 1: 4th . he'll come back tomorrow . to delhi chill there and then come
User 2: ooh . acha . many people are missing first day n all
User 1: he barely stayed at home na . so
User 2: it's good let him stay . god i'm so lazy to come to college
User 1: divya must try smoking up this sem
User 2: naa xd . what is try . i've done it
User 1: properllyy . one sess
User 2:  . u reached manipal also ?
User 1: thirty mins . today only intoxication . then tomorrow se marathon
User 2: whose even there
User 1: why you don't want to come today
User 2: i'll see i'll see . how come u don't want to drink today
User 1: i don't like drinking only man . plus i need to remain thoda fit till the wedding at least . lol
User 2: drink is beer . but ya makes sense
User 1: we'll go to froth on the top
User 2: that what i had said . but u said no
User 1: aree ya but if you're not coming otherwise i told dikshita to tell you that idm that also
User 2: but u can go for date na then
User 1: i'm fine with anything . you decide and let me know
User 2: but what's the point when u won't drink
User 1: i'll drink if we go . duh
User 2: and it's just beer
User 1: it's fine da . come
User 2: haan . i will . but where finally
User 1: froth on the top we'll goo . how come visa ? . when  did you apply and all . which other
User 2: linked in par . as soon as i came to college . god knows dude what will happen tom . my coding test wasnt even that great
User 1: when was it
User 2: last week
User 1: bapre going till blore is too hectic
User 2: lol they only booked flight
User 1: when did you get interview ka email . wtf  . stay where ?
User 2: ya and they've booked hotel . xd
User 2: like four days ago
User 1: fuck i'm applying . on linkedin or linkedin jobs
User 2: ya dude . just apply . atleast one will get back
User 1: which other company but
User 2: i had for swiggy . intel . and some random ones
User 1: ooh . cool i'll start applying too . she got too high lol
User 2: ya she cudnt even opn her eyes when she came here . seemed pretty gone
User 1: still she was watching brooklyn ninety-nine till very latere . dude . assignment week  . ripp . studied ?
User 2: mine start from thurs lol . u reached home ?
User 1: mangalore rn . wtf
User 2: only eefm idk when it is . so when are u going to give assgns ?
User 1: if they happen before thursday then 0 . otherwise scale up
User 2: how thursday ? your coming back next week na
User 1: thursday se i have leave . chuts didn't even give me full leave . i'll be missing tomorrows lab eval . rip sem . finally a sem in which i liked all my subjects
User 2: oh god . big bt
User 1: i know man . chal i'm about to fly . welcome wedding stress season woohoo
User 2: have funn . give updates xd
User 1: y'all didnt add me so y'all can criticize 
User 2:  . arey like little discussion happens . nothing like criticism n all
User 1: jk
User 2: only love for your sister . 
User 1: chill daaq . it's scary because legit everyone in checkers is more or less south indian
User 2: everyone is south indian other than dik . but why scary 
User 1: she has the blood . it's different than north indian weddings na . so what if y'all don't like something we love . i mean i don't care but like i want everyone to like the wedding na . like for example . sunglasses are compulsory in few functions
User 2: but why shud u care if we like something or not . it's the way u do it . enjoy it
User 1: like i said i dont . but like more people happy the betterr
User 2: eyy common . we already are awe struck by the amount of prep
User 1: lol . it's fine . like dikshita kantoh already i know criticisms and all lol . it's chill . man i'm already going to the second place trials . arghh rip
User 2: loll funn . next is you're wedding only . so enjoy it
User 1: one more first cousins to go 
User 2: then after that it's u only lol . good one
User 1: what's your rank
User 2: 4 . lol . i got visa
User 1: wooho . congrats . noice . party chaiye . like proper . i'll be waiting thanks . what's the position
User 2: don't know properly yet
User 1: doesn't matter . wooho . accommodation details they gave ?
User 2: moerly yst . i'm going to stay with my aunt lol . but i've to first accept then offer letter
User 1: dafuq you waiting for
User 2: i sent da . arey but they said their starting on may 6 . our college is still going on . so i've to start one week late
User 1: our college is ending on 7th right
User 2: i want 1-2 days at home man 
User 1: enough time for that in the future . first make the futuren . lol
User 2: but better to start from a monday na xd
User 1: i hate when such people get internship ms . you deleted this message . jk . congo . go chup chap whenever they ask you . from experience, tbh, this attitude is what gets you a bad letter from employer 
User 2:  . arey but 6th i can't go at any cost . so have to see what they say
User 1: send them academic calendar in the mail
User 2: let me see what they say da . dik just called me . from one of her classmates phone . she'll come back in twenty mins and call
User 1: i didn't block lol
User 2: hi jenit . how are you . i missed you when my mom was here
User 1: very stressed
User 2: about what's happening here or in mumbai
User 1: apparently she talks acchese . i like parents who talk .  . mostly mumbai
User 2: what's apprently 
User 1: i'm being polite da
User 2: hahaha yeah jk
User 1: but truly i wanted to be there
User 2: next time . pakka . or come to pune now directly . yeah that's more important currently . and we won't let anything happen to dik here
User 1: text me when your mom leaves .  . dude i honestly like it more than mumbai . i love that city . kitna spacious bapre i didd
User 2: yeah sure . sorry i've been out of the loop
User 1: it's fine da . mad or what . how often parents come . you chill . last few minutes
User 2: yea night i'll properly talk
User 1: text when free
User 2: we're going to the beach in the noon . and then my mom leaves . so after that
User 1: yeah yeah dw . enjoy . add on gossip hehe i won't leave now promise .  . it's chill . you deleted this message . send group link
User 2: congrats ! . on your sisters wedding . may they live happily ever after
User 1: thank youu . oye
User 2: ssup . that's a wallet na ?
User 1: yeah . like smaller than a clutch
User 2: it looks nice . she doesn't have anything like this . she has that big one only . that day only shw was saying that ur planning to buy her something expensive lol
User 1: arre yaar kitna lays and cheese dip o gey . we decided one more thing for my budget
User 2: whose we
User 1: five hundred rs per sex session gets added to the budget . so it depends on her  . dikshita and me
User 2: what  . but that's your loss only na . ya pls don't give that
User 1: a man always has to pay for sex one way or the other
User 2: don't tell her i told u this . but she's missing you to much . too cute
User 1: same same same . hey ! join me on fynd and earn rs . 1,000 signup bonus . use my code 7piabg and get rs . 10,000 instantly  earn upto rs . 1,000,000 . 400 fashion brands to choose from !
User 2: what this
User 1: wait . i'm trying
User 2: some scam it seems
User 1: ill checkout then tell you if it works . also . dikshita is 34d or dd
User 2: are you going to buy get bras . her
User 1: might . only thing that will definitely not get criticism . batta
User 2: dd . she apprently wears both lol
User 1: bapre theek hai thanks . too sly you are bapre . good one . 
User 2:  . can't even exchange bras like that . so uve to buy proper one
User 1: loll . aiyo what surgery you had ! . wtf . how is it niw
User 2:  . now there's a bandage . let's see when it heals
User 1: minor only na
User 2: yeah yea . all puss removal
User 1: hand ?
User 2: underarm . that's why it's paining
User 1: llol . it's fine i don't want a picture now
User 1: but like you went to kmc today only ?
User 2: yeah because it started hurting a lot
User 1: aiyo . accha which brownie do you want tell . and krispy kreme also i'm getting
User 2: anything is finee
User 1: dude my mom asked me that the gift isn't for dikshita right ? i panicked and yelled no . she's like chill, just give it to her from my side . it's like we're already married 
User 2: u showed her the bra ! ? . im already inviting my self for the wedding
User 1: i haven't ordered those things yet . except the wallet i'm still to decide the budget . accordingly i'll get . i'm ordering the perfect things
User 2: if u got mom's approval means it's all done . show her the bra also . shell be good in choosing
User 1: dad's also, he's just too shy to intervene . baas agar relationship works till twenty-five ish then toh no one will have any problem for wedding
User 2: pakka it'll work
User 1: i know but don't say it explicitly . in such things i believe in nazar 
User 2: just some stupid arguments u have
User 1: to touch wood .
User 2: and u get angry
User 1: working on it
User 2: good . come back fast now
User 1: dude i'm legit getting at least fifteen kgs of food
User 2: everyone will be so emo at home now . legit ur mom will be feeling so lonely now
User 1: shes planning to find somevwork now . like we just keep bringing it up because she loses hope fast . but now she's also like she has nothing to do . let's hope she gets something
User 2: she does that desing work n all that . design
User 1: yaa . she did all my masis daughters ka for jheals wedding and they got too many compliments . pura talent she wastes . fingers crossed now . donyou have choice in theorbroma or any is fine  . i'll send with dikshita todau
User 2: lol send anything . she'll get back to work, i'm sure
User 1: that's the issue . she has never worked professionally . only with cousins . so she's scared to start plus don't know how to start . let's see now i'll search online and help
User 2: reached manipal ?
User 1: five mins
User 2: crazy . how does it feel to be back
User 1: bro i have to do ten days portion . plus i missed three assignments without scale up so beg for all that . so stressed
User 2: chill that u'll manage . now u chill with dik . thank you . for the brownies
User 2: and make sure dikshita eats properly lol . she skips almost every meal now . doesn't listen only
User 1: not going to listen to me
User 2: shell fall sick very easily then
User 1: send jappes number na
User 2: don't haw . have . yo . dik is in pp ?
User 1: nope . you found her ?
User 2: yep . we're chugging now lol
User 1: wtf
User 2: chill . u come if u want . no pressure . we won't even remember tom . but it'll be good if u come
User 2: good luck for marathon !
User 1: lol not going
User 2: what . why . u paid for it . and u trained for a while . u'll get medal man
User 1: i didn't get the bib also lol
User 2: your mad . but why
User 1: man i thought i would at least run ten but since before the wedding i haven't run only . eefm day i ran from ab5 to om xerox for interest factor table and i died
User 2: loll . come for fun run then
User 1: what time
User 2: six hundred and thirty
User 1: can you keep a secret
User 2: what
User 1: nevermind i'm not drunk anymore .  . great things coming tho
User 2: like ?
User 1: see
User 2: when where
User 1: waiting for the same info
User 2: dam suspicious
User 1: it is tbh
User 2: tell
User 1: did you ask
User 2: wait . i'll ask . idk who to ask though lol
User 1: saurak
User 2: asking . sriya says in . but saurak says out
User 1: saurak might be lying
User 2: wait i'm asking him more
User 1: get exact addres . or at least if block or outside . if outside which building . what are you telling him . he can warn anirudh also . be discreet
User 2: that's all i've asked till now
User 1: don't ask more . it's chill . thanks
User 2: let's see what he says
User 1: okay he doesn't live in 9th block . we checked their records . so out only
User 2: wtf how
User 1: we went to the 9th block warden . he showed chup chap . he mostly lives in manish apartments
User 2: wow that's surprising
User 1: which section . bracnh . and still in 3rd year or no
User 2: i've to ask all this ?
User 1: nono . send teekays number
User 2: how will teekay know
User 1: isn't he in ip . sriya is like they might be in same class
User 2: oh like that . good luck for ur adventure  . he has back year . asked saurak
User 1: so not in teekays class ?
User 2: i doubt . and saurak doesn't know apartment name
User 1: wah . very convenient . i told you don't do extra . he lied after writing my nane . it's fine .
User 2: i feel he purposely typed that last message . lol
User 1: obviously
User 2: no i said it wasn't u
User 1: because it is going to be sent to me . who believes you babe
User 2: those question marks are in reply to that . he does
User 1: doubt bro . it's fine . if he comes in the way we already know where he lives 
User 2: what r u even going to do to him ann . man . and when . dik knows ! .  ?
User 1: after it happens . justice . need intel before we decide anything . everyone is giving random shit reports
User 2: are u thinking aboit consequences
User 1: not all of em
User 1: delete the chat . dikshita saw sahils call . she's suspicious lol
User 2: u called him ? baapre why so extreme
User 1: he called back also 
User 2: lol no need, she doesn't even come up anyway, so no chance of . seeing phone . obviously , courtesy
User 1: true . he's like why what happened . i'm like no questions asked 
User 2: so where is anirudh ultimately
User 1: we'll find out
User 2: sahil din know kya
User 1: ab5 207 . 2nd year ip . timings i'll tell vasvi to send . hogaya
User 2: your going to beat him in class ? . tom he'll have noon class then
User 1: how do you know
User 2: opposite tt . for two nd year . and all 2nd years have one tt, for oe . dude another thing . what's up with dikshita
User 1: sort . what happened
User 2: again she's in her own world . doesn't come up . doesn't talk . i asked her also that day but she said everything was fine, and that she's generally quiet 
User 1: dw nothing happened dw . shes tired after the gym . and she's watching got start se and wants to finish . but she did say that she decreased going up . dw da . nothing is wrong . just give her space
User 2: lol that i'm giving , nothing in that . what ive got to do . lame . okay if u say so
User 1: lol . why will i lie da . i came to you with a secret when drunk . give credit lol
User 2: but later if u come and tell me that we din do anything and din realize that she was feeling  alone and all . i'll give you lot of shit for it
User 1: aiyo she's not feeling anything like because i'm toh chilling with her na . see i like to do the least effory . if you can improve my relationship in anyway, you will have to do it  . any problems will be redirected yonyou . but you chill for this
User 2: no thanks xd . arey jenit, chilling with you and chilling with everyone else is different yaa
User 1: yes but like if there's any problem with y'all i'll tell you da
User 2:  . never know with u guys man . just bottle up all frustration n all . no one can understand
User 1: i have to get haircut after class . so are we going together or what
User 2: aunty arrived ? . by what time u want to go ?
User 1: yes . by 6 ?
User 2: sirtt . okay . room no ? . arey but . first find out what time they r coming to hostel
User 1: directly after class . they have packed . s won't take much time
User 2: so hostel is done ?
User 1: they will go there after class . then directly hotel . and won't stay in the hotel for long
User 2: hostel u mean
User 1: ha . where are you . dikshita said that i shouldnt go alone . you anjali and tell me asap . you come . mostly she's in country inn only
User 2: haha okay . i'll come in ten mins
User 1: ha i reached
User 2: room no u know ?
User 1: that we can ask alsonyouncome toh . and she's not even replying
User 2: ha main gate ? . or u'll walk to kc
User 1: i'm at country inn
User 2:  . and waiting out or in
User 1: in . jaldi come . fast . before dikshita and her mom
User 2: just go in man, and tell ki i'll come by 7 . why ur getting shy . atleast find out if she's there . aiyo wait . i'll take time
User 1: no they are on their way here
User 2: just go in jj
User 1: i'm in only da
User 2: i'll come by 7 . i mean in their room . where were they
User 1: you said ten mins that's why u left  . block only . come da
User 2: ha leaving rn
User 1: thank youu
User 2: did they reach
User 1: yesyes . i'm in the room . three hundred and four
User 2: sorted . have funn . i'll come
User 1: man fucking take an auto . dikshita is also calling . come man . just take an auto man
User 2: loll . i've already almost reached
User 1: her mom complimented after we left . so i guess it's fine . lel
User 2: ya re . simply u were over thinking . are u awake
User 1: yes
User 2: ur going for bfast ?
User 1: yes i'm leaving rn
User 2: what happened
User 1: kaustubh and i met him . he came with his class people . i told him to come aside and he wasn't . so i started talking and then he obviously couldn't say . then i got too violent so kaustubh took over . he couldn't say anything he was too shut . so we told his classmates to handle him . they said yeah bro . and his friends judged him when i showed them the 21list
User 2: oh my god . how come he came with class people
User 1: when i called him from my number her got scared and hung up
User 2: so did u achieve what u wanted to
User 1: there's  .1 chance of him talking to her . and if he does, none of his friends will beat us up .
User 2: okay good . atleast ur happy now
User 1: i directly said his friends are nice and i spoke ekdum acchese and they understood that's it's fault only . yes . enough to not go to four hundred and fourteen today
User 2: but did u get physical at all ? . who came with him ? jayant and rishabh ?
User 1: and one more . at the start i was pushing him towards side mai when he was reluctant . that's about it . but the way we threatened him
User 2: u told dik everything ?
User 1: he's not gonna do shit . yes . hasn't replied tho
User 2: now atleast talk to properly . bichari . kitna u pushed her away
User 1: i honestly don't feel bad which means that's it's fine
User 2: : . it's fine . this kissa is over
User 1: no . dikshita will fuck up again . she is not understanding her fault . and straight out not accepting it
User 2: i doubt shell speak to him now . moreover he won't speak to her
User 1: we'll ser
User 2: u just talk to her normally
User 1: we'll see
User 2: why so much drama dude
User 1: biggest fight . diksjita is just doing bs now
User 2: worse than yday ?
User 1: and i'm not compromising about anything at all . way . that also it started at 10pm
User 2: what triggered it then . when everything was fine till ten
User 1: she postponed her anger till then
User 2: one of u has to give in man
User 1: before that full day got . i'm not definitely
User 2: but she'll try to negotiate
User 1: no . she has accepted it . now she's doing the blame game
User 2: oh god . she didn't speak to them na today but
User 1: yeah but then she got it up . pagao . why are you screaming at dik . lol . chill da . one person at a time . bapre . divya . let me handle both our problems . she sent me your ss . you chill and don't text now
User 2: lol i'm not . i'm chilling only
User 1: why so angry
User 2: i'm not
User 1: what were you texting her then 
User 2: i just got little irritated and annoyed . i went down also . but nevertheless she was in the washroom . now i can't always go out of my way to ask her if she's fine n all . and if i get annoyed i just say it . i don't keep it inside and suppress it like her
User 1: arre . she and i are fighting countinously rn so no time to tell and all . truly dude i ve been just fighting . dw . she would have told tomorrow something . honestly the worst fight ever . damn sad . plus her mom left
User 2: ya ya let it be . not going to ask her . u sort ur shit out
User 1: you need to smoke up and chill the fuck out
User 2: why smoke up  . kuch bhii
User 1: you stay calm
User 2: i am
User 1: goos
User 2: but if i want to know status i'll ask u only . not her
User 1: ha perfecr . don't forward the link to anyone . please . it's not out yet and should t be circulated .
User 2:  ?
User 1: reves . revels
User 2: yes i saw . but what's secretive in this
User 1: i think the posters or something hasnt been released . i was told to not forward it . so well . passing the info le . lel
User 2: ooh haha . lol have to decide what to go for now
User 1: i might be participating with arav lol
User 2:  . competition huh
User 1: sure . lol
User 2: all sorted between u and dik ?
User 1: i mean she just has to accept it now that's all
User 2: lol . okay
User 1: you deleted this message
User 2: come to the eating place . come around six hundred and thirty
User 1: i can't come . i'm going to sleep now . head is aching
User 2: acha okay . gn
User 1: please be with dik today . we fought again . as predicted, she spoke to pranjal again . and she's like she doesn't even feel guilty
User 2: oh my god . both of you should just get over it . she's going for her event at five na
User 1: yes but i removed her from pp so she'll be the block
User 2: why would you do that . what they spoke about, it would have been so awkward
User 1: i tried to sit down and talk to her three times today itself . she's just still blaming me . i'm not taking anymore shit . enough i've also sacrificed . basically that threatening night only
User 2: but if she actually wants to speak to him what can we do man, maybe she'll handle it this time ? . or he might understand and won't do shit
User 1: when she asked did i do anything to lead you on he said you never said no
User 2: this is weird
User 1: divya i know her in and out . i know she won't handle it herself . and then he's like i have decided i shouldnt talk to you but it's your decision
User 2: but it's clearly visible that she doesn't not want to talk to him
User 1: that's the problem, it's not . she will talk to him again you see
User 2: haan thats what i'm saying . she will talk to him . from that day she is saying
User 1: what
User 2: today right things are not happening . that
User 1: acha
User 2: see clearly
User 1: what
User 2: your one week of putting ur point thru . isn't working
User 1: true
User 2: because she wants to atleast talk to him thoda
User 1: il . ik
User 2: and u also know that how much ever u try she'll go and talk
User 1: think so
User 2: so just leave it na . simply y'all will always fight
User 1: this is what i will not do . i've had my share of bs since the past 1 .5 years
User 2: but somewhere it has to stop na
User 1: what happens to things that don't bend ?
User 2: what did she say to this . u leave it like that and try to work with it in that state
User 1: i think i interrupted her so nvm
User 2: i was talking to harshit also that day about this
User 1: it is in that state . i have done my best to alleviate the situation . i legit can't do anything anymore . ik
User 2: he's like pls tell dikshita to stay away from the weird friend gang of hers lol . yes i know . but looks like she won't listen to
User 1: see full gang hasn't done anything so i will not say that
User 2: ha whatever
User 1: she'll either bend or break . rn i won't even stop it if it breaks . i want an honest relationship . again she waited before telling
User 2: stfu don't say things like the . that . oh this is happened yday ?
User 1: today . i knew she was behaving weird after oe . and then i confronted her because i always know what's up with her . same bs different day
User 2: ugh again you would have gone from good to bad mood
User 1: exactly
User 2: now both of u are at two different ends . just make peace in the middle
User 1: not going to happen . bahut i've done from my end
User 2: give her some conditions and tell her not yo come crying to u if something happens
User 1: she also said shes glad she spoke to him
User 2: coz u had warned her before only
User 1: kya bolu iske baad . i dont want such a negative thing in my relationship . so i can't do that
User 2: then idk what u can say . arey the worst about all this is
User 1: nothing
User 2: now pranjal knws that even u cant stop dik . not like hell do anything , i know he won't
User 1: exactly . she embarrasses me in public everytime . saurak parth pranjal . why should i be at the receiving end of this everytime . aukak nahi hai after that night
User 2: but she just needs to change this
User 1: idc about anything now tbh . whatever happens happens s . ik i did my best
User 2: now don't broach this topic with her again n again . otherwise y'all will just argue . give it some tijen . time
User 1: oh i'm not pretending to be normal this time . bass hogaha
User 2: arey then when will things get fine . normal dikshita and jenit with no latent anger n all
User 1: we can only pray
User 2: give it some time . maybe she'll only realize
User 1: nope . she's still blaming me
User 2: that your not okay with it and it's not in your interest . and you won't be completely normal
User 1: no she's like you embarrassrd me and you need to let me make decisions . i'm like you're clearly not capable of decision when things escalate so i made the decision will in future too if a similar thing comesnup
User 2: hmm . both of you only need to figure it out
User 1: not happening today . she doesn't wanna talk
User 2: then what your doing in the night
User 1: matlab ?
User 2: with her . yeah about sometjing else na
User 1: she won't be coming to pp . i'll chill with bois and listen to divine
User 2: oh you can hear from balcony ?
User 1: exactly opposite hockey ground . i can see also lol
User 2: ohh sorted . free proshow
User 1: hehe
User 2: what is happening . why is it happening . how are you feeling now
User 1: pain is 210 so let's hope no surgery or this sem is done
User 2:  . if u get surgery done ? u can't move ur hand at all ?
User 1: sessionals toh i'm getting a writer for sure
User 2: oh god . big bt
User 1: last sem whose gpa actually counts . rip
User 2: chill . it'll be fine
User 1: you'll come na . today to pp . lunch
User 2:  ? . how come
User 1: parents are here
User 2: but it's bonding time with dik
User 1: i'm calling kaustubh while . also . and arav will be here too
User 2: acha okay . what time
User 1: i'll let you know . again she's getting so many gifts . my parents are doing too much extra things man
User 2:  . covering up for a abzence last time . before one or after
User 1: still she got gifts . if you have work do and come
User 2: arey lol . tell one approx time . and ur mom is cooking ?
User 1: yes
User 2: o . maadu food
User 1: 1ish
User 2: okay . i'll text before leaving . hi jenit . how are you feeling . how was the operation
User 1: too many s . i slept through it . haha . can't wait to get discharged . it's like a jail . all y the best
User 2: thank you . you take xare . care
User 1: do you want to badla at 5:15
User 2: tom ?
User 1: yes
User 2: umm not sure
User 1: okk
User 2: good old days 
User 1: ok
User 2:  . why so serious dude . what happ . sorry phone was silent
User 1: listen . can you please update one thing in my and dikshitas application
User 2: i'm not in my room now . otherwise would have : . is it that work experience thing ?
User 1: yes . when will you get back
User 2: before ten for sure
User 1: aiyo where are you
User 2: i'm watching ipl match
User 1: lol . same
User 2: what did u put as pc
User 1: vmware . and citrix . are you back ?
User 2: ya . tell . i'm eating in the mess now . will go back in ten
User 1: 160905070 . jenitjain100- . and . 160906324 . symphony6 . change the experience to zero please
User 2: ya ok . dude . for u it's coming incorrect username  password . dik ka happened . not working . tried again . not happening
User 1: try capital first j
User 2: ya happened 
User 1: lol
User 2: u got seventy-eight in 10th 
User 1: shh
User 2: and dude . we passed 10th in 2015 . 2014 . u put 2014 . 2013 . i'm changing it
User 1: my session was nov 2013 . don't change
User 2: wtf . how come . okay
User 1: i had vacations from november to july
User 2: done . submitted
User 1: thanks . must do me a huge favor please
User 2: helloo . yess . say
User 1: dude my electives . tomorrow is last day
User 2: okay ?
User 1: and i don't have time to go change my number . it's saurak number . so otp . so you do all that plis
User 2: so u want me to ask saurak for otp ? . why tf is his number ur number
User 1: wait wait
User 2: ya dik sent voice note
User 1: when slcm came i didn't have a phone
User 2: listen to that lol
User 1: yes
User 2: so u have parents
User 1: arre that time why would i have had a problem
User 2: howt times change lol . did you understand what dik said
User 1: you wont wake up for got . got it done lol
User 2: obviously i won't
User 1: man . comee
User 2: now you have anjali company na
User 1: but you are the og group mai na
User 2: aww . but i'm not got fan . that's the prob look . lol
User 1: bro . but last season . hype is real
User 2: but i din even watch previous season  .m
User 1: oh wait i thought you were up to date . how much have you seen
User 2: season six i think . lol
User 1: weekend you have go for it
User 2: i got it . 
User 1: continue with this attitude only
User 2: how was yr sessional
User 1: wrote full eefm with left . writer bailed . lol . we had bad mcqs except that fine i guess . can't wait for this week to get over
User 2: oh shit . u cud write ? . but they shud consider that na and give u another chance
User 1: yeah more or less . this was the other chance
User 2: your one eefm topper only as it is
User 1: lol let the marks come . where are y'all
User 2: almost there . five mons . i'll call when we're most reaching . u cone down . thank you for ydayy . it was great . great host 
User 1: hehe . thank you . i'm glad you had fun
User 2: send pizza for us 
User 1: we finished the entire thing after y'all left lol
User 2: sickk . i thought there was some left . harshit is fine now ? 
User 1: yes . bapre anjali is so pissed at him
User 2: she still is ? . but ya she was quite annoyed . thanks
User 1: birthday gift . happy birthday 
User 2: hahaha . thanks jj .  . how's your hand now
User 1: this works . ezpz . will write properly . tomorrow you'll come to pp for paper solving no ?
User 2: not sure re
User 1: accha accha then when will you give the treat 
User 2: sat . after paper
User 2: kya hai ye
User 1: the sum you sent dik
User 2: oho . toppers u are
User 1: lol
User 2: all done ?
User 1: haven't done ratios . boeh
User 2: how was got today
User 1: man this eefm is stressing out . all those i questions
User 2: ratios is dam dam annoying . they're dam sick to leave it to us
User 1: dude my sister is trying to explain and is failing lol
User 2: ya dikshita was telling . arey bichari . how shell remember
User 1: she remembers everything . she is solving all the balance sheet sums and sending
User 2: sorted . i just want to see how to calc some values . that's all
User 1: see
User 2: i'm trusting this only now
User 1: yes nothing is wrong in this
User 2: shaadi ke aise din aa gaye lol
User 1:  . must use her
User 2: but the other tables have different fields . what to do for inventory . and if debentures is not given then what to use for debts
User 1: long term loan . that's basically has all the values explicitly given
User 2:  ?
User 1: whatever is not liquid cash like stock and buildings and all . that comes in inventory
User 2: ooh interesting . for interest coverage ratio even numerator has the interest thing ?
User 1: yes because ebit - interest  ebt . and ebt is given
User 2: why 6 of 14k for interest
User 1: that's the interest you have to pay on the mortgage
User 2: no like where are these values given . oh the mortgage . makes it a little better to understand
User 1: kya hi bolu . even i asked the same questions to my sis lol
User 2: so u just sent her this one ques . or all
User 1: just this
User 2: so intangible assets is inventory na
User 1: yes
User 2: helloo
User 1: yas . if i convince multiple people can we order pyob . pay your own booze
User 2: ya . obv . drink how much ever u want . just don't make me pay for it 
User 1: if i were to forget my wallet .
User 2: sit and wash the dishes 
User 1: how many people have you invited
User 2: fourteen
User 1: oo . chalo theek hai i'll see you at 9:30
User 2: your going for movie ?
User 1: movie is for tuesday . which vip comes on time ya
User 2:  . and . saurak is going to be there . so pls be normal . don't even look at him
User 1: it's a risk that you have taken . let's see
User 2: u sit at the other end . pls i want u to be happy . i asked dik also before calling him
User 1: okay listen . first step of being a host . don't take all this tension . chill the fuck out . and have fun . you dw . i will not embarrass you
User 2: thanks . to make others happy . lol i'm not worrying about that . just that i know u don't like it
User 1: wrong . you invited them . if they are not happy them their fault
User 2: thanks for this host advice due . dude . lol
User 1: you relax . just wear good clothes and get money  . that's all you have to do
User 2: yaa wearing . money idk  . send pics . how come u din drink
User 1: i came high so i could eat acchese so mission successful anyway lol . don't tell dik
User 2: but i felt u din eat muchh
User 1: arre i filled up on bread . but still had pasta prawns everything . you were a good host dw . we didn't talk much because we didn't you to take tension . aiyo thank you so much :))))
User 2: ya dude it's hard to talk in big group . nethraa was like . it wasnt that weird with jenit around . because u we're far away
User 1: i spoke to sanjit and all so it was fine . also . do you want cinnamon buns . i ordered
User 2: good onen . shahid also u spoke to . kidhar see . se
User 1: yes . that same girl from the food stalls
User 2: oh that day it was too good . harshit ne kya bola
User 1: he was sad
User 2: dude i really liked how u paid that guy . he was soo happy . respect rose for you
User 1: aiyo . you relax . i realised i dropped it because i was high . not nice
User 2: but u paid him . u made a person smile
User 1: arre you study . thank you
User 2: arey . kal se properly i'll start
User 1: same i hope i get 8 . so exams shit except eefm
User 2: u'll get . my eefm was the shittiest of the lot . send pics which u took na yday
User 1: arre they weren't good
User 2: their still better than the others  . jenit .
User 1: i'm not listening to shit . please start out of it please . stay . i'm not being rude . you study . no need for such distractions
User 2: pls fix whatever has happened
User 1: i'm not
User 2:  . both of you aren't going to be fine . just act a little sensibly, and talk it out
User 1: i suggest you stay out . we are going to talk after paper . but i'm not budging so
User 2: i wish i could . but it's my best friend in the scene . and your equally a good friend . so just think rationally
User 1: i'm not accepting anything . yesterday i told her also that go talk blah blah . then she's like i'll party with them in the middle . i've told her i get pissed when she cuts into my time . and moreover, i convinced all my friends for hepta only because dikshita wants hookah . so now she can't do both . i'm not settling for anything less
User 2: but full night shell be with u na . nothing will happen if she goes for like thirty mins . its not like she's going to stay out with them  . ultimately it's you only
User 1: that's not happening either
User 2: giving her thirty mins of her time with her friends isn't going to ruin anything
User 1: no it's doesn't matter . her friends don't give two shits about her which is why they stopped talking to her . and she wants to go apologise to such people
User 2: so u want to ruin a beautiful relation because she just wants to say bye to bee friends ?
User 1: it's not that anymore . that's just how it started
User 2: i'm being honest here, but they don't coz they're scared of you i guess
User 1: dude dikshita is in denial . she keeps telling that you did it for no reason he didn't even have a crush . knowing that he confessed it two times . once to me and once you her when they were alone after kerela . so you explain to her whatever you want to . don't waste time with me .
User 2: wow . i think she knows what she wants . and she's trying to balance it but your not letting her do the same . idk now, both of you take a decision that's best for you
User 1: see all this half half knowledge is making you biased . so yeah let us handle it
User 2: good luck for exams . exam
User 1: you too . dikshita here . my phone broke more . so it's not switching on
User 2: wtf
User 1: ya . i'm at pp now
User 2: all fine ?
User 1: ya
User 2: dik . sriya and i left our clothes stand in ur room . tom when ur putting ur stuff in the luggage room pls keep the clothes stand also
User 1: acha okk
User 2: which one is the number . will ur phone switch on ?
User 1: nani and all
User 2: tom
User 1: do you have kshitij ka number ? . no
User 2: how to call u to . tom . when car is ready . maybe charge has gone ?
User 1: nope . i broke it well . -jenit
User 2: dam sick . can't even take pics in chennai now 
User 1: her camera was shit
User 2:  . atleast give her a spare phone . and send driver ka number . how to find out tomorrow then . and dude . kal ka ticket . u din send to anyone of us . but messages are getting sent on ur phone and so are calls, it's not coming switched off
User 1: acha . the display is off . i'll get new phone is chennai dw . also pls text kshitij that dikshita ka phone is broken . and that if anyone asks on class party to tell that toot gaya
User 2: i don't have number . and also dik . ur mom had called . she really wants to talk to u . so call her asap . i told her when i meet u i'll make u call her . but then i realized i wont meet u tonight . pls call me when dik is with u
User 1: yes
User 2: don't forget
User 1: aiyo . we're meeting directly at deetee now . tell what happened i'll tell her . mom calling only no ?
User 2: arey so many things to ask for tom . we don't have cab driver number
User 1: okay okay
User 2: how come lol . before she gets drunk
User 1: done . we stopped fighting . and now when i meet her i'll tell her to do whatever she wants yo . i can't fight more
User 2: thank you . i love you 
User 1: aww hehe i shy
User 2: your phone is ur prob though . pls pick up da . is dik awake
User 1: yes
User 2: shud j call driver to confirm ?
User 1: yes
User 2: jenit wtf pick up the phone man
User 1: i'm calling you man . tell dik i'm sorry about her phone and that i miss her . 
User 2: it's k jen . miss you too . send slip ka picture and keep slip safely . luggage slip
User 1: when is your flight . guys i'm getting very bored
User 2: boarding now
User 1: send pictures . enjoyy
User 2: landed . no pics for you
User 1: why man . i sent so many . hello . ask dik when is she going to be in delhi this summer . and i'm still waiting
User 2: sometime in july . let us get dressed atleast . 8-15 july
User 1: undressed also idm
User 2: why
User 1: aiyo i'm going from 7-14th to parvati valley mkstly . you're toh going too late
User 2: june kya ?
User 1: hw . ha
User 2: she's busy in parlour now 
User 1: i have to go talk to agrim man shish
User 2: why ? . i have internship na . one month june mein
User 1: manager things ya . oh right . fuckk . you both have internships ya . it's fine i'll enjoy vacations how they used to be before engineering
User 2: what manager things
User 1: beautiful girls
User 2: thanks jj . yo jen how are you
User 1: i slept in the afternoon . just woke up  . south indian weddings are so different
User 2: haha dik will tell you all about it . she ate on banana leaf also yesterday
User 1: and hated it ?
User 2: ask her only 
User 1: lol . how come nethraa didn't come . go
User 2: she said she has to be home coz she's travleling n al it seems
User 1: yesterday toh she was coming at pp
User 2: no idea . but she's going to netherlands or something
User 1: i dude i was two steps through with this one internship recently and yesterday i get an email from internshala that the internship is scam as they are charging 15k if you want it . rip
User 2: what a scam . so what r u doing then
User 1: i'll ask apu how to go about researching . let's see
User 2: now if u want to talk to dik . you'll have to message sriya
User 1: what's the scene with her phone tho . like is she getting sparr
User 2: she got spare . but she doesnt have sim holder
User 1: ae that you get in any phone shop
User 2: idk . maybe today she'll get that
User 1: ha told her
User 2: how
User 1: did you get job description
User 2: lol
User 1: snapchat
User 2: but she'll not have net na now
User 1: till what time is the function
User 2: data management platforms and digital marketing experience team i'm working with
User 1: during fu ction she can use hots
User 2: today it'll go on till atleast ten
User 1: sql and all oo . already started ?
User 2: yas i attended the morning stuff and left now
User 1: it already started aiyo
User 2: haa . tamilian wedding happening now . night is christan
User 1: o . love marriage . didn't know
User 2: yaa . proper
User 1: wahh . leaf plates man 
User 2: it's yummy okay . listen . what did anjali tell u . about me not calling her to eot n al . dik was telling . lol
User 1: i'm not getting into this
User 2: noo . i want to know  . i find it funny
User 1: why
User 2: she actually felt bad or what . tel
User 1: arre nothing i just told her that i'm going and she's like oh okay . you reached home ?
User 2: but what did she say . ya
User 1: oh lol okay cool . but i guess she might have felt bad
User 2: hmm . and also . i want to talk to you . you'll sleep early ?
User 1: no no . what's up . what happened tho
User 2: but i can't talk now . raat ko i will . lol
User 1:  . tell thoda toh . all this suspense i don't like
User 2: it's about dik only
User 1: accha okay cool
User 2: ssup
User 1: hello sup tell now
User 2: haan so . dikshita told me properly what all happened and all . like full series of events . and i just have two major questions . actually one primary and the second one is secondary
User 1: okay ask
User 2: why are you so insecure man . when u know she won't do anything . like she'll never even think of it . like why won't u let her go meet her friends for a while and all . what bothers u in that aspect . and secondly why do u get so destructive . like u don't even know how many people are asking her in chennai . her naani literally asked her ten times saying i know u wont drop ur phone like that , who did it
User 1: dude you get insecure when you don't trust the girl . so like i have told dikshita as well, i'm not insecure about most of the things . with pranjal i just don't like the toxicity and that extra variable . and with her classmates, after the anirudh and some other guybscene happened included alcohol . so i feel she's isn't 100 safe with them . but yes i can't always protect her when she's away from me and moreover she doesn't want my protection all the time . this i learned from this fight . so yes i'm just trying to learn all this and improve . obviously a long way to go
User 2: two years man, gotta build that trust
User 1: and i really wanted to prove a point being that i'm very serious and at that i really needed her to listen to me . so then she said something along the lines that yeah go ahead and throw my phone . in the sarcastic way . and to show her i really meant it i threw her phone . but yes obviously there's no excuse for it . need to control myself man . im going to do yoga from tomorrow onwards . or i'll toh lose it
User 2: once is fine, not some five times 
User 1: dude i trust dikshita . it's her classmates that i don't trust .
User 2: and threw her mess card and even tore her hall ticket wtf
User 1: but i've learnt that it doesn't matter whether i trust them or not so fine, i'll accept that . again no excuse
User 2: she just doesn't say anything
User 1: aiyoo . i really fucked up this semester
User 2: ur lucky
User 1: i can't even face her mom . yeah man
User 2: anyone else wud have slapped u . or not taken ure shit anymore
User 1: but all this will be used in the future fights so  . she did say twice i don't wanna be your gf
User 2: obviously she cudnt tolerate ure drama . u were the one acting toxic . and not giving her , her freedom . lol yaa she knows everything properly, in front of me only they were talking lol . but she also came back to you after u shed some tears
User 1: how detailed was her explanation . and how shitty did i look
User 2: which were genuine
User 1: yeah i was like whatt
User 2: (i hope)
User 1: and she's like you don't take all these threats seriously . duh
User 2: no her mom already knew, they were just discussing
User 1: tell toh something from the discussion
User 2: they were talking about reimbursement . and they're blaming her only for the damage
User 1: from me no ? . 
User 2: her mom said no . from next time be careful da . she gets equally hurt and upset when u do such things . she's just stronger than u and doesn't show it
User 1: man my 2nd toe is longer than my main toe . which implies my spouse is going to rule me . it's in my destiny . so i'm planning not to fight only . even if it's right . let her do whatever she wants . can't say anything now
User 2: no it shudnt be like that
User 1: this fight made sure i lose the next ten to
User 2: tell her what u feel
User 1: too
User 2: don't impose it . and don't get violent . give her chance to tell u what she wants to do
User 1: for sure man . such a bad semester . only wrong decisions i made
User 2: ya . but it's not too late . lot of time to learn . ur just learning it the hard way
User 1: okay so this is wrong . i've been telling since 1 .5 years that i don't like her friendship with so and so so she needs to put a barrier . she did tell him that she doesn't like him but he still had a crush on her which was a problem for me . now because she can't confront the problem became so serious and then full blame comes on me . so what do you think about her failing to keep her end for 1 .5 years and then gets pissed when i threatened after soo long . life bro
User 2: arey now how she can control his feelings . there might be one hundred other guys who have a crush on her, u just don't know them . she still listened to you when u told her not to talk to pranjal after the bekal thing
User 1: you do realize that he told me he has a crush on her, and after my meeting, dikshita met him without telling me where he said and i quote, " but you never said no" . not really . she stopped fighting only because i broke my hand . otherwise the fight would have lasted entire semester or would have been resolved much earlier
User 2: but now i suppose this pranjal scene is over with . so chuck him . don't let such insignificant people spoil ur relation man . legit on monday u were on the verge of doing that
User 1: truly . i'm done with fights . it's my last semester with ber . then she'll be too alone here . akele . i need to keep her happy . masters and job god knows where we'll get . i'll try meeting her in vacations too . let's srr
User 2: exactly, make the most of it . but sorry u need to share house time xd
User 1: mostly going to north india in the summer . might as well go to east too . yeah 
User 2: ya but in the middle she's going to delhi . so go before that . hahaha but she can be with you for longer . i want my friends to be happy
User 1: already going to happen :p . aww
User 2: oho well see , well see
User 1: okau fine since we are talking about all this, how should i behave with dikshita on the saurak parth topic
User 2: let her talk to them . it's not like she's going to go chill with them in their house n all . just when she's with all of us, having one casual convo doesn't matter
User 1: have you been molested ?
User 2: oh god
User 1: were you there when everyone just left her be and no one except me and my friends did jack shit
User 2: not again
User 1: i'm asking from that pov . i'm sorry it's such an uneasy topic for you 
User 2: it's not like that 
User 1: honestly this is the only question i'm concerned with . everything else is in the past
User 2: i think that u'll have to ask dik only . of what she wants to do . then randomly one day of she by mistake speaks to them again u'll get angry n all
User 1: i think in this she has listened and agreed to with me unconditionally irrespective of what she wants because she knows and accepts the reason . exactly and i want to be prepared for this so that we don't fight which is the reason i'm asking you
User 2: from what i think, she at least wants to talk to them a little . so that's it's not awkward when in a group . tbh the only person ive seen that she gives no shit about talking or not . is nethraa
User 1: doubt it seeing that she really just wants to stay away from the group except you . maybe sriya and upaasana
User 2: that day she was chilling properly with everyone, in sriyas party
User 1: i'm glad . fuck dude . this girl is too important . i feel like even if her parents forgave me, this is first and last . fuck . i'm too shit . i'm going for a eight day trek lord shiva place for india . let's hope it gives me zen
User 2: hahah i guess this is what love is lol . alone ?
User 1: no man mad or what . 8ish people . school ones
User 2: oh friends only . ya go and medidate and get some peace . become one ascetic
User 1: great hogaya bhai
User 2: hehehe . good stuff
User 1: when will you gym 
User 2: are u trying to imply i've become fat . dam rude
User 1: who hasn't tho
User 2: lol correct
User 1: i mean generally everyone comes back a bit healthier . bro i tried push ups after two months
User 2: i'll start  in blore directly
User 1: fifteen and ded 
User 2:  . dik is asking why ur not replying to her . go reply
User 1: bro i don't get snapchat notifications only . remember i broke dikshitas phone ? . now i have to use a dabba phone next sem and give her my phone
User 2: what do u mean remember . lol why ? . her phone is getting fixed na
User 1: doubt it . 20k
User 2: that was the quote ?
User 1: that's what she told me
User 2: your making the decision or she's telling u to give the phone ?
User 1: telling me obviously duh
User 2: i don't think it makes sense though lol
User 1: of course it does
User 2: but . it's only going to be for a sem . after that toh she has to buy
User 1: that time it will be allowed because engineering done . then project ke liye new
User 2: her parents agreed to this ?
User 1: she won't tell them this
User 2: hmm thought so . but idk, i feel it's kinda stupid to do this . idk
User 1: dude camera quality for a sem
User 2: loll . like that also she's going to be with u only
User 1: i mean yeah . but i guess it's fine . eh
User 2: lol . which phone will u use then
User 1: her old white samsung one
User 2: good luck for tomm
User 1: how was first day lol
User 2: god . just orientation n all
User 1: what's the jd
User 2: i just know i'm in the data product development and design team . idk what i'm doing . tom is meeting with manager
User 1: and where are you staying
User 2: with my aunt
User 1: o . man too adult like you must be feeling no
User 2: haha why ?
User 1: corporate job and all . it's good
User 2: lol . but idk i feel i'll get bored really quick . one year and all is too much
User 1: office doesn't have chilling type area ?
User 2: they have hammocks also inside . office is really good
User 1:  . eh then you'll eventually realise that it's not all that bad . one tip . whenever you get bored, go make some free cappuccino
User 2: this i meant in long run , when we actually work . sure
User 1: ish . you're planning to work after manipal or directly masters
User 2: i'm fan confused about it . but mostly study only
User 1: did you start shortlisting colleges ?
User 2: kinda . this hols i'm going to do all that also . canada also i'm looking at
User 1: let me also know . i'll also see my course related stuff in the ones you select incase i missed . man we are fucking 20 years old . bahut bade hogaye . today i was arguing with my parents about politics and i was like fuckk
User 2:  . time is passing too fast
User 1: divya you must watch got what is this . such a beaut episode today . why are you so annoying
User 2: everyone is saying it's bad . this season
User 1: but that's got . just unpredictable . it's not like the graphics are like shaktimaan . also for ielts you did computer based right ?
User 2: nono paper . comp based is only in delhi
User 1: its there in mumbai too . and its ielts academics right ? . nevermind this . results are out mostly
User 2: yes . ya
User 1: how muchh
User 2: 9 .43
User 1: oho . too goodd . congrattss . killed it finally .  . nice
User 2: you ? ?
User 1: 8 .67 lel
User 2: eyy good one . with all hurdles
User 1: idk how i got b in ml, i had forty-six internals lol . d in oe 
User 2: aiyo
User 1: i'm glad its done and dusted . phew
User 2: congo man
User 1: dude dikshita topped e mostly lol
User 2: how much
User 1: 9 .77 lol
User 2: wow
User 1: pagal log baas . dude . i fucked up . i saw only cgpa . 7 .95 gpa :x . fuck
User 2:  . it's fine re . 7 .95 also is dam good
User 2: it's good re . after all ube been thru . party now
User 1: yeah no this doesn't improve my vacation at all
User 2: ur doing jelts now ! .  ?
User 1: mostly i'm planning to give both in the vacation . ielts and toefl
User 2: yea toefl even i think i'll do . how was got !
User 1: i dont want to talk about it . i didnt wait four years for this . wtf . my friends and i mafe a beter ending . fucking bs . its pointless . fuck it . im mostly done with this shit
User 2: oh god . they screwed up so badly or what . who became king finally 
User 1: dude tyrion asks bran will you be the king and he literally said why do you think i've come all this way . like wtf . useless af . stupidity . no other option
User 2:  . good that i did not watch only
User 1: nioo . watch amn
User 2: not after this ber
User 1: it's not a ber man . it's just they completely changed character plot because they had to fit a lot in one season . so we were just like how the fuck
User 2: hmm hmm . now u have nothing to watch
User 1: mirzapur bro  . dude got an internship through reference . but it's scam . basically . no pay . minimal work and i don't even have to go to the office . even tho i don't learn anything from this, i get a six week letter so why not
User 2:  ?
User 1: amazon prime
User 2: where is this . ya nicely u can do ur own stuff
User 1: cms infotech . proper corporate so one more good thing
User 2: sorted then
User 1: dude this is your only thing bad for you .  please remove time for competitive coding . also how's work . what do you do 
User 2: i feel i have time . i just feel lazy . it's good . lot of new things to learn . from next week i decided, i'll start seeing gfg company wise
User 1: it's fine . you work full day . rest is needed . but make sure to do something . also  what new things elaborate toh . whenever you're free . gfg what ?
User 2: now i'm free only . going back . geeks for geeks da . arey toh project is based on web applications data ytics and little software dev . we've to make dynamic config dashboards . which fetches config files from various servers and populates the dashboards with comparisons of each server . so i'm learning trying flask django dash n all to make dashboard . and have to learn about web application architecture http protocols n all
User 1: company wise ? matlab ? . oho this is only too much learning . and that also good learning . even i'm planning to learn django lol . i'll ask you doubts 
User 2: arey they have practice questions company wise also na . lol u atleast know python, that also idk well
User 1: python is just practice dude . i learn new things after seeing random errors only so lel
User 2: and on top of that they have softwares to run bundles n all, so have to learn those adobe softwares also
User 1: chalo this also i'll do then 
User 2: rg
User 1: its godd . too many new things for cv . bhai naukri chaiye
User 2: hopefully i'll understand it thoda . obbv u'll get . max two weeks to get places
User 1: you realise that how much ever you've fucked up in your life . if you get a good job then no one can say shit . all those 7points from my class are busting their asses on coursera and competitive coding . they want it all bapre . inshallah . i put vmware it comes in september . duh
User 2: but if u get s offer before u have to go there
User 1: no it's my pc, so i'll get the chance anyway
User 2: ya competition is crazy . no . that's the thing . even if it's your pc, u can't sit if u get s offer
User 1: wtf
User 2: ya lol all seniors say pc is a scan
User 1: this is internship full time ?
User 2: rarely people get to sit for their pc . idk what s exactly is . but it's pi only mostly
User 1: wtf
User 2: wait i'll show you message
User 2: so, pc option was started so that you don't miss out on a company if it comes late . hey, just to add to this . almost all the companies last year had s offers . so, i guess for most people pcs did not come into play at all .
User 1: dude this is damn shitty . were we told all this during the orientation
User 2: noo . hahaha
User 1: remember pranjal 
User 2:  . arey leave that guy
User 1: ask dikshita . she knows how to respond to such creeps
User 2: now i think he's become better
User 1: i mean dikshita started talking to him anyway . so doubt it
User 2: how r u jenit
User 1: lol not good
User 2: i just heard about some things .
User 1: ya . dik only told you ?
User 2: hence how r u holding up . who else will ? . people already know kya ? . why am i the last 
User 1: they don't hence i was asking . all the bois also don't know . lol not good
User 2: she legit told me when i texted on the group . i  was too surprised, coz after april ka scene i thought things were sorted
User 1: i didn't tell because i don't even know what's happening
User 2: so i don't understand what happenee
User 1: same
User 2: she's also not telling properly
User 1: she can't move past things . and since we are different people she's like we aren't in sync . and since that april thing she hasn't loved me the same way i love her . and that she like always blames me for not having guy friends . me taking away her saurak and parth is also baf
User 2: ya she said she cudnt become normal after april
User 1: sorry for taking such shits away from her lifenjeez
User 2: but all summer y'all were fine na ? no fights n all
User 1: and what about the i was feeling when i told her to handle pranjal and she did for so many semesters . then she's like her is more than mine . since all her classmates also stopped talking to her . how is it my fault that they chose pranjal over her . i get blamed for the stuff that are wrong . not fucking my fault . couple small ones . i hate it when people text from dikshitas phone to me . so i tell them shit assuming it's dik . so i was saying bad thing about mahiman to dik only to find out mahimans real sister was texting me . like wtf . and then she's like go relax and don't ruin my day
User 2: oh godd
User 1: how is that fucking my fault ! . and this has happened many times . and always i've told her this annoys me more than normal so you don't do it . fucking get vedant and vatsal also read my messages
User 2: shell do it more i suppose lol
User 1: don't have etiquettes such chuts . no . like i actually get angry not just annoyed . so anyway yes, that's basically the thing that led to her breaking up . oh and she also doesn't like long distance . so i don't know what's going to happen
User 2: ya this she said . so it was sudden for u , or u expected it ?
User 1: beautiful my journey was in manipal and the end is like game of thrones ka end
User 2: shit mann this is dam sad, din expect it to happen like this
User 1: she did say once she was thinking of a break in the vacation when we fought but she said i handled it well like the fight and cheered her up or something so she didn't do it .
User 2: what she says it, u'll never agree to do some things her way, hence that seems like someone is controlling her . and she doesn't like it
User 1: but except that no idea it was coming
User 2: and she said she's trying to be friends with u . but man that'll be dam hard for u . it's not going to be easy . what i feel is so unfair in this whole thing is that she's finding it much easier to move on than u :( . move on in the sense, trying to move on
User 1: man we both know she's too naive for the real world . sometimes i'm just trying to protect her . like physically . one time she's been molested and one times almost byb1 of her classmates . that takes a toll on the boyfriend . how easier ?
User 2: she's not that affected, atleast she's trying to show she's not and trying to be stronger and saying that's what's happened is the best for both of u . and friends is what both of y'all shud be
User 1: oh . i'm going to ask her out soon after college reopens . i'm planning not to move on only
User 2: what why . arey why wud u do that
User 1: she has showed me what our future will bebincase we land up together
User 2: it'll affect u more if she says no
User 1: and i want that . so i'll try to wait as much as possible
User 2: and 7th sem placements n all u can't be distracted . she said it changed for her after april and she din want to be unfair to u, hence she told u . aw
User 1: yes she told me all this . it hurt me too much hearing she didn't love me the same way
User 2: ouch . this might have hurt like anything . she cud have said it in a better way 
User 1: i have read this at least one hundred times
User 2: arey don't be that harsh on urself man
User 1: i don't know let's see how the sem goes
User 2: but now ur talking normally ?
User 1: barely . she needs her space for a while and she deserves it
User 2: yaa . as it is two weeks left
User 1: to fucking long
User 2: chill . it'll pass fast
User 1: na man
User 2: chill jj . everything will soon shall be fine . give it some time
User 1: yeah i wouldn't be so confident about that
User 2: but even when u guys meet n all . don't force n all . because then it'll end up in the same situation
User 1: i'll try
User 2: try forcing or not 
User 1: not . im literally ready to beg her to take me back . i don't even know what else to do because i've done everything i could
User 2: but thoda self respect u uphold lol
User 1: what will it even be worth if she's not there
User 2: yo . did u print time table ?
User 1: not yet
User 2: get fasst . i want to put on my wall
User 1: my cleaner is to good . and he's looking work for his wife . so if y'all needa maid tell me
User 2: we just got one today . but where shell travel so much lol
User 1: idk where they live so can't say
User 2: print
User 1: dikshita said she will print and then she said much later she didn't print so i have to
User 2: ya she told . so i'll only take na . ull
User 1: yes
User 2: when
User 1: man i'll get it done fuck relax . i told you don't tell dikshita about kshitij thing for a reason and then you go tell her . you're thick in the head or what . you're not making things any better . why would you tell her ? ?
User 2: wtff u din say that . but that's not the point
User 1: i told you before you left . exactly . don't be so stupid
User 2: i wanted to ask her . and it's not spoiling anything
User 1: you know all this triggers her especially because she doesn't have class friends . she is screaming at me on pc . and hates me a bit more
User 2: she acting like a noob
User 1: yes but that's not the point . so thanks for nothing . jeez
User 2: you wait da
User 1: you don't say anything more and ruin it further
User 2: i won't . u simply don't get triggered
User 1: i've been constantly triggered since the past fucking twenty days so when you come and ruin it a bit more than i ruined it myself, i will be angry
User 2: first of all it's not ruined . nothing has happened
User 1: full fucking manipal is ruined is whats ruined . so please spare me this optimistism . sorry for shouting . i know you mean we'll for both of us . thank you .
User 2: bill jenit
User 1: i can't chill . but it's fine
User 2: i'm going to go talk to her now
User 1: i've decided that i'm going to try my best to move on i guess . please . are you going to get block
User 2: no generally i'm going to go talk
User 1: the
User 2: print out
User 1: go and talk properly . she needs the company
User 2: ya . let's see how the convo goes 
User 1: good talk about me not that it will help but at least make her less angry at me
User 2: ya thats the aim
User 1: thank you
User 2: i met her . i have told her not to just be mean and rude to u unnecessarily
User 1: you're already done ? . what did she say
User 2: i was with her for an hour
User 1: accha
User 2: but at the same time i think u shud not try to call her and meet her so much
User 1: i'll try
User 2: it's because u do such things she gets irritated
User 1: only now because it's so messy . later it will be chiller .  .
User 2: this
User 1: okay
User 2: but i even told her that she shudnt have given u bt about u telling me about kshitij . she's like she doesn't know if uve told ur friends and that cud be problematic
User 1: i'm done interfering in her life .
User 2: she doesn't feel so . just let her be
User 1: yeah i know she says the same
User 2: and yes about the controlling part . don't try to make her work ur ways, she def isn't going to listen now
User 1: okay . what exactly did she say
User 2: like she gave eg about u standing outside the block today
User 1: man she says something heavy and then doesn't care to reply . i'm in too much anxiety
User 2: and how u were telling her to come down even though she wasn't ready . and u really need to stop giving dhamki about telling ur friends to do something to pranjal n all
User 1: plus that's not controlling her . that's just desperation . yeah there's no need to do anything anymore since she really doesn't want that much contact anyway . nothing will make anything better . so i've given up
User 2: so i think best way to assure u'll move on is to not text her to often . otherwise it'll always remind u and it'll hurt u
User 1: i'll see . yeah but it's going to hurt anyway for too long . three year fucking relationship
User 2: i understand
User 1: she vaporized and stop caring about in one second . it's fine i'll be fine
User 2: yeq she clearly has moved on faster, but doesn't mean she doesn't care as such
User 1: doubt it
User 2: she came two nd in her branch
User 1: her marks increased .  ?
User 2: in 3rd year . her cg is the second highest . after pranjals
User 1: oh okay nice . when did she get this news
User 2: she told this to me last night . so i'm assuming she realized y'day
User 1: wah . fuck she's so done with me . 
User 2:  . i have ur tt btw
User 1: ik
User 2: yo . why had u come to meet me aaj . anything specific ?
User 1: i just want my tt . what are you implying
User 2: oohh . lol . okay . i'll get tom . and why u din take pouch da
User 1: my mom had gotten an umbrella for her and she refused to take it . so why should i . anyways she got it for her friends no so let her give them . as it is she mended her friendships right . that also in one day . really shit friendships she must have if they can break in one day and become completely normal again in one day . and she threw a three year relationship for such friendships . so yeah let her do her own shit i can't deal with anything related to her .
User 2: oh god . your taking it to harshly on ur self i feel
User 1: explain me one thing i said wrong upar
User 2: about the friendships
User 1: i agreed i fucked up but you should see how those friendships are na . baat karne ke liye i also talk to so many people
User 2: like if she actually says, she shares a good bond with her class peeps, then she actually might . if not all, atleast 2-3 . and she clearly likes being with them
User 1: kya hi bolu . when you have no one and you get someone you don't really have a choice but to enjoy . it honestly doesn't make sense discussing since everything is already in place . like whatever was meant to be, is
User 2: true . time is all that u need
User 1: yes
User 2: eyy . good luck for tom ! . kill it
User 1: thanksa
User 2: how were the coding ques today ?
User 1: man one question was permutation so i left that directly . second one was fineish . it was array related so . the apti os and networks thing was actually hard but i remembered most of the shit
User 2: good onen . all the best for tom . jenitt . are u in class
User 1: no
User 2: i got ur timetable . ur phone is unreachable
User 1: i'll take later . placements
User 2: oohh . u got selected ?
User 1: just got done with 2binterview round . 1st was good 2nd was too bar
User 2: woah too good . how many people are left
User 1: 20ish . man after last round i doubt i'll get selected
User 2: what scene now
User 1: before hr i got out
User 2: aiyo . it's fine, good try . who all got selected
User 1: after hr we'll find out . update for you . completely over dikshita
User 2: how come such speedy recovery . who u found
User 1: no one . i did some digging and found some interesting things
User 2: what
User 1: i'll tell you later . much later
User 2: this is vv surprising
User 1: what i found was too
User 2: after i saw you that day . ey why
User 1: also you can't tell dikshita any of this . i'm telling you rn so that you don't worry about me haha . thanks for the help tho . oh you're going to love what i found . lovvee . please okay
User 2: ya lol she won't want to knw also . chill . i promise . arey anytime . pls tell
User 1: haha elaborate . i honestly can't . i have to use this very carefully . it's gonna be fun
User 2: thata dam sick . whats it about but . did u meet her though today
User 1: i'm going to the seminar right now . let's see if she's there . i tried asking her but like always she acted like a cunt and didn't say anything properly . lol idgaf
User 2: wow this is a miracle
User 1: i can't wait for everyone to find out
User 2: arey pls tell . tell little atleast . what's it about . is it something she's done . or what
User 1: basically i got the validation that my random judgements on strangers that's you all heavily criticize are always right . i'm the fucking best wooho
User 2: now which stranger is this . pranjal . or kshitij
User 1: i'll tell you everything one day
User 2:  . when
User 1: i'm waiting for the perfect crisp moment to tell dikshita . okay i'll tell thoda but you actually have to delete the chat
User 2: yes promise . u can check my phone tom
User 1: arre relax . long story very short i'm very glad she broke up with me
User 2: clearly i can see that . but why . suddebely what happ
User 1: revelation
User 2: rell . tel
User 1: timing has to be perfect divya man
User 2: but u knw i'm as curious as u get . but this
User 1: this is the little
User 2: dam sick . atleast tell which boy is it about
User 1: no
User 2: okay give tentative date . when u tell
User 1: as soon as i get the perfect opportunity to tell dikshita and get done with the entire dikshita chapter of my life . trust me even i want it to happen sooner rather than later
User 2: i think u shud tell her soon . before she takes other decisions in her life
User 1: and i'm keeping a facade of still trying to move on from her so you have to still play along in public
User 2: hahaha okay
User 1: i couldn't care any lesser with what she does in her life so i'm just waiting for the perfect time so at least it'll be a good scebe for me . like the more you ask more curious you'll get 
User 2: ya but maybe her decisions might depend on what ur going to tell her . that's why better to finish it off soon
User 1: what do you mean
User 2: idk what ur going to tell her . but still . if it's about her classmates u shud tell her asap
User 1: but what do you mean by that tell
User 2: arey just generally . for her benefit . if she's hanging out with the wrong people . so if acc to u , u have a reason to make her stop doing tjagv . u shud . before she gets more close to them
User 1: again, i couldnt care any lesser for her fucking benefit . the only thing i can do is respect that shes a girl but except that i owe her nothing hencei 'll do things my way without really being concerned about the consequences she might face . lol if shes into people with such a low life then good for her let her do . i feel the same way about them as i did with anirudh before the molestation . you do realise that for three years thats what i have done right . i tried . i know i eas right . and i failed . hence the breakup (partial reason) . so why would i want to do the same thing again when i know nothing is going to change with her lol . shes too immature for life and i cant just wait to see how it fucks her up real good
User 2: yes yes i understand that u don't care anymore . but since u respect she's a girl, before anything wrong happens, u shud must tell her . then taking action after that is her business . u don't even need to care and u have no reason to . ughh i feel she's already fucking up 
User 1: and i dont . and whatever i have to tell her wont really change her thinking about any guy . arre you'll understand once i tell you . her loss not mine tbh
User 2: ya hopefully . arey and the worst part is there's no one to explain to her other than me rn . i'm eagerly waiting for this . why can't u just tell me before her 
User 1: lol she's happy that manipal is getting over so . let her start her new life . this will all be over very soon
User 2: lol who said
User 1: she told me . she hates this place . but i guess that is when she was dating me
User 2: aiyo dont say such things
User 1: i dont know how she feels now . dude this relationship is like that one bad mock test you take before the actual gre exam
User 2: as of now she's enjoying a bit too much now . which i feel is little unncessary lol
User 1: tell
User 2: what
User 1: like how enjoying too much ?
User 2: going out with her class peeps n all . just generally . more than she used to before
User 1: yeah because she doesnt wanna feel like a loner . because she doesnt even have me then . it will subside before august ends . and then she'll be sad and alone again lol
User 2: oh god . pls don't do this man . if whatever info u have is going to make such a difference . why not tell it now only . so that she doesn't get closer to them so they it hurts more
User 1: whatever i say to her wont really affect her friendships with her class people . so it doesnt matter !
User 2: ooh . then who tf is it related to
User 1: plus i dont want to rush to say that thing . you gotta find your time and strike when the metal is hottest
User 2: just tell me this pls
User 1: it can be related to her class people and still not affect her frienships na ?
User 2: that i'm not sure of anymore lol
User 1: all these fragile weakass friendships she think are the truest friendships she'll get . and then she calls herself mature . how was i not supposed to laugh my ass off on that
User 2: : . god knws dude . i really don't knw whats happening
User 1: dikshita is a crazy person just like her sister . with an innocent face facade . too much i learned about her yesterday . prolly more than what i did in three years
User 2: fuck dude, ur increasing my curiousness
User 1: eh this was a bad mock test the next one should be better
User 2: this better be some valuable info
User 1: i told you the more we talk about it the more you'll die of curiosity
User 2:  .
User 1: no fucking doubt
User 2: i trust you gossip lol
User 1: if not mine then whose ? . amirightt
User 2: correct
User 1: what time are your classes till
User 2: four hundred and thirty
User 1: can you do tp for one hour ? . or some work ? . and meet me at 5:30 ?
User 2: or 3-330 break ? . anything urgent ?
User 1: i'll try . gossip . i don't even mind coming to emerald to your place to show you everything tbh
User 2: pls this . its convenient . or if u want come 
User 1: i'll call in the break if i get done
User 2: what work u hv . your telling dik also today ?
User 1: in the break only
User 2: then tell both together na
User 1: mad or what . i'll tell you everything i swear just wait . it's going to be sweett
User 2: tell her from 530 . tell me in the break . easier to meet her coz she also has class till five hundred and thirty
User 1: she said it's till 4:30 . last is star
User 2: oh god ur making me too anxious
User 1:  .
User 2: ughh . u bunk ur last class 
User 1: okay if we don't meet in break you come outside my class . i'll go in a bit late since assignment is done
User 2: arey itna also don't do 
User 1: i swear to god i don't remember i was on time for a class so nothing special
User 2: acha okay . u call when ur done with dik
User 1: that's the plan
User 2: cool . and your on tinder ? 
User 1: who told you 
User 2: suruchi asked me in class today . if u has broken up
User 2: coz her roomie found u on tinder xd
User 1: man i'm there only for validation . i'm too shy to talk to anyone
User 2: what vaidation 
User 1: that i'm still at least thoda attractive . dikshita got the self confidence in the breakup so  . divya i'm too happy . also . this is critical . when dikshita asks you what you know because i told you . that's all . if she asks you how i know and all you can't tell her that . our friendship in the future is based on trust of this one basic thing
User 2: so what do i need to tell her ?
User 1: that yeah jenit told me
User 2: acha okay . no inner details
User 1: how jenit knows, divya doesn't know that
User 2: she told me that she's meeting u . so i also told her i'm meeting u . lol
User 1: pagal . but yeah that's fine
User 2: i have no idea what ur going to unfold
User 1: very important . delete the chat . i'll meet you in the break 
User 2: see ya . jenit . i just met dikshita ,and she says with all conviction that she djn do anything before she broke up with u  .  and because she's my best friend i believe her . i knw this gave u internal peace and satisfaction so i'm happy for u in that way, but i don't think u shud spread whatever u knw and spoil her image . ultimately u were happy with her for three years man .
User 1: you believe her after seeing the screenshots and the dates then what should i even say . did she finally confess doing more than peck
User 2: and clearly she's dam disturbed about it
User 1:  .  .
User 2: i have kept your word and haven't told her a thing about the screenshots
User 1: thank you
User 2: she's asked me multiple times about what proof u have, but i haven't told her
User 1: tell her i didn't show you anything ? ! . tel
User 2: nono . she doesn't know that u showed me anything . i just said u told me about her cheating on u . she said kissed
User 1: chalo fine . i don't want to ruin her image . i want to improve my image that i was a shit possessive bf . if the girlfriend was such a slut what option did i have . and selfish . like the pranjal thing and kshitij thing she's doing is disgusting . but if queen wants her attention then she shall get it from wherever she gets . now i'm not there someone has to entertain naa
User 2: but u telling sahoo n all . it's unncessary na
User 1: full college will know . i'm just thinking how to tell her classmates . pranjal talks to sahoo . so that should do it . i'm sorry divya, i know she's your friend but she has hurt and used me for far too long and you'll agree to it . you read the ss . delete chat and send me ss of it .
User 2: which part
User 1: full chat
User 2: why da  . what 
User 1: first year connection . i'm waiting for ss . wow you send the wrong person the chat
User 2: arey . i'm sending screenshot . i din take pics . i sent u the chat 
User 1: why ?
User 2: too much work to take ss
User 1: delete everything . rn . and then send a ss
User 2: ok wait
User 1: you tell dikshita anything except the insta thing . baas . rest idgaf
User 2: hmm
User 1: it would have been so much easier to delete just the entire chat no  . let me know if she tell you anything regarding this topic loll
User 2: ya
User 1: she's too scared to talk to me .  . i'm loving this
User 2: but she's dam disturbed
User 1: i was never this happy even when i was dating her lol . that how tf i found out ?
User 2: she says she's not done anything . and ur bluffing . to disturb her . arey but we cudnt talk much about it because she was with her class peeps
User 1: it's fine it's fine . now we both know how easily she can lie .
User 2:  . i asked her her russia dates again
User 1: 5th july
User 2: yaa
User 1: i remember because she broke up with me then
User 2: and the convo was 3rd na
User 1: yes
User 2: dude can i please just tell her . like atleast i want to knw why she did it when she was with u
User 1: this is why i don't show you anything
User 2: ok i won't . relax
User 1: divya tbh, this is my shit and not yours . if i don't care, that should really imply that you shouldn't care either . plus you know how much i loved her . so me not caring this much obviously has reasons i cant explain to you because i frame it but in my heart i know, that bitch didn't deserve me at all . which is one of the reason i really couldn't care any more for her . let it slide, love from her end wasn't real and hence
User 2: okay , i respect this
User 2: dik knows . you saw her insta
User 1: ik
User 2: oh she told you
User 1: no
User 2: then
User 1: shh . it's fine . what did she say lol
User 2: she's just pissed that you read
User 1: lol . good
User 2: invasion of privacy da . now she also knows everything
User 1: invasion of trust toh tha hi nahi ? . lol . good
User 1: did she confess to you
User 2: those are damn private chats . damn private . just cute stuff
User 1: i'm glad i got this pyschological liar outta my system . better late than ever right ?
User 2: idk what's happening only . whose side to take
User 1: shes trying to maintain her image by not saying anything . no ones
User 2: ya . i'll not get into this only
User 1: but not telling her best friend . all the best with that tag . funny how she told praniti everything and not you
User 2: arey it's not about that
User 1: i'm glad you see it from that perspective . if not, you have couple of reasons to be pissed
User 2: she's saying it's after breakup, whatever happened
User 1: before  after . i have proof that i showed you so unless i'm a pro at photoshop, you have no reason to believe her . but whatever makes you happy believe it . peck it seems 
User 2: leave it now . i'm outta this
User 1: but i still wanna know your stand only on this . also meet me in the break . i forgot to give dikshita few of her thinfs
User 2: i'm not in class . have class from one thousand and thirty today
User 1: same . when are you coming
User 2: oops i saw it now . what stuff u have
User 1: boosk . any new gossip ? :p
User 2: no re . i just went to buy groceries with her lol . but she knows properly that u read n all . and wtf , why u ere harshit and u judhgibg me like that man
User 1: and did she say anything ? or even tell you it was more ?  . after giving you proof if you're a diplomat about the cheating part then yes .
User 2: she said y'all were on a break
User 1: like i don't want you to take sides but if you're still 50-50 about cheating then we have no option . you see how she keeps changing it for her cause . she took break on 4th evening or something . hooked up on 3rd . whatever man kinda annoying to even discuss this with you . still at the peck ?
User 2: areyy . i'm not denying it that u don't have proof . u do . but i can't force her to admit it . that's all
User 1: i'm not . idgaf what she says . but i want you to admit it .  ! ?
User 2: we din discuss that
User 1: cool
User 2: hmm , if the breakup date is what it is, then she cheated
User 1: good one at your if and else statements . itna diplomatic banoge and then you expect us not to judge you
User 2: i really don't know why i'm getting into this . simply i'll get hated on
User 1: this also makes you diplomatic . prolly already do who knows
User 2: okay good for u
User 1:  relax . who have you been smoking up with man . i was too surprised to hear
User 2:  . y'day with sriya and tanisha . i very rarely do it re, y'day was already drunk so i smoked up
User 1: i just saw anirudh and as soon as he saw me he went inside some door to hide . 
User 2:  . uve become one bully
User 1: feels good
User 2: yo . i know jenit has my instagram and i know hes read my chats with mahi even then im saying that i didn't do anything worse than what he already did with soumya for a reason . if he wants to know what that reason is he can come directly talk to me assuming hes not going to give gaali of course . if he doesnt want to know i have no issues . he can believe whatever he wants to get over me for that also i have no problem . but instigating you or anyone else against me without hearing me out is just not done . come online jenit !
User 1: lol . you do know i have already told you that you don't have to take sides . i just wanted you to admit that she cheated
User 2: no i just sent this . i asked her if i can send this to you, and she said yes . go talk to her if u want to
User 1: i'll just text her
User 2:  . broo . it continuously said u were typing
User 1: i would love to see her explain me what happened in delhi . plus i never even held hands or any fucking thing with somiya ever let alone suck some  . plus he couldn't even keep his  intact before "finishing too early"  . so  no it's not the fucking same at all . moreover i don't have time to instigate people against her . i just need people to know that it wasn't entirely my fault and how much shit can hide behind her innocent face . because everything just thinks that i'm the possessive shithead who caused the entire breakup . knowing that my possessiveness was right all along (seeing that she did cheat on me with him), it gives me a sense of calmness that i was right all along . and yes she's right, i'm not a good judge of character, otherwise i wouldn't have wasted three years of my life behind a girl like her . and i didn't force you to accept any bs and you know it . she is too immature for me anyway seeing that she uses people just to satisfy her need for attention . and if she calls that her "new found peace" then god save her .
User 2: i got scared only ki how much u were typing
User 1: i sent it to her directly it's chill
User 2: hmm cool . also . drinking with harsha n all nowadays . break up party huh
User 1: this was last saturday . last sem . why nott
User 2: good stuff . rarely he gets drunk . he apparently went and announced that u and dik broke up . what u did
User 1: where  . harshit and all . bought everyone booze
User 2: so y'day u treated cse peeps ?
User 1: oh yeah . i was like i'm so sad please come because he was too reluctant . no just normal outing . first it was just me harsha arusha and then at the end there were 15ish peope . lol
User 2: getting harsha drunk is the best . i really need to see him drunk
User 1: man till i was tipsy he said he wasn't drunk . so i gave up on him . then we had just one convo when he was drunk because so many people
User 2: then he came back here and had more it seems
User 1: to your place ?
User 2: no, to abhisheks house, below  mine
User 1: oh lol . nice . once you start drinking you wanna have more
User 2: i swear . that's always me 
User 1: not everything is about your divya gosh
User 2:  . i was just saying
User 1: i jk ya . is harshit there
User 2: ya i'm chilling with him only now . jenit
User 1: tell
User 2: we shud go drinking once in this extended weekend . harshit n i were talking about it y'day only . wow so serious
User 1: don't try to get me drunk and then take advantage of me . idk what to expect man . 
User 2: what do u think i'll even do  . no da, all in good spirit . idc if she likes it or not
User 1: chalo done dw . i would be offended if it was
User 2: meaning ?
User 1: like if she has a problem and you distance yourself from me would be offensive
User 2: not happening . pls don't think that i'll text about stuff just regarding her . i don't want to also
User 1: only you are thinking all this . i'm toh peace from my side
User 2: good
User 1: but yeah we'll drink for sure . bakri eid tomorrow !:')
User 2: ya harshit n i were saying fot
User 1: sort . going there too much this semester . must keep it that way
User 2: hahaha . good place to get drunk . ssup . dude on eid u  went to pearl na . they had made the biryani at home ?
User 1: yep . nono . pre-ordered from an auntie . anushka and i made the sheer kurma that everyone loved :')
User 2: hahah i  saw snap . scenes with anushka huh . so will this auntie just give the vessel  . broo . today supreeth came and asked me . did dikshita actually do what she did .
User 1: aiyo no . i always need two friend circles so i've started to chill with my class people more and they were really helpful when i was sad at the start of sem . pretty sure that's what happened haha . what did you say
User 2: i said ya, it looks like it but she's not admitting . vishwa gave him the news
User 1:  my nigger be helpful . dude unconsciously missed out on a lot of class friendships because i was dating . kinda sad about that but i'm doing my best to just get to know people i missed out on
User 2: i understand :(( . now she's making the same mistakes . and i'm getting irritated . okay quick help, what to have fireball with
User 1: neat . it's not bad at all just very warm . and you get nice cinnamon taste
User 2: peace, i'll have
User 1: let her be . let her do her own thing . it's her last sem if she makes mistakes it's on her and prolly already too late for anything . good girl
User 2: ya i'm not even going to tell her, it just irritates me . she's only missing out by not hanging out with others . and that pranjal is also p selfish dude
User 1: shit deserves shit . but it's fine . they'll regret or enjoy it in the future so it's all good . only they two hangout full day kya ?
User 2: ya dude . even angad n all asked me that day if she's with him
User 1: lol
User 2: he was like divya good u moved out, dikshita can be with me then . you have that aunty ka number ?
User 1: man she can do what she wants . only she shouldn't waste other people ja time like she did with me because that's just a shit  mkvie . when did he say that wtf . i'll try asking . but she does only in bulk
User 2: that day she called me to crave . i thot shell come to meet me . but she got him also 
User 1: loll
User 2: so he told me then
User 1: jo attention de woh toh bhagwan
User 2: i got irritated
User 1: you should tell her that man
User 2: i have . and shes actually considering him to take part with us in tech tatva . one more bt
User 1: but pranjal being her pet sounds good to hear and if people think that she left me for him then toh cherry on top of cake
User 2: he won't leave us only
User 1:  . your sacred thing is fucked
User 2: i told her that day only, u dare get him
User 1: because obviously he won't back down
User 2: ya he's to adamant like that . something their doing, god knws
User 1: small village girl gives thoda bhav and baad over .  . try to get out of dik no .
User 2: ya i will . that day they went to beach also alone . . she's never done such things with us also . she always said she hated beaches
User 1: or me ? ? . she does
User 2: but she went to kapu . and she had planned we'll meet on sunday . but alas .
User 1: oo now toh i want to know what's up koll . she ditched you for beach ? !
User 2: no when i called her she was already at the beach . ya i'll ask her straight . she shudnt play with his feelings atleast
User 1: let me know loll
User 2: and tell her i'm getting irritated
User 1: usko aur uski behen ko aur kuch karna nahi aata
User 2: dude legit she has no one this sem other than pranjal currently . it worries me . she doesn't take effort also, but she knows he's always there
User 1: dude i love this breakup . ex doing bs stuff and me being surprisingly positive in life like i've never felt before hahahah . she doesn't want many friends .
User 2: ya haha supreeth was telling me that vishwa told him as to how happy u are , i was like hahah ask me about it
User 1: ek attention dede kafi hai . 
User 2: she's mad . nothing to look back and cherish in college . she's not come home two times also . they watch netflix also in the lib dude
User 1: dude in the block before i used to tell her to go to your room and chill she used to say no for that also because full day attention quota i fulfilled  
User 2: i find it cringy
User 2: i can just tell u all this, only u'll understand
User 1: bhai yeh legit creeppy . honestly, i don't know this dikshita:) . but i like to compare the old one and new ine . talk to praniti dude about this, she's too good . this is how i ended things with her haha
User 2: you told her about everything ? . eyy dam nice . actually give her number, i'll talk to her
User 1: dikshita told her as soon as it happened because clearly she's her only best friend
User 2: lol . no i mean that she cheated n all
User 1: is there sadness behind the lol ? . she knew everything
User 2: so she acknowledged what u said na . i mean not really , it's her stuff
User 1: she couldn't snitch so she helped me how much ever she could
User 2: il taln to pranu
User 1: that she told praniti and not you . you've gotta stop being so chill with her treating you like this and you wanting to know everything about her and helping her .
User 2: arey i try to help her as much . if she only doesn't want it , what can i do . she tells stuff, but maybe a little later lol
User 1: and not full . but i wanna what her scene is because this is too funny . i kinda hope she hooks up with him . stepping down is always a treat for the ex (me)
User 2: lol it is interesting indeed . ya pls try
User 1: asked i'll let you know
User 2: aiyoo . dude . i tried fireball . it's an acquired taste . full medicine it tastes like lol
User 1: no ya . just think about cinnamon buns . drinking at home ?
User 2: ya the taste is good . but only for people who like cinnamon . thanks . happy holidays
User 1: happy independence day
User 2: same . legit for you
User 1: not a happy holiday . good one hahha
User 2: our plan is pending
User 1: tomorrow or day after  ? . day after
User 2: tom is dryy day kya
User 1: 90 no . last year we got
User 2: then we'll go back tom
User 1: let's hope today is
User 2: go na
User 1: tbh im hoping to get laid tomorrow
User 2: oho . tinder ?
User 1: i'll tell you if it ever happens lol . can't jinc
User 2: then with who tom
User 1:  .
User 2: okay . if nothing tom then we'll go out
User 1: no mostly nahi hoga . plan is fixed . hookup isn't . lol
User 2: then hookup well happen . will
User 1: inshallah
User 2: then friday . or saturday . or sunday
User 1: any three i'm in
User 2: or next week lol
User 1: yeh week hi
User 2: then it has to be in the noon . coz sriyas friend is coming
User 1: every night you're partying ?
User 2: so night plans with them . orr then . we can go in the night . and then i'll join them . it's fine
User 1: so what one night go back drunk if you don't go on road trip . exactly . how's the booze haha
User 2: ya okay . in not drinking a lot today . weekend will be too much
User 1: haha alright
User 2: i'm texting praniti now lol
User 1: let me know all gossip and i'll do the same :p
User 2: shit i wrote a very long message
User 1: ss please ?
User 2: ya wait let her reply
User 1: senddss
User 2: i knw she really likes spending time with him etc, he's a really nice guy but she doing all this at the expense of her other friendships . she's not met even one of us in three weeks and has legit just been with him . i'm sure no one wants to spend their last semester with only one person . she's just isolating her for no reason . she might feel she doesn't need more people but i dont understand how u can be like that . i've tired explaining to her a lott of times to spend a little time away from pranjal because that guy likes a her a lot and i feel it's a little selfish from her side for making it so hard for him to get over considering the fact that she always tells him that their just best friends . but besides this, it's fine if she wants to spend all day with him, but i don't feel it's good for her if she doesn't hang out with others . what would u even look back at after college gets over if u just hang out with one person ? . her break up with jenit was ugly , idk what she's upto with mahiman and pranjal but all i knw she's in one big mess and she doesnt speak about it . and i  just feel it isn't healthy for her to just be with pranjal all day because he will do anything to be with her all day but she needs to be a little firm . i try my best to get her to chill with others but she always evades it by saying it's lazy and it's a little irritating tbh . i really care for her, and try to hang out with her but i think ure the one she actually listens to .and u shud actually make  her realize that pranjal isn't the only one for her and she shud actually take a little effort to chill with others . what's the point of college life man when u just have one friend . idk if she realizes this so i just wanted to talk to you about this and actually knw what's up in her mind . you'll be the best one to guide her :))
User 1: good messages . dekhte hai kya hota hai
User 2: im genuinely so glad you told me this ! ill definitely speak to her about this because its the last time where you can genuinely spend time with all your college friends who have become family in these four years ! i know she is super close to pranjal and loves his company but he really likes her and she doesnt so it might be misleading for him ! . i think she just enjoys spending time with him and he motivates guides her to study really hard which is why she has been doing so well ! . so there have been way too many things that have happened in the last few months ! whatever she has been telling jenit is to help him move on because i can imagine how painful it must have been for him to break up after so long .
User 1: tell her that it's nothing of this sort because last sem she was alone and got her highest gpa . i think forgot to tell her i moved on . tell her lying doesn't give the ex a closure so
User 2: good one
User 1: did dikshita tell you to not talk to me ? because she did tell me to not talk to you
User 2: no she din tell me anything like that . when she told . i heard some recording shit ur going to do
User 1: who said . yesterday we met and spoke for like twenty mins lol . tell
User 2: about what . i really don't remember, i was too high
User 1: the gossip finally reached her . sure .
User 2: dude i swear . what gossip
User 1: you dont forget stuff when youre high . that everyone knows now that she cheated on me
User 2: u shud have seen me dude , i was dead . convo was good or bad
User 1: shes basically like you know the shit going on in my family please dont my life harder by spreading nonsense . and i said, first of all its not nonsense because i have proof of the date and time you did it and she literally said "dont go into the technicals i didnt cheat on you" . and i straight up told her that whatever i'm doing is to make myself feel better and not to make you feel bad . if in the process anything happens then you just face the consequences of her actions . then shes like you are just taking revenge . and i said taking revenge, and me trying to make myself feel better about what happened are different sides of the same coin so she can take it anyway she decides to . and then she was literally jsut trying to win the argument by actually saying random shit that i wasnt there for her surgery but she was there for mine and how she pitied me after i broke my hand and how i "hit" her in the car in kerela . (in fact you know that i was just telling her to stay the fuck away from me) . and she also said haha what have you even done for me in the past three years and i died . because legit the last three years were dedicated only to her so i dont know what the fuck was she saying .
User 2: okay this i don't agree with her, she din even tell u about the surgery  . did she ?
User 1: nope i saw the bandage yesterday onl . and she had pranjal waiting in kmc im sure so why is she just saying futile things
User 2: ouch . u actually did a lot . thats rude, even i was there . dude all my friends are asking me whose the new guy with her
User 1: tell her her new pet . good bonding sess i see
User 2: but ya, apprently they were holding hands and shit
User 1: oh . well thats new news . hmm fine i'll agree this thing actually kinda makes me uncomfy . if its true . who saw this
User 2: why . angad i think
User 1: im only human . accah . man you are not giving me new confirmed intel only ish
User 2: huh ? . arey i've not seen all this, how can i confirm
User 1: arre get stuff out of dikshita no . tum bestfriend ho ya "bestfriend" ho
User 2: she had come home that day . she said it's peace with pranjal . arey i don't ask so much detail . it's her life , let her be happy
User 1: accha alright . i cant push you either fair enough
User 2: i'll tell u if i knw of some big improvement
User 1: i mean the good thing is, was my possessiveness ever wrong seeing how things are now ? validation that in manipal i've been wrong only about nethraa gives me some sense of peace :p wouldnt you agree
User 2: lol, maybe . ya but pranjal is clingy . won't leave whatever happens
User 1: i mean its dikshitas choice . if she doesnt want him to leave then he wont . i feel its a toxic relationship or whatever between them because dikshita is using him to fulfil her quota for attention and he is taking all this is the positive light and losing his self respect by getting used . because no way people get this close without a negative thing looming over them . but well anyway its neither of our responsibility to tell people wtf to do (one of the things i learned from dikshita and im grateful for that at least) . murphy's law: anything that can happen wwill happen . :))))
User 2: true i agree to this . i am 
User 1: get popcorn also haahhaha
User 2: i think my friends onyl will give gossip about her . because they see her in campus
User 1: very  surprsingly i have seen them together only once haha that day when you were giving her her stuff back . include me too thanks
User 2: their near the boys blocks
User 1: doesnt pranjal live outside ?
User 2: noo
User 1: accha . then i actually dont understand how dikshita is playing this . tbh and like genuinely honest, this isnt the dikshita i know .
User 2: don't know what she's doing . as of now this .
User 1: dude honestly just like me, she hurting real bad . we just need to learn how to be single and make mistakes along the way . her this phase is part of the mistake . let her go through . it'll be fine . tbh it's irritating how i can't hate hate dikshita . eh well so be it . i kinda got excited yesterday and told her that she ain't gonna find a better boyfriend than me 
User 2: lol what she said then . where did u even meet her
User 1: outside her class stairs . nothing really . which wing are you in
User 2: e
User 1: i'm in c right now
User 2: doing what
User 1: i'm at priyankas place . drunk af . and i have interviews tomorrow . 
User 2: ur staying at emerald . i'll come meet you ? . i'm also drunk . lol
User 1: tell me your apartment
User 2: i've gone to buy alc . i'll tell u when i'm back . u come down . jenit
User 1: how fucked were we 
User 2: don't ask  . u were gone
User 1: you were too right
User 2: about what
User 1: you were drunk too right
User 2: yaa but not as much as u
User 1: man i went back then smoked till 3:30 and came for the interview at 8 . everyone over here was hungover including sahil hahahah
User 2: ya  . how was it the interview
User 1: i'm tanking it . fucking they did a video call  . i was saying such random things 
User 2: oh god . but sahil had gd
User 1: his profile is different . i got shortlisted for ml role and only seven people are shortlisted for that so i'm scared that they can take
User 2: but did u seem like u din knw anything
User 1: while explaining the internship thing i implied i copied everything and then he's like do you know how it works i'm like lol no . mostly they shouldn't take . i didn't tell them anything about the part which i implemented from scratch loll
User 2: ur mad
User 1: man i deserve more than 7 .5 and i'm not going to settle
User 2: hmm ya
User 1: fucking they are taking one more interview fuck . dude they are asking everyone stupid questions . they asked bubble sort also
User 2: loll . more u don't want something, u'll get it
User 1: ya wtf is that about . oh now i'm not going to talk only . short replies only . okay then keep your secrets
User 2: i was going to ask u to go to placement portal lol
User 1: tell now i'm just leaving
User 2: nono it's fine . done
User 1: got quantiphi . :
User 2: wohoo . congo man !
User 1: no
User 2: it's fine, it'll be good only . ur simply overthinking . was it s offer ?
User 1: no . no . no
User 2: then it's leave . peace . u can still sit for ur pc
User 1: vmware won't be worth it so
User 2: how genuine was this
User 1: why is she sending it to you
User 2:  ?
User 1:  .
User 2: idk she just sent . that u understood what she said . hence this . now tell
User 1: idk what she means by this . man i called her bitch and blah blah a little too much on her face . it was a good three years even though it was a big waste of time . i don't want to keep grudges . just increases the negativity . so wanted to complete the entire dikshita chapter peacefully . and soon enough it'll be out of sight out of mind
User 2: good enough
User 1: now you'll send this to her right 
User 2: no lol
User 1: accha okay . did you tell him something idk yet ? . you're supposed to tell me all this . dikshita said she isn't dating him . like i texted her like rn . do you want to give me some input
User 2: who ?
User 1: you just reply to thia
User 2: harshit came n told me you started dating pranjal ? . wtf . even i sent her this
User 1: huh ? ?
User 2: idk anything that's happening
User 1: did dikshita start dating pranjal . oh
User 2: ya . in as clueless as u are
User 1: fuck i need to start meditating again . does harshit have the last lecture
User 2: no . even i'm home
User 1: do y'all have lectures now ?
User 2: but peoplw r talking about both of them . apprently pranjal announced
User 1: that they are dating ?
User 2: ya . even siddhant jain came n asked me . in like i have no idea whatsoever
User 1: next time i want these updates asap .
User 2: i came to know at 10:05 to be precise
User 1: today he announced ?
User 2: that idk
User 1: can you stop being so blah fucking hell . who told you ?
User 2: harshit only da . arey if i actually don't knw what i'll tell . kuch bhi . why r u removing it frustration on me . ur
User 1: it's called having a fucking panic attack when the teacher is teaching awau
User 2: still . if ur so curious to know u only find out na
User 1: okay . don't tell me anything about her then from todau
User 2: i don't mind waiting till the news comes, im not probing so much also . when i have something i tell . as of now i don't have anything but ur not ready to believe
User 1: because i didn't know harshit knew first  ! . i thought you told him
User 2: exactly . so find out before u yell at me
User 1: i'm not yelling man . i wanted you to tell me something to freaking calm me down jesus .
User 2: im sorry i cudnt help
User 1: it's okay
User 2: chill
User 1: you don't ask a person thinking 1000 things to chill
User 2: idk what ur thinking about . i thot u din care
User 1: if you find out about them for a confirmed fact let me know . i have some tricks up my sleeve :)
User 2: ya dw . ill stop talking to her if she doesnt tell
User 1: stuff guys tell themselves to make ourselves feel better . like definitely over her but it's just hard for some fuck all reason . lol okay
User 2: why tf is she apologizing . 
User 1: what do you mean ?
User 2: "i'll try to make it up to you"
User 1: omg . divya i love how naive you are . make it up to me in the sense return the favor for the  . basically hooking up . aiyo divya such a cute small kiddo 
User 2: ohh  . lol . got ya
User 1: also never start the chat since you are the girl
User 2: i haven't till now
User 1: let me train youu
User 2:  . i'm a noob only
User 1: man i'm no pro . it's so fucking weird for me to flirt with strangers . eh we'll learn together . dude pooja saw dikshita walking with some guy and holding hands . rucha sent me this message . yeah they are dating . man i drunk texted nethraa to clear stuff out because manipal is ending and she's like i doubt we'll ever meet again but until then good luck . lol udhar bhi kata . even vidit saw lol nevermind then no option but to accept
User 2: so you texted or no ? . no daa, i know they aren't
User 1: yeah . this is what she said but
User 2: hmm
User 1: you accept it . anyway she won't tell you . clearly you aren't important enough . meet me in the break no
User 2: okayy . where
User 1: outside class . i'm in three hundred and fourteen
User 2: okay i'll come
User 1: where are you
User 2: outside three hundred and fourteen
User 1: wru . go cleanse now
User 2:  . he's tamilian da
User 1: how does it make it better
User 2: he's sweet guy wl
User 1: aiyo . okay okay . but eh you've hooked up with more people than me in manipal
User 2:  . you did enough with one person
User 1: quantity over quality
User 2: that's why ur in quantify ytics 
User 1: huh
User 2:  .
User 1: how is it related go
User 2: quantity- quantify
User 1: one day either i'll start understanding your jokes or you will become funny
User 2: ya i knw it's lame . but i felt like saying it
User 1: and i'm glad you said it . not glad that you are inactive on tinder
User 2: too much effort dude
User 1: hoe around . last semester . be dikshita :p
User 2: aiyoo
User 1: for guys
User 2: effort to continue the chat
User 1: try something new before you don't get to try .  .
User 2: everyone is saying this ughh
User 1: you know it's true internally . do do . you me harshit after drinking on tuesday
User 2: i have full day on tues . but ya okay
User 1: that's the spirit of last sem . good you learning . :p
User 2:  . no regrets ultimately . lol
User 1: bro
User 2: hahaha . new sem new me
User 1: you go girl !
User 2:  . wanted to message u last night only . but i passed out . but you would have been busy with other things 
User 1: about  ? . like
User 2: stfu . i knw what happened y'day .  . u tell me . ur scenes
User 1: what  . tell toh about ?
User 2: schenider electric 
User 1: you think i hooked up with arusha ? 
User 2: everyone knows u did . lol
User 1:  . no i didn't  . why do y'all think that btw ?
User 2: don't lie
User 1: tell
User 2: because someone came and told usb . at the party
User 1: who is this 
User 2: i was too drunk . and i was like wtf
User 1: which party were you at
User 2: but i cudnt find ur name on my phone . my friend ka placement party . i really couldn't remember
User 1: even you were deetee ?
User 2: nono mine was at tito's
User 1: oh bro you're getting some wrong news  . arusha is with jain
User 2: that i knw
User 1: nothing happened da
User 2: do i believe u
User 1: i'm planning to make a scene with dikshitas school friend 
User 2: who ?
User 1: dude today even if someone didnt know theyd have found out . i literally paid the auto and looked away for a second .  . and they started . yeah man .  there was like a one second gap . this girl called shivangi . from alipore 
User 2: whose thusb . who paid
User 1: jain arusha
User 2: dik and pranjal ?n . how u started talking to her
User 1: no man this is revatis chat . tinder only lol
User 2: but then how their talking about u and arusha . they were like u made out in campus . she's in manipal ?
User 1: yo i want to this but haven't so far . wish i was as fast as dik . kmc loll
User 2: : . so many people are asking me . if dik is datijgb . so i asked her that day . what shud i tell people
User 1: dude these tinder girls ask me to meet and i become awkward and come up with an excuse not to  . and
User 2: she said, ya tell them i'm dating . because it'll happen
User 1: wahh
User 2: aiyo why . go man
User 1: did they have sex or no 
User 2: no place to do so 
User 2: loll . after sessional n all she just went out with him . it's sad
User 1: theek hai let her get her rebound phase out . dude her being so sexually needy after being such an innocent girl is beautiful to see . i literally made her like it and now she's trying to replace that feeling with village boi  . love it . which base did you reach finally 
User 2: relax
User 1: sessionals over man . hoe around
User 2: lol let's see
User 1: tell no . i'm too curious i'll be honest
User 2: 2ish
User 1: don't want to know what the ish means  . but i love how your drinking has increased to such a level
User 2: i swear . i did hooka for the first time today . yday
User 1: about time  . missed out on enough because of hostels . welcome to the fresh air of freedom
User 2: it feels dam good going back post 11 . i think all the parties start only post ten 
User 1:  . i used to take snaps in first year if i was out at 12 . tell dikshita to stay over and take her out and show her the real manipal before its over . lol
User 2: she won't . i know it . she's happy vid calling pranjal only post 11
User 1: eh then let her have her college life . she'll realise it too late that her college stories are as worthless as her school ones . tbh i can't wait for pranjal to get cheated on
User 2: aiyo relax . he told his whole fam n all also . she was telling me that day . "he got the girl he wanted since 3rd sem"
User 1: dude she hooked up with the two guys i was possessive about and still breakup was my fault according to her  . very movie ish till now . waiting till uska bhi kate  . seems like they both will stay for 8th sem here only
User 2: she is for sure . idk about him . where r u interning
User 1: nothing decided yet bro . still looking . oh damn . i thought she couldn't wait to leave manipal
User 2: same . lol but she doesn't like working . hence project
User 1: i hope i get abroad  . otherwise if it's not mumbai then i'll have to keep travelling multiple times . too many functions and what not
User 2: hmm true . what u doing today
User 1: just woke up . oops . you ?
User 2: hahah . just chilling . watching movie
User 1: just woke up again part 2 . haha what did you have in mind
User 2: our fot plan
User 1: aisho . we'll do  . why you up so late lol
User 2: it's saturday lol . and these peeps were drunk . so handling them
User 1: why didn't you drink 
User 2: too much i had . y'day and day before . listen . uve been to wayanad ? . also u have to the number of the cab guy who took us to bekal ?
User 1: dikshita booked it . nope . call him and ask tho he's good
User 2: yess called . thanks . planning to go to wayanad this weekend
User 1: you're going with him only ?
User 2: ya he gave most reasnable quote . because we din get train tickets
User 1: hahah since 1st year . tell him the pragati ka ladka says hi lol
User 2: and there is no direct train, we had to take a car from calicut to wayanad . so might as well take from udupi . he knows you ?
User 1: the driver no ?
User 2: oh there is only one driver ?
User 1: i ask him since the end of 1st sem . yes . he sent a diff one but tilld ate just oncr
User 2:  ? . oh then ill ask him on the trip lol
User 1: he sent a diff guy but till date just once . haha . who all are going tho
User 2: class peeps
User 1: noicee
User 2: give good 
User 1: when will you come to take
User 2: that u coordinate with supreeth . idk all that . dont scam quantity n all 
User 1: oh yeah he texted dw
User 2: jj . you won't get weird if dik and you are at the same party na
User 1: i won't . whose but . which one are you throwing
User 2: mostly giving placement party
User 1: what did she say 
User 2: i haven't asked her 
User 1: what if i said i will
User 2: then uve to just deal with it . and leave in a while if u want lol
User 1: i've been meaning to have the "last talk" with her but i thought i'd save it for end sem time . this looks like a good opportunities . ouchh
User 2: i'm kidding . arey there are going to be one hundred people . so ull know many people . and i'll call harshit also . ya best when she's drunk
User 1: whenn
User 2: let's see . still deciding . five of us are planning to give
User 1: this weekend only . wtf
User 2: i'm only not there lol . u think i'll treat one hundred people !
User 1: oh yeah . i thought one hundred was an exaggeration . then toh i won't get space only with her
User 2: noo . she won't know anyone .
User 1: and if harshit is there then he won't allowbme
User 2: she only knws us girls
User 1:  thing to say
User 2: it's the truth . even shes accepted it
User 1: di(c)k 
User 2: lol . 
User 1: well duh
User 2: that's not the point . i just want her to be there . when a person is drunk, doesn't matter whose there around
User 1: may her college life rest in peace
User 2: ull just mingle
User 1: she's cheat on pranjal there only 
User 2: strict instructions for no pranjal lol . but i doubt she'll get him
User 1: i wouldn't be this confident . as soon as she finds out i'm coming as well . pranjal will get the order . which he'll dutifully carry out
User 2: okay well see
User 1: atb
User 2: he'll come to pick her or something like that
User 1: but yeah i'm in
User 2: hahah good
User 1: no auto money sorry
User 2: when am i getting your party ha . lol . let them figure out  .  ?
User 1: placement party i gave harshit and all at his place only . but for birthday party i'm actually planning something big . like even extended friends i'll call . need to throw a good one .
User 2: achaa
User 1: i'm just hoping dad gives money because when i told him that i might drink on my 21st he said "don't okay"
User 2: one is good enough lol . 
User 1: the bois got a breakup party as well 
User 2: ya dam sick
User 1: but i was so happy that day hahaha . twas fun . last semester magic is something else only
User 2: i'm toh loving it . i got eight in one sessional n all b . but yolo
User 1: my average is thirteen this sessional :p
User 2: wtf . what a topper
User 1: that's the spirit but good going divs . i would love to know your expenditure this sem 
User 2: a loty . like four times what i usually spend
User 1: i'm glad . welcome to adulthood .
User 2:  . dam nice . ur  is too strong man 
User 1: haha glad to know i could help . who did dikshita finally go to goa with
User 2: class friends
User 1: is she the only girl 
User 2: only five of them
User 1: kaun ?
User 2: haha yeah . idk them . pranjal is the only one i knw
User 1: lol finally he'll get laid atleast
User 2: lol that idk
User 1: how's your trip going
User 2: greatt . just just finished one mini trek
User 1: oho treks wtf . yall are supposed to eat food and smoke 
User 2: we're not like u . what did u do this weekend
User 1: i'm planning to study and get laid today . and tomorrow kundapura . chicken ghee roast
User 2: by whom . whose this chick
User 1: if it happens then i'll tell you
User 2: arey . but . tinder girl ?
User 1: yep
User 2: same detee one ?
User 1: urgh i can't believe i'm going to lose the race to fucking somebody else with dik . which deetee da ?
User 2: the one u ditched
User 1: once i got ditched also . she was too drunk so her friends took her home . it was just bad timing . but i'm meeting this one
User 2: ok good luck
User 1: thank you fam . when you coming back
User 2: tom night
User 1: chalo nice you enjoy . love the extra drama
User 2:  . jenit . hate to say this . but
User 1: tell
User 2: dik isnt comfy with me calling u for the party . so . im telling u before only so tht u dont feel bad later
User 1: good1@your diplomacy
User 1:  .
User 2: but shes just nt comfy . shes like she doesnt want it at any cost . now what can i do
User 1: yep and a fake best friends wishes should be so important
User 2: no fake frnd n all
User 1: it's fine . it's already decided so no point talking about it . have fun with your party . and i don't want to hear anything you say so goodnight :) .
User 2: okay . i'm sorry, i din mean it to go this way . but don't expect u to be fine with it . so respect it . just din expect us to stop talking like this
User 1: dik told me to stop talking to you and i said it's divyas decision . seems like youve made your decision . good stuff .
User 2: how is this the decision . i'm not stopping to talk to you . you don't know how many people ask me as to how i still speak to you after you and dik . but i always shun all those comments
User 1: you prolly should seeing how manipulatable you are . thanks man . so much . you make tour decisions man
User 2: but this i really can't do anything about it
User 1: you're a grown up . grown up much
User 2: ugh idk how to explain . it's fine, u can take it as u want . i have no justification
User 1: just don't give me bt in the future with some party i'm not going to be invited to . yep . goodnight
User 2: okay i'll take care of that . bt would be if i called u there and then told u to leave
User 1: goodbye divya . nice knowing you .
User 2: bye jenit . talk once in a while if u feel like
User 1: okay i feel like .
User 2: i wanted you there . i put u on my list also  . but now if she puts conditions like that n all what can i do man . i don't want people getting bt there
User 1: wanted kuch nahi hota hai . if you want then kuch koi nahi rok saktha . and dekhlo kaise dost hai . oh i'm too chill with those peeps . i was drunk today and warmly greeted sriya and all
User 2: she feels u'll go talk to her and some shit will happen . no sriya n all are okay , only dik
User 1: you know the truth so dont want . to say anything . theek . dekhlo
User 2: yes but i can't assure anything  . if itna hai toh, i'll treat u later
User 1: i'm not begging for an invitation . idc about a treat . if you want me there i'll be there . if you don't then you know you'll have my luck .
User 2:  .
User 1: and like i said i'm not eagerly waiting for an invitation :)
User 2: okay . i have nothing else to say
User 1: night
User 2: both of us are right in our own ways
User 1: and totally understand that as well
User 2: happy birthday jenit 
User 1: thank you
User 2: hi jenit . dikshita wanted me to ask you as to why your adding her back on all social media platforms
User 1:  . what all . i saw her name on snapchat and i addedn . that's about it . but nevermind tell her i'll cancel the request
User 2: insta all it seems . she din accept ?
User 1: na bro . i'm telling you no i saw her name on snapchat so i did . snapchat she didn't . uske alava i didn't send .
User 2: lol she sent me this
User 1: i checked to prove you wrong but she has blocked me lol . fuck :x bro . wait i need to change my passwordn
User 2: what ? . you're saying she sent herself a request ? 
User 1: no man . arre i'm saying samnese i sent on sc
User 2: then this ?
User 1: of my insta . because no idea about this . when is this from
User 2: she sent like last week . and y'day snap chat
User 1: yes this is true . yeah bro i have no explanation for this . i'm not stupid enough to send a request that i know won't be accepted . but yeah apologize to her from my end . send her ss of this chat only . yeah dikshita, sorry for the mishap, need to change my insta password . sorry if you were weirded out by the sc request . no explanation for the insta thing .
User 2: so are you saying you did not send the insta request ? 
User 1: why will i send and how will i stalk a private profile 
User 2: why do h need to stalk lol . you know it all
User 1: exactly 
User 2: lol okay . good for him . he was probably drunk
User 1: oh bro can you tell me if it was between 19-21 . like when she got the request ?
User 2: bro i've come for a movie . ill call u later . wait
User 1: sorryy . yeah just tell me this whenever you're free
User 2: loll . exactly nineteen
User 2: this is getting dam interesting 
User 1: arre thank god . yeah so i was on a friend's bachelor trip
User 2: it's interval now
User 1: and we were tripping 
User 2: so it was by mistake na
User 1: someone might have sent it from my phone because they still tease me with her since they only know one girl from manipal . but i didnt do it . and that's more important .
User 2: loll . too good . 
User 1: yeah please send her this too
User 2: ysa . send . sent
User 1: thanks . one thing she's wrong about because it was muslims bachelor trip so no alcohol
User 2: she told me she doesn want to know anymore 
User 1: ya man even she needs a good story . multiple ex's behind her . eh let her have her day :') . some happiness even she deserves . she could use it seeing the way her college went 
User 2: aiyo
User 1: okay bro i don't want to keep enmity between us . doesn't seem worth it .
User 2: thank you . i have been fine only . you only din accept my apologies . but i'm sorry again . might have been a bitch,but   din mean to hurt you like that
User 1: yeah no that's still not good enough . we'll talk about the treat you owe me in bangalore
User 2:  . sick guy . we'll call dikshita also
User 1: i'm taking one from you .
User 1: bro she's not ready to face me and she will have assumptions that i want her back and bs . she hasn't grown uff what to do . clearly the fact that i'm with someone else won't change that . so eh
User 2: what . who . anushka teivedi
User 1: yaass
User 2: what . are you serious
User 1: like we aren't dating because she's going to be in paris and all . then hyd
User 2: your dating her ? . omg this seems like my life now
User 1: but we really like each other and i'm spending nye with her too . whyy . oh wait . amrit thing . 
User 2: sweet
User 1: so how's that going :p
User 2: from when
User 1: after lab end sem 
User 2: but obv y'all have hooked up  ?
User 1: okay i swear to god this isn't a joke, i think she and dikshita have stayed over equal number of times 
User 1: catch me up !
User 2: your parents know ? . arey we talk and all . it atleast you and anushka are in same city . we both aren't we in the same lol
User 1: exactly and dikshita will still think oh jenit wants me so yeah let it be only two of us xd . he's in bangalore only no
User 2: ya
User 1: powai ! that is ldr to 
User 2: and im in line . pune
User 1: oh yeah i keep forgetting
User 2: but she stays over and all --
User 1: i thought you were taking the visa thing . arre in pragati baba . mad or what in mumbai 
User 2: oohh . now it makes sense . lol . so shud i tell her or no
User 1: man one habit i adopted from dikshita is to be nice to people and not judge . since i'm completely over her i have no enmity . but tell her what exactly lol
User 2: that your with anushka . because she always suspected
User 1: oh lol i don't think she cares . haha no . i liked only somiya when i was with her  . anushka helped me get outta the alcoholic phase post break up and that's how we started bonding . like post breakup right ?
User 2: ya ya
User 1: but yeah tell her anything that makes her believe that i'm actually not behind her . want her to have that peace of mindn . oh oh yeah then nevermind perfect . yeah idm her knowing :)
User 2: ya ,i always thought it would be either arusha or jain
User 1: arusha and i are too chill bro . plus she's in an exclusive thing with aditya jain since august
User 2: ya jain thing i know . but anushka had scene with some one before na . not sohan . in 7th sem
User 1: ya vaibhav . but like was kinda a hookup only . idhar feelings aa gayi 
User 2: aww
User 1: this don't tell outside
User 2: so now y'all are exclusive or no . lol everyone knows
User 1: lol . we gonna get drunk tomorrow and have the talk talk 
User 2: hahah it's important
User 1: but mostly no . she needs to experience paris man . and even i'll be in bangalore with new people around me
User 2: truee . and if it's meant to be . y'all will be back together
User 1: we aren't in the same city the entire two thousand and twenty like properly . so well . let's see how it goes
User 2: it's sad no . fate can be really sucky sometimes
User 1: such is life eh . what's your scene . did you apply for colleges
User 2: yess . just waiting . fir decisions
User 1: time left for the results to come out no
User 2: deadlines haven't passed na . it'll come after deadlines . by feb i should know
User 1: too exciting next year should be ! . how is madam doing ? like is she fine in life ? 
User 2: i'm too excited . soo many new things . ya, shell go to blore now . she's living in a dam fancy pg
User 1: ff21 ? 
User 2: idk somewhere in whitefield
User 1: oh man . oh man
User 2: your staying there ? .  !
User 1: i'm living in whitefield in a fancy pg 
User 1: uf manipal will never leave me
User 2: so you for quantiphy blore only for i ? . ff21 . good luck
User 1: which branch ask . there are many . i for sure . then let's see if i like the job and all . don't tell her about me
User 2: haven't
User 1: pune what's your companies name
User 2: tech mahindra . lol she din even respond to when i told her about anushka
User 1: what role ?
User 2: data scientist
User 1: it's fine da she doesn't want to hear . sexxbomb . fuck mahindra is toh too big
User 2: like ill make sure they give me work in that domain . pmc . branch . i already knew this
User 1: but they might have given studying material no . anushka thing . lol
User 2: your branch ?
User 1:  .  . it's going to be to fun
User 2: i'm trying . dying
User 1: yeah two thousand and twenty drama has started
User 2: luck is crazy 
User 1: bro when i tell anushka she'll flip
User 2: and guess what
User 1: unlucky
User 2: who else stays there
User 1:  . oh man . 
User 2: they booked together . before break up . 
User 1: i'm actually laughing too loudly 
User 2: like that dialogue is there na . kismat bahut kutti cheez hai
User 1: kasamse
User 2: fie her atleast
User 1: bro don't tell her
User 2: dude she'll change it
User 1: can't wait to just walk in front of her
User 2: if i tell
User 1: ya . don't 
User 2: you shouldn't tell i know . pls
User 1:  ?
User 2: with time it's going to bother me less and less . no more .  . nope . have to go there and find out
User 1: what no more . i bother her ? 
User 2: meaning i don't think she likes your presence(
User 1: you won't tell her i'm in pmc you mean ?
User 2: idk . ya that i won't
User 1: it's okay .
User 2: but you shouldn't tell her that i knew about you also staying there
User 1: she'll grow aise only . good she will . about time smh . oh yeah lol . who divya  idk her
User 2: good one . shit . you . dik . pranjal . can't even explain . shit
User 1: bhai saab ispe koi serial banao .  . this is kaustubh 
User 2: i swear
User 1: oh bro .
User 2: the one thing dik and pranjal want to go away from . it's going right there 
User 1: yeah every time i talk to you i find out too many col things
User 2: she's leaving on 3rd
User 1: but how is she towards the poor boy now ?
User 2: hahahah my pleasure
User 1: bahut katta uska 
User 2: she doesn't tell properly man . but she still talks tk him, she says
User 1: she exactly like vidushi bro . yeah she likes to play with her boys . yeah i'm to excited for blore . are you coming there next sem ?
User 2: when i come . i'll visit . and act as if i'm to shocked to see you . i will pakka . and my internship is 4mos only . so after may pakka i'll come
User 2: fkr like 1-2 weeks
User 1: after may let's see where i am . but mid sem manipal mai we'll be
User 2: yours is 6mos na
User 1: for the report
User 2: yes
User 1: rip
User 2: i want to see if dik tells me you stay there . so you'll be there in may . when are you going to blore
User 1: i expect a proper fully paid drunken night for me . bitch . 11th
User 2: oh she has one week alone
User 1: and then the new tenant shows up . o
User 2: dude i think she'll vacate . if you're on the same floor . then gone
User 1: no i'm literally in the parking lot . so that's finen . three months minimum
User 2: oh god
User 1: but divyaa . what about amrit . man . you didn't tell me about your endeavors only this sem . finaly you had some endeavors to talk about . uff
User 2: arey what can i do about him  nothing can be done . loll . three boys
User 1: hookup before you left . names divya names
User 2: no that din happen . it's actually good . it would have been dam sad then
User 1: yolo
User 2: anjin
User 1: oh yeah sriya told me she pimped you out on tinder :p . bro where the fuck was that app during the first six sems  . it was soo entertaining hahahah
User 2: ya stupid girl . what was scene with you and anjali . in tbe middle . shadily you used to call her
User 1: huh  . bro why do you think i hooked up with arusha and then did all this w anjali . we literally never even spoke except memes and outside the class with sriya present 
User 2: wait what . you hooked up with arusha ?
User 1: you thought i did which i didn't na . who is saying all this 
User 2: i was there when you called ?
User 1: huh when da  . bro anjali and i barely spoke since the breakup because there wasn't anything  . to talk about . na bro i don't remember i was prolly drunk and something must have happened regarding her lol . nono i was actually pretty single the entire time
User 2: even i don't remember . i had told sriya to ask . but she forgot . so even i forogt lol
User 1: i did try with sahoo tho couple of weeks into college but that didnt work out because she's like you're my buddy and i was like tru lol . we were chill after that
User 2: ya i knw . you told me this
User 1: and so many stories you've heard of me idek  . then directly anushka . lol . made too many new friends this sem so kinda was loving the single life
User 2: that's good dude . 7th sem worth it
User 1: kinda went too hard tho . one thing dik did good was not let me smoke . lost seven kgs bro what are you saying
User 2: haha always good things to look back on . that's bad
User 1: yeah she wasn't all that bad . mom's food 4kgs already  . bro all my whatsapp groups are going madd
User 2: i'm eating so much . whyy . ff21 ?
User 1: everyone is trippingg on this .  . fuck bro kismat is to kharab . i can't tell anushka otherwise tomorrow night will be ruined  . fuckk . my social balance gets disrupted after talking to you man . g1
User 2: whyy she doesn't like her ? . dude i still cant believe it . is it coincidence or what . fuck . insane
User 1: why will you like your boys ex living in the same building when you're in a different timezone . bro . so the only reason i know my room wont be on her floor is because i got the last bed in the property 
User 2: true . imagine her . both her exes . she doesn't know her floor and all
User 1: she's into astrology no . time for her to do one havan . yeah yeah no one does but mine is separate from all the other rooms . four rooms are thoda separate so
User 2: i'm such a sadist ugh
User 1: i love that you love to poke .  . poke moree
User 2: wait shh . omg
User 1: waiting . from jenit only . i didn't understand this . aiyo what has dikshita become 
User 2: i think she plainly meant she rebounded from you
User 1: oh that of course
User 2: dude she'll get one shock seeing u there
User 1: she is going to breaak . vasvi ? ?
User 2: whose going to leave the pg first is going to be a good question hmm . ya
User 1: they are rooming ? 
User 2: nono . same company . these are single rooms na ?
User 1: why she'll slap omg i've been nothing but distant and accepting mann . both are there
User 2: shit this is a coed pg ?
User 1: ya . but roommates of same gender
User 2: oh . and can go in other rooms ?
User 1:  stop talking like a kid . same building da
User 2:  . progressive
User 1: i wanna know this tho
User 2: that you ask when she slaps you there 
User 1: but yeah i was hoping long term mai we could get on speaking terms of possible because well i did grow up w her and after her (because of her) but oh well .  . now i clearly won't try 
User 2:  . eleven jan . big mahabharata
User 1: slap day . ininin . don't tell sriya and all also now . let everyone find out through insta  . ah perfect end to a day . yahi toh chaiye life mai
User 2: oh okay . not like she'll do anything
User 1: arre no . like i don't want dik to have any idea . funny things like these spread too fast and you know it . the tag line for the pg is . ah the irony
User 2:  . omg . irony max . actually well make movie
User 1: short clips from over the years
User 2: i have many pics of the both of you . lol
User 1: will need seeing that i deleted everything
User 2: have fun 
User 1: ew i didnt even have these . for good reason . ew
User 2: those were the days
User 1: to be forgotten . yes they were
User 2:  . good days only
User 1: i mean yes not exact time waste . now i know so many more things that i don't want in my partner
User 2: so good learning . college has made u stronger
User 1: yeah i'll tell this to dikshita after she slaps me
User 2: will she is the question
User 1: bro she wont have the balls to talk to me only hahaha . when she sees me i'll be like hi, she'll look at me and then look away and just walk off
User 2: i don't it'll register that you live there . your going to eat in their mess ?
User 1:  . yeah lol . meals together too 
User 2: wonderful . one hum saath saath hai scene
User 1: more like armageddon
User 2: but you never know dude . y'all can become good friends
User 1: how many years do you want me to waste you tell me . plus kaha ka attitude shes chucking at me i don't understand she was the one who cheated and then dated the other dude i was insecure about . she should be apologetic at the least . but eh i don't expect it from her so good
User 2: happy new yearr . it's fine . all that's done is done . it's time to enjoyy . happy new year 
User 1: happy new year ! 
User 2: your in for some good entertainment soon
User 1: soumya texted arusha . saying she saw them  . yep good weekend ahead
User 2: oh ya she's there for company . pls give deets
User 1: bro i've never spoken to her  . except the customary awkward smiless . yeah well you think you have to ask  . there will be two sides to it . she will also text you 
User 2: yeah true . god knows what will happen . when are you reaching there
User 1: tomorrow evening i'll be there
User 2: sortedd . good luck for workk . have fun
User 1: thankss
User 2: what happened !m . all normal it seems like ? xd
User 1: haha yeah . it kinda was . we just spoke and caught up on everything . and just assured her i wasn't going to be a bt  . because last night for four hours, pranjal was giving her bt in her room  . ahh fun
User 2: that's dam good dude . see , all is normal only . good stuff . i know y'all will bond again lol
User 1: yeah i'll keep it at a safe distance . so asked about the roommate i'm going to get . turns out . i know him . he's the dude who liked anushka and got rejected . but still remained friends  . kya hai bhai yeh chutiyapa
User 2: whose thiss . this pg is very dramatic dude
User 1: rishab guha
User 2: ooh it guy . lol
