User 1: you're supposed to be out and i'm supposed to be sleeping
User 2: it's chill bro . when i wanted priyank out . and i did . now i'm seeing someone who that motherfucker tried to molest . and i still have to hang out w him quietly . after that i'm not going to pay to attend his motherfucking event . so if jeet doesn't get it . won't miss one more immature dumbass
User 1: he was just wanting rn . not shouting
User 2: yeah i heard
User 1: he's pissed that i snapped him 
User 2: tell me when he leaves . i need a table to work on . abey sun . i'm out rn . tell me when you're home
User 1: omw . loco . where are you
User 2: tito's . i'll play
User 1: aren't mahima and all also there . kata bc
User 2: no they're in big shot . same
User 1: chale ja bhai
User 2: door door tak no . i have some shrimps left from dinner . do you want
User 1: silk route ?
User 2: takes and shakes
User 1: na chod
User 2: cool
User 1: save it for the night .  .
User 2: khatam
User 1: are you serious
User 2: hagte hue
User 1: betichod . feels like a middle finger to me
User 2: where u at
User 1: is this quiz up
User 2: yus . abey sun . om xerox se ek print out le ayega ?
User 1: i don't have internet man . i came home and saw it . just get a print from the store next adarsh store
User 2: are you home ?
User 1: ha
User 2: ok good . aaya
User 1: where are you
User 2: my place
User 1: dude arav wants to move in . by when can eshaan bhaiya evacuate ? . we have to tell him the date
User 2: tell him today
User 1: okayy . what's vijaya min on walnut ?
User 2: liquor house . old monk
User 1: oh okay . the nun
User 2: mujhe bhi aaya notification :p
User 1: say your prayers .  . who four
User 2: god knows . sahoo also wants to come what do we do . i'd rather go for 10pm show obviously . open the door . what you doing
User 1: he puked now lol . parcel me plastic  seal karne ki machine bheji hai . mom sent me this text  . coming to ulike ?
User 2: nahi hoga
User 1: you smoked more ? . dude later when i need, you'll give the 2k na ?
User 2: guess i have to :p . yeah chill . stop at tiwari chat when you come . also come asap . one sevpuri . bro aa na
User 1: just leaving ulike
User 2: dinner garam kar na . are you home ?
User 1: downstairs going now
User 2: tell me when you're off duty
User 1: i'm in lab chutiya . where is he
User 2: in the shower . told him to call you when he's out
User 1: coll
User 2: are you sleeping
User 1: can you lock my door . and can you please get the nun printout and stick it in his bathroom
User 2: i'm in class
User 1: sad . christmas ke aas pass mumbai mai rehga
User 2: kya pata . kya kar raha hai
User 1: naman is mostly drunk
User 2: he won't rent and take others w him if he was
User 1: harshit said he drank ache se
User 1: sup
User 2: lol was just gonna call you again
User 1: aaja charger lene . where are you . come here
User 2: ghar . kya scene
User 1: aaja
User 2: kya kar raha hai
User 1: just chilling . come fast . we'll come now
User 2: aaja . get the old monk from aarav's . annelise looking at you from that bathroom
User 1: dude there is literally thumping on my ceiling . like intense . i'm so svarrd
User 2: fucked . khatam . sayonara motherfuck . i can hear it in a distance too . same thing ?
User 1: so funny wow
User 2: aarav ko jaga be
User 1: why
User 2: paper chahiye
User 1: you don't have stash
User 2: ruch
User 1: fuck off i'm not doing anything . harshit also just woke up . yo
User 2: sup . abey lodu
User 1: kya scene
User 2: i'm in sovereign
User 1: till
User 2: where u at . dude get a jet lighter pls . one jet and one regular . thx
User 1: okay . loco . kaha hai
User 2: namepranay foa;
User 1: wake the fuck up
User 2: for what
User 1: it's fine hello . kya scene . you going now ?
User 2: no later . she has someone over rn . i'll go after she leaves . abey sun . arav ke room ka ac off karde . he left it on
User 1: okay
User 2: when do you come back
User 1: in ten
User 2: ghar aaya ?
User 1: gonna take a while man
User 2: damn man
User 1: okay leaving now . back . home . there is half a joint worth . get some more . half jitna more . if possible
User 2: acha
User 1: kitna  hai
User 2: lol
User 1: tell
User 2: i already left . yo . get binge yard na . come out . channi de . ghar kab aayega ? . payment successful: rs 398 .00 successfully paid for vg toys . (tracking id: 521965512815) . code to be shared with our amzagent: 299199 . i just paid for the mask half an hour ago through the app in case he asks for code . he'll come in half an hour
User 1: ok . can you tez paytm 1 .4k to this one guy
User 2: binge yard ?
User 1: na . kya kar raha hai
User 2: timepass . aaja
User 1: in a bit
User 2: help me write a song
User 1: engineering song . lol
User 2: kya . aa toh pehle
User 1: in five
User 2: padh liya ?
User 1: where are y'all
User 2: kya badtameezi hai
User 1: sup
User 2: padh liya ?
User 1: phuk ke so bhi gaya tha lol
User 2: testing
User 1: kaha gaya
User 2: zyaada phook liya
User 1: you left me alone
User 2: the evidence does support that . what you doing . dikshita hai ?
User 1: just woke up . hai
User 2: man . chal ok . i'm going to timmy's
User 1: have fun
User 2: if she's asleep tu bhi chal
User 1: wait
User 2: aa raha hai ? . kmc aa dinner ke baad . sort
User 1: i think splitwise is up to date . just check it . and get me some money today please
User 2: ghar aakar
User 1: chill have
User 2: if you want it now i'll send five hundred grocery to harshit . tez
User 1: not for thay . i need money for dinner . cook ko someone should give  . finally met uma
User 2: the fuck where
User 1: bbq nation
User 2: what . the fuck
User 1: should have seen kaustubhs face  . i was there with class people
User 2: hahaha you ran into them ? :p . sort
User 1: he just came and sat next to me
User 2: ghar aaya ?
User 1: and then when he saw me he changed his place  . ha . get the charger
User 2: chal aaya . kaun kaun hai . what charger
User 1: no one extra . phone charger
User 1: why you like this . fat lyf . i want this life
User 2: fucking 15 . are you up
User 1: yeah
User 2: room mei hai ?
User 1: yes
User 2: i reached q10 again
User 1:  . tell me the youtube pages name . okay . so i spoke to her . she was expecting me to say that last semester itself and understood me properly . it's all good now . she just said you should have told earlier
User 2: sort . best case scenario
User 1: was . you pay your rent in cash na
User 2: mostly
User 1: how about i pay your rent and you pay the gre fees in dollars whenever you get money
User 2: hmm i'm not sure . i don't like to make deals without money in hand . when do you need to take the test and when's the application deadline ?
User 1: there's no deadline . it's just that the later you book the later you get s slot because they get filled by other people
User 2: chal kal dekhte hain . i think kara sakta hoon since credit card
User 1: chal naveed ke idhar
User 2: chal . they left ?
User 1: i'll drop them to the auto stand in a min
User 2: cool . i'll see you neechai
User 1: get a donut for him
User 2: alright . yeah
User 1: come fast
User 2: kya scene
User 1: zza bar . then  jopefully
User 2: have fun . inshallah . tell me when you guys leave
User 1: left
User 2: cool
User 1: my parents aren't getting jain food only anywhere 
User 2: so where you at then
User 1: will be home in fifteen
User 2: don't come up . call me when you get nearby
User 1: parents aren't gonna be there
User 2: haan toh naveed ke yahan
User 1: noice
User 2: where u at
User 1: home . parents aren't here . ek shot rakhna
User 2: haan . kab tak aayega ? . don't give me cash in front of your parents awkward af
User 1: they aren't coming home today mostly . yeah it's chill . body shop has hemp cream 
User 2: hemp has 0 thc :p
User 1: i know . obviously . nahi toh kha nahi lu
User 2: acha but kab aayega . i'm bored af man . haunting dekhna hai
User 1: five maz . max
User 2: acha . also thoda tob le aa pls
User 1: naveed and i convinced arav that he isn't going to goa . chutiya
User 2: pehle se co ordinate kiya kar na bc . manage karta hoon koi baat nahi
User 1: tu bolegaya
User 2: come soon as you can
User 1: tito's ?
User 2: yeah . kahaan hai . class kab tak hai ?
User 1: 5:30 . sup . mal please
User 2: come to naveed's, kisiko bolna mat
User 1: i'm going to get done early . so come early
User 2: how early
User 1: gonna exit the campus in 30s . vgt gate
User 2: i think naveed is still in college . he had submissions
User 1: ok
User 2: what did you tell him
User 1: he didn't ask about you
User 2: tu kya bol raha tha phone pe . mei out tha
User 1: nothing
User 2: class ke baad chal
User 1: you knew what i was saying don't act dumb
User 2: i mean obv related to getting high . but kya bola exact nahi pata
User 1: i'll text you
User 2: were you calling me to naveed's ki jaana tha udhar
User 1: ya
User 2: abey . i flicked naveed's key and came . he's still in college lol . can you pay two hundred and fifty to naveed for tonight ? . covert
User 1: let me get home . kya scene
User 2: ill tsxt you when he gets it
User 1: cool
User 2: ten min mei chal
User 1: wait for five
User 2: cool
User 1: chal
User 2: chal . i'm near the elevator . aa na . one min
User 1: four hundred and five asap . asap
User 2: kahaan hai be
User 1: hag raha hu
User 2: get some win's if you can . khel na
User 1: kya scene
User 2: beer . man wtf from where
User 1: what
User 2: text me when he gets home
User 1: youll smoke some ?
User 2: nahi . oh you're asking . haan chal
User 2: what's for lunch
User 1: aloo cauliflower
User 2: gobi bolke chota ho jaata ?
User 1:  . can we go at naveeds ?
User 2: yeah he wanted to come over
User 1: he coming here or oppsite
User 2: he wanted to come
User 1:  thoda lane bolna
User 2: yeah . yeah he'll come later
User 1: tell him to come have . dinner i have to go out
User 2: ghar aaya ?
User 1: kabka
User 2: how much is left ?
User 1: enough
User 2: cool . fifteen min mei chal
User 1: okay . dinner what scene
User 2: where you at ?
User 1: deetee . i'll come back asap hopefully
User 2: maze
User 1: dinner ?
User 2: don't feel like ordering man . same old shit . mcdonald's la sakta hai toh la :p
User 1: i'm not getting . order something
User 2: chal aaja . dude listen . he's leaving at nine from here . i'll exchange cash tomorrow and give you 1k
User 1: okay . what are y'all doing
User 2: nothing . koi nahi hai . they're at cocks n mocks
User 1: come home in a while . phukege
User 2: you came ? . there isn't much lol
User 1: emergency  . i'm back
User 2: yols . are we playing ?
User 1: fuck off
User 2: fkin loser . are you up
User 1: yes
User 2: bakey
User 1: where is it
User 2: your drawer
User 1: aja
User 2: yeah i'll get tob
User 1: i'm back . class got canned lol . where you at
User 2: still in here
User 1: left ?
User 2: stay up i'll come in a bit . did you sleep . erangel ? . biatch . erangel
User 1: no . did we win
User 2: nope . dude please bring some cigarettes when you come . lm chalega . dude
User 1: one thousand, five hundred
User 2: i'll give you some money today . and his salary too
User 1: are you having breakfast
User 2: nope . i don't mind mcdonald's though
User 1: why are you at the hotel man . get on your way back
User 2: daaru
User 1: for when
User 2: now
User 1: ew . after my lab naveeds place ?
User 2: what time is that ?
User 1: around 4 ?
User 2: i'll call him around then he's sleeping rn
User 1: cool let me know
User 2: the food came here somehow bt . come take it pls . aaja chal . 2710 . come at 1 . he said he doesn't feel like coming . and he said bohot zyada hai nahi so we can go for 15-20 mins and come back
User 1: chod tu ja . kya scene
User 2: aacha chal . aaja . chal na
User 1: are you awake . listen . where you at
User 2: abey . my place . coming
User 1: rucha is hete . just saying
User 2: ria also ? . nvm then . carry on
User 1: both
User 2: yeah i'll smoke after they go . did arav wake up
User 1: no why
User 2: phookna hai
User 1: aja . coms . where are you . pubg
User 2: man the new tbbt episode . i can't even
User 1:  . what's the stuff on splitwise . oye
User 2: wassup
User 1: can you tez two hundred and fifty to rishab . and also who paid 1k for me
User 2: nahi hai bro :p . paisa khatam
User 1: trll
User 2: not sure . 30004
User 1: so from the 1500, one thousand will be given to naveed . and rest will be split between us ?
User 2: yeah
User 1: okay . ghar aja lekar
User 2: coming . aaja . please come online . dude send the five hundred cash you were giving yesterday so we can pay eight hundred at least
User 1: i used it on house supplies . egss and bread and all . and arav also took some of it . only two hundred is left
User 2: bt
User 1: i thought might as well use it on house supplied
User 2: yeah
User 1: i'll ask that other guy for money
User 2: okay . call me if you and dikshita play pubg . let ria in :p
User 1: awake ?
User 2: please come online asap
User 1: abbe chutiya itna crush kiya aur pura phookgaye . ek toh bachadete
User 2: kaun kab be . i just woke up
User 1: arav and ria then
User 2: chal pubg khel
User 1: breakfast khane chsl
User 2: paisa nahi hai . sanhok
User 1: aja
User 2: bhai
User 1: arav has 300 . i'll get other seven hundred
User 2: okay
User 1: he sent six hundred
User 2: send it to me . tell arav to send that six hundred and his 200 . i'll pay naveed
User 1: he sent you the six hundred
User 2: okay
User 1: two hundred arv will send . where to check flight timings
User 2: google or air india appwebsite
User 1: 1:15 na
User 2: it was supposed to land in mangalore at 12:45 . has it landed ? . there won't be more than one air india plane in mangalore so if there is one it's yours
User 1: flight status in the airport says security
User 2: hasn't arrived yet
User 1: it's at four bt
User 2: lol told you you won't get to skip traffic . yols
User 1: bhai . will you be in dubai till jan ?
User 2: no just a week mostly . party nahi ho payega be . especially now . between dubai, internship and make ups
User 1: but daru from a jain
User 2: unlikely man . really want to come also
User 1: you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . the hard disk is still intact right ? . because i'm erasing my entire system
User 2: i don't know where the hard disk is . is it in your room ?
User 1: yes . okay then it's chill
User 2: yeah should be fine
User 1: aaja
User 2: fucking follow . aaja . sahii . swagger . chal miramar
User 1: later
User 2: bt . pubgg . i got disconnected . lobby mei aa . pubg khel . jain . saale raat mei toh khel liya kar . is this really the best time . enjoy . i killed nine people in bootcamp squad alone yols . phir mar gaya
User 2: i literally died in an airstrike . pubg bitch
User 1: marvelous mrs maisel
User 2: sanhok . bro
User 1: which guy
User 2: parv
User 1: six hundred you got na
User 2: uska bacha nahi hai kuch ?
User 1: nope . we didn't smoke the entire thing so i sold the left over for three hundred bucks (which arav got) to someone else . phir one hundred rs mera 
User 2: chal okay
User 1: naveed ko dena baki hai ?
User 2: nahi be . we have nothing left :p
User 1: i'll try to send today
User 2: arav also has to leave tonight paisa nahi hai uske paas . bro that guy hasn't given the six hundred apparently . acc to arav
User 1: he sent it to you man . check your text history for this guys number
User 2: haan hai . sahi hai . bheja tha usne . sun . arav ko paytmtez karde jitna manage ho sake
User 1: yes let dad come home . we still haven't figured the tez thing it . out
User 2: haan chalega . bhai arav ko bhej de yaar
User 1: what time is he leaving at
User 2: twelve
User 1: haan good dad's gonna be back in an hour
User 2: sort . jaga hai ?
User 1: bhai bt . won't be able to make it on the 13th
User 2: abey bt . chal ok
User 1: what time should i be at the airport by
User 2: two
User 1: cool . why are you making plans for us to go out with ashwani . so tomorrow at 2 ?
User 2: yus . abey iron kahan pada hai idea hai ?
User 1: jeet took it . abbe ashwani ko samjha yaar . already itna irritate kar raha hai . chutiya . he wants us to go to his party or something which is too far
User 2: abey sun lega woh . woh suggest karta rahega till we reject
User 1: sharab and food is tempting . 
User 2: plan dekh lena bro . kaustubh ko bhi batana hai . i'll land around 1:30
User 1: yeah
User 2: cool . landed
User 1: i took the wrong turn and reached international . so coming backn . give me 10 . are you out
User 2: no waiting for bags . chalega aaraam se aa . i'll take another fifteen maybe . i'm good to go when you are . maybe don't park
User 1: iske ghar se mast hagke nikla
User 2: you prick go look at instagram asap . your endorsement is vital . just like our comments and comment "" . bohot hai
User 1: cool
User 2: cool what
User 1: sorry what were you saying . elaborate
User 2: you better show him the screenshot i sent on the group . threaten the shit out of him . give me this naveen's number
User 1: i sent the other guy that toh he would have conveyed the info . nahi hoga
User 2: i got eleven lakhs for my birthday from my grandfather . we can buy the company
User 1: rn we either actually file the complain or just edit the doent . abbey lele jenit . pdf hai . use your editing skills and write something nice about yourself .
User 2: nah we do everything properly
User 1: this is what the guy said
User 2: no . that is not us . we don't bend before failures
User 1: mgk eminem jaisa hai . honestly we can just edit it . i feel khatam karo . doesn't make sense prolonging this bs
User 2: he started panicking and then blocked me .  . he actually panicked
User 2: kept insisting that he's paid you . said it six times
User 1: should i tell him that he's the one who started this bs
User 2: he thinks he hasn't violated any law . no . straight up . he's made so many millions he feels the need to get insecure and block me
User 1: i'll just text him once . need to explain the kid before slapping him and be might just listen . chutiya
User 2: he won't listen . he's stuck up . dekh le
User 1: i've seen the price spreadsheet . ghanta nahi
User 2: tell him that
User 1: then we'll slap him . i'm not bringing money . i'm just gonna stick to the facts
User 2: your wish . dekh le . woh hila toh hua hai . but he still won't admit defeat . tell his friend that you're reporting bc you don't want to resort to photoshop
User 1: i've sent him a text . based on the reply actually report kar lete hai . nahi suna bsdk . he got pissed because you texted  . you always piss him off more than me  . but legally, he gave a certificate right . so all we have is the screenshot
User 2: no since he's threatened you that he'll spoil your certificate in the past . it's inadmissible . and the screenshots support that you did well . so it holds . i'm just wondering if you can report him without bringing up anything else . we'll have to come up w a way
User 1: what do you mean . let's just photoshop man
User 2: i can't stop you . but i don't support it . tera man hai
User 1: man if he goes to the university phir masters ke wande ho sakte hai
User 2: woh toh hai . but university will listen to you also . but scene toh hoga can't deny . you can even go to mumbai police tbh . they'll be more than happy to take care of him for you . they'll even give you immunity . dekh le bro . tera mann . i know it's not easy
User 1: man i'm done . find someone with photoshop skills now
User 2: ashwani ko bol . kar dega
User 1:  . sort . he's like . uske baad koi insult likhe de . 
User 2: chodh use
User 1: bc insult ka time aata hai toh ye bolta hai . chut
User 2: i'll personally take care of him after your placement . i don't believe in final say . i get even
User 1: pubg khelega ?
User 2: nahi
User 1: why'd you leave the whatsapp group . and how come i'm not following you in insta
User 2: i removed you bc you are not worthy . :p . baitha reh ab
User 1: sab bt do aaj
User 2: kal hi hata diya tha
User 1: my mom is treating me like a proper hangover patient even though she hasn't addressed anything remotely related to alcohol . kyu bc . and what about the whatsapp group . accha bata kya likhu certificate par . i'm getting it done now . oyee . is this fine
User 2: looks photoshopped . the h and r in marwah road is cropped on the top right . the spacing between sentences isn't equal in the first paragraph . also the address should start one line below to be directly opposite and central to the line on the left . physiz logo is cropped . also you will never talk to the guy who helped you out in the company . he has no business knowing whether you photoshopped your letter or not . if he asks
User 1: yes . do away ?
User 2: that you got one from your dad's company . redo the certificate nonetheless . while it's unlikely to be scrutinized the way i'm scrutinizing it
User 1: i'll get it redone . thanks man . dude . all this was fucked up in original pdf also . what should i do
User 2: wing it . they will first see the spacing between lines . doubt that and then look to the other things to decide if it's fake or not . leave the logo as it is . fix everything else
User 1: iska sab there hai upar ka
User 2: use it . and still bring the address one line below to align it
User 1: woh ab nahi hoga, see in this also it's one line above
User 2: you know that's how it is . someone suspecting forgery will see it as a discrepancy . dekh le tu
User 1: theek hai . spacing in this is fully justified and not left ident, so uneven spaces thing is fine . did you even understand what i was trying to say
User 2: no i stopped reading . khola nahi ab tak . but no i won't listen
User 1: man all i'm saying is that yes i know i lost . i agree . don't give me a hard time for it because you are one of the reasons it started too . moreover, stop patronizing me . tumlog se aisa expected nahi hai . i never said you lost too, we would have won if we did everything you said, true, but thoda realistic baneka
User 2: thoda stress le life mei and jeet ke dikha . rather than being afraid of taking it far . nothing worthy comes easy
User 1: like you said, college ke internship se  ghanta kuch nahi hota . doesn't make sense risking even the minimum for this bs . aage jake sab karege . me closing down a company with your help whose capital is less than what either of spend in a short time isn't worth jack . i'm not even of the age where my stress should include courts, cases, imprisonment of anyone . bc exams dedu acchese kafi hai
User 2: dude i don't care mujhe kyun bata raha hai . we didn't even say anything that you bent over for him . we said it bc of you saying that he learnt a lesson too . faltu khwaab na dekh usne jhaat nahi seekha . bas utne ke liye suna tu
User 1: i just meant about the not sharing s with interns part . i specified that also . tu zyada karleta hai . dekh le kya kya bola hai
User 2: bc i'm confident i can win . no win comes from a smooth road . but it's your life . i get it if you don't want to . but kisi din karna padega . chutiye se log tujhe push karte hain aage kya hoga
User 1: i know bhai par only i'll have to face the repercussions  na . i don't mind that day . two months ki internship ke liye kyu time waste karna hai . chill karna . i've been thankful for all you've done . it's just that you need to start controlling your mouth .
User 2: i really won't . not even a bit
User 1: theek hai phir kya bolu tujhe
User 2: there is a place to shutup . and that place wasn't it . woh ladka kuch bhi bol raha tha and tu sun raha tha . i'm not even slightly sorry for what i said
User 1: okay you misunderstood me .
User 2: i'm only sorry that we didn't shut him
User 1: not shut up to him . you should see what you were telling me . on the group . uska soch ke bolneka
User 2: i meant every word . if you can't go all way, don't commit in the start
User 1: to him, even i'm not . i had a good laugh . worth every penny
User 2: nothing that i do is conventional . conventional ends up average . average is middle class . not good enough . my sister is like you gets pushed around, school jaakar dhamkaya they sucked my toes on the s
User 1: haan theek hai . it's not like you lost anything . so why condescend for the sake of doing so .
User 2: kutton ke saath insaan ki tarah baat nahi kar sakte
User 1: you already know i lost and uske baat tera bhi sunu . chutiya nahi hu
User 2: haarna apni jagah hai
User 1: tera waisa tone apne pas rakh
User 2: haar na maana bakchodi hai
User 1: losing a small meaningless battle with a twat so that nothing crucial is risked is totally fine by me . chutiya koi acchi cheez bigad de, woh zyada bura lagega . woh soch
User 2: ab woh ladka one hundred aur ladkon ka kaatega . aaj jeet ke
User 1: abbe par uski aukad utni hi rahegi na . long term phir bhi woh hi harega na . mussolini hai sala
User 2: mei toh uska business khareed ke rahunga . i haven't given this up . this is not over by a longshot
User 1: dekh i havent objected for anything you've done to him or said . i'm just saying mere se tameez se baat kar thoda . hasi mazak sab side mai, know to draw a line sometimes . i'll chip in also . masters ka admission hone de . phir dollars mai kharedege . dslr la payega ? . duty free se ?
User 2: i'll ask my dad kya scene hai . i'm buying an iphone for ashwani and carrying a rolex for my dad . so kaafi kuch already hai . if they catch one i'll have to pay duty on everything
User 1: chal theek hai . what time you coming by . iska price sirf check karlena airport par
User 2: that's not even a dslr lol . scam
User 1: why
User 2: it's a point and shoot
User 1: also when are you coming
User 2: don't know . monday se internship hai
User 1: exams ?
User 2: i don't know if they'll have it in jan . might be after the internship
User 1: oh that late okay . what do you keep telling priyanka . she keeps feeling hurt because you say stuff
User 2: man let her know it's pointless to try getting me to come around . na mei kisi ke liye budge karta hoon na usme woh baat hai
User 1:  . i told her to not talk to you . sunti hi nahi hai
User 2: she made mahima video snap me explaining sahoo's side of the story lol . she doesn't even understand i don't even have an actual problem w her i just ed her out by process of elimination
User 1:  . 
User 2: what did she tell you today . dikha
User 1: snapchat ka ha . i . so can't screenshot
User 2: kya boli
User 1:  rona . why is he doing this and all . he hates mr . rudhran hates me
User 2: she thinks it's bc of the mahima thing but i was talking to her for months after the mahima thing
User 1: blah
User 2: chodh block kar deta hoon
User 1: yeah . dude . when are you coming to india
User 2: now
User 1: check the camera price na
User 2: ok
User 1: thanks . manipal or blore ! .  ?
User 2: bangalore
User 1: cool
User 2: they don't have it
User 1: cool . send satishs number . yo
User 2: sup
User 1: call the 50g guy
User 2: he's bringing . half an hour
User 1: will you have indian lunch ?
User 2: kidhar se ?
User 1: rogan josh and butter chicken . manipal express
User 2: nah tum log khao
User 1:  . also let me pay the guy
User 2: he's asking if we have tez . i don't have anything account mei
User 1: 3k ?
User 2: two thousand, five hundred
User 1: number de
User 2: abhi nahi . jab aayega . he says half an hour more . hai na 2500 ?
User 1: yes
User 2: how many are dividing ? . four of us ?
User 1: harshiy is doubtful . should harshit just tez you two thousand, five hundred
User 2: if it's four of us . send one thousand, nine hundred
User 1: just three
User 2: send 1700 . sun . two thousand, five hundred bhej abhi . abhi . yoo . send eight hundred more . i'm buying 100 . rucha log ko chahiye hoga
User 1: aaja ?
User 2: haan . tere room mei baitha
User 1: arav ke room aa
User 2: kya kar raha hai
User 1: bbt . now gonna smoke
User 2: chalo . i'm in the lobby
User 1: where are yoi
User 2: tell me kya khayega i'll order
User 1: two butter chicken . cheese corn balls . kesar falooda . two sweet lassi . thanks . are you in dubai now ! .  ? . who all owe you in big amounts . excluding sanjana
User 2: naman . roshan . naveed . this guy aiman here . hell, even nike
User 1: saw that  . bhai bolde you aren't living around any of them
User 2: he doesn't believe in the concept of friends :p
User 1: hacks to get rich . fair enough kya hi bole .  . kab aayega
User 2: 4th
User 1: chal sort . you might get mithai lol
User 2: tu kal ja raha hai ?
User 1: yep . get that oreo . it's diff . i wanna try
User 2: abey rakh aaya
User 1: la . then the coffee powder
User 2: mondelez is parent company of cadbury . jerky liya
User 1: then just get some good packaged food . cookie time nahi hai ?
User 2: cookie time kya hota hai yaar . never heard
User 1: company hai . nevermind .  . new things i wanna try
User 2: google pe screenshot leke bhej . baad mei dhoondunga . dekha nahi kabhi . i'll look for it
User 1: nahi chill hai . just get something new baas . internship ka kya scene . can you tez arav 1k . harshit internship ka scene puch raha hai
User 2: bhai kal toh submit kiya hai . weekend hai udhar friday saturday . kal kholenge mostly . mei khud ten baje pohochta hoon ghar so baad mei hi bataunga
User 1: cool
User 2: sorry . chid ke bola tha you know i did not mean it . cannot be held for the words that come out of my mouth
User 1: dekh mere baap ke bare kuch bolna nahi . kafi ukhada hai . darjee crore nahi kamate . plus faltu mai argue karne ke zarurat nahi . you insult me it's fine . baap psr gaya toh pitega . probably would have beat you if you were here . not kidding . shaddhi mai dekh likya baap ki kitni aukad hai, don't need a twenty year old to call him darjee . follow these guidelines and we'll be fine .
User 2: sahi bol raha hai . sorry
User 1: ok
User 2: kaam pe tha be . fourteen hour work shifts mnc . sorry bro . office mei tha tere message se dimaag zyada phat gaya so bhadak gaya . your parents offered to put me up in your place man . zyaada mooh khol diya . sorry
User 1: it's fine
User 2: hum log bhi khaana hi bechte hain
User 1: respect karle isse accha . businessmen hai dono . period .
User 2: yeah but an eye for an eye heals vitamin a deficiency
User 1: is it kaustubhs birthday
User 2: yes
User 1: meeting him today . i'll see
User 2: cool . i'm at work what's up
User 1: kaustubh call kiya by mistake . basically ladki pagal hai is what kaustubh told me . next year two 2bhks or should we take a 3bhk . reply asap
User 2: still at work man . kaun kaun hain . hum hi 4 ? . and which bldg . kaustubh ria kya scene
User 1: let's see . i'll ask . 4bhk chalega ?
User 2: kahan
User 1: mandvi palace . we're going to see it now
User 2: the new bldg ? . wait palace silk route ke saamne wala . ghar dekh le ek baar . take some pictures
User 1: cool . yo . two  three bhk available in pearl city . the tv was small but everything else was pretty good . two balconies . direct view of swimming pool seems to be a plus for me at leasy 
User 2: i don't mind as such but raid scenes hua hai udhar . what happened to the new bldg
User 1: doubt it . arusha and all live there and kafi phukte hai . bro it's a new society so there might be a lot of issues regarding staff and construction etc . won't be advisable man . upar se 50flats are given to mit teachers
User 2: i think i'll skip on pearl city . tum log 3bhk le lo
User 1: cool
User 2: too many people i know got in trouble there :p . speak to rucha . if i'm not wrong then manishas boyfriend had one at his place
User 1: okay i'll all . ask . how's work
User 2: how can it be
User 1: i've seen the booze so you tell me
User 2: can't really drink that easily though
User 1: when exactly are you coming to manipal . need you to work my papers . write
User 2: might not come actually
User 1: damn
User 2: dates kya honge
User 1: first week april :
User 2: first week ? . abey tab toh internship chal rahi hogi
User 1: chill hai i'll apply for volunteer service . yes it's a thing
User 2: tu sure hai april first week mei paper hai . i thought end sems are 20th onwards ot something . lab likhana hai ?
User 1: i will write the end sems myself . resessional and lab i need . ten twelve april . harshit ko thode paise bhej dena if you can from whatever you owe me
User 2: 1st ko doon chalega ?
User 1: ha chill hai . send judy's number . do you still have this . and this
User 2: yahan toh nahi hai shayad email mei ho . ghar jaakar dekhunga
User 1: mil gaya chill hai . also bro paisr
User 2: total kitna hai
User 1: two thousand, six hundred and eighty-three
User 2: after the one thousand i gave to harshit ? . karta hoon ruk . hai hi nahi abhi . karta hoon kuch din mei
User 1: when . if it was before then excluding that
User 2: this week . couple days ago
User 1: for me ?
User 2: yeah you told me to
User 1: oh harshit didn't tell me . puchta hu chal . he got it and spent it
User 2: yols . expected
User 1: no no he didn't get the notification . so he didn't know you transferred
User 2: he did bro
User 1: lol . tehelka machega
User 2: kya hua
User 1: we just had an argument where he refused to pay and said it is a lesson not to send some one money without notifying them . kafi sunaaya
User 2: odd . faltu mat lad kuch nahi milega . be sly and jab kuch galat kiya woh tab bomb phodna . or when you fuck up
User 1: cool
User 2: kyun ladna room mate se
User 1: yeah ik . humme bhulna mat . ghar as . sess . you come . fuck it i'm sleeping
User 2: khel nahi raha ?
User 1: bhai kebab ke paise mai toh nahi de raha . airport ke parcels ka no one takes . like souvenirs or whatever
User 2: kaun maanga paisa  . tujhe burger king ka kabhi diya kya mc
User 1: arre what did you put on splitwise
User 2: nothing . i don't even use splitwise
User 1: abe
User 2: added by harshit bhi toh dekh gandu
User 1: harshit dala . bc
User 2: chutiya hai
User 1: haan ab bola .  . aaja phook rahe hai 
User 2: haan
User 1: khol
User 2: bathroom mei hoon . kya hua
User 1: 500 . going to meet kaustubh outside
User 2: kaustubh is coming up . my wallet is in your house
User 1: he just called me . cool
User 2: table pe dekh . jeniy . check if i locked the door or not
User 1: your door or mine
User 2: yours
User 1: cool . where are the lnms
User 2: arav has a lot of them
User 1: cool . you deleted this message . comr . wake me up if you come here at night
User 2: what time would that be . i have 170 . bring a combination of eggs, bread, butter, maggi and oreo . and win
User 1: send the one hundred and seventy
User 2: paytm ka photo bhej na . left side pe hai
User 1: 169 . bhej
User 2: one sec
User 1: bhai . ghar se paise maang please
User 2: unpossible
User 1: bro it's needed . one thousand lale please
User 2: nahi hoga . he doesn't send less than 20-30k at a time because he has to enter dollar amount and he just won't send . my mom told me to wait another five days . tum log karo be ghar i've been paying for everything since i returned
User 1: for what ? . no one counts cigarettes and everything else is on splitwise . when are you ordering food
User 2: idk man he said 9:30 . now i'm thinking if he meant his 9:30 . kya khayega
User 1: drnk lab se order karna mera . mango vs strawberry smoothie . and . chilly chicken sanwich
User 2: you chose the one restaurant without zomato offer :p . ho gaya order
User 1: thanks . arre rest so many are unserviceable today for some reason . going
User 2: neeche ja bc . he's there . tu sutta laaya ?
User 1: nope . remember i broke dikshitas phone ? . now i have to use a dabba phone next sem and give her my phone
User 2: yeah they won't make you do that :p . bolne wali baat hai
User 1: her mom so that they don't want reimbursement . but she will make me do this
User 2: ya toh phone ya toh break up :p . tera life hai ki mazaak bc
User 1: i'm going to for a smoke up trip . to north india . kasol and lol
User 2: lol :p
User 1: some lord shiva time
User 2: maze kar :p . lame :p
User 1: different type ka noon veg
User 2: aisi sad chutti nahi manata vidit :p . maze kar tu :p
User 1: sure
User 2: nakli tom yum soup milega pahaad pe :p . dekh lena :p . chota tha tab gaya tha
User 1:  . packet wala
User 2: itna disappointment paisa deke nahi hona chahiye :p . that's the saddest part ki packet wala nahi hai :p . fresh hai :p
User 1: i'm saying on the pahaad
User 2: haan paahad pe hi . caretaker log dopahar mei soup chadhayenge shaam tak ready hoga . and while it's warming in that temperature even eight year old me knew the sadness in that bowl
User 1: tu pi na . mai achhese phukuga . we both know what we like more
User 2: mei bacon and hash brown khareedne nikal raha hoon :p . airfried food
User 1:  . when do you want to be added to 405 . where does naveed stay . north or south
User 2: south . wapas chal bc . wait kiya itni der
User 1: rukh
User 2: beatsx is currently two hundred and fifty here . would definitely get that over the bullets
User 1: abbe one hundred bola tu bc
User 2: one hundred mei koi jbl wala hai . my mom got confused . bro two hundred and fifty is also good only . maine five hundred and fifty mei liya tha
User 1: fuck it ek saal chalne de without me losing it
User 2: chal jain
User 1: yes . for the trip . when are your points going to expire
User 2: september . we can fly after that also but we have to book before that
User 1: let's go later only no because then don't know when the placements will take place . boluga yeh birthday gift dedo parents so that's fine . if its in december vacations then best . 19-20' ka time table abhi tak nahi aya hai
User 2: anything is fine but booking abhi karna hoga
User 1: i'm in . december 100 . before that, i need them to give the year time table
User 2: bro dekhna padega . december is holiday time . jhamela karunga kuch
User 1: baap ko boluga birthday do . mostly it's just going to be us
User 2: let me see . as of now i see no saver availability for december . not to kong . if i'm missing something lemme know i'll look it up . hong kong actually does have saver tickets but they're at 60k each
User 1: 60k points ?
User 2: yeah . ready ho
User 1: yes wait . loading g
User 2: aaja . dude exit your squad . kidhar gaya
User 1: aa . you deleted this message . you deleted this message
User 2: you landed in bombay ? . bro my flight's on time . uth bc . bro . but if you beg in this moment then you'll turn her conviction solid . rn she needs time off for her mind to balance out her feelings . i know this is huge for you and a nightmare . any act on impulse will only harm this for you . speaking from experience . lubaba bhi mera kaati thi three saal baad mei bhi roya tha instead of taking charge and aaj tak regret karta hoon . roz sapna aata hai ki uska instagram verify ho gaya and mere discover pe aa rahi hai
User 1: she's like i refuse to learn long distance and she can't go through it again and she doesn't asking formpermission from me . kaha permission yaar . molesters me saath bahar jayegi . idk what to say react feel think
User 2: okay look . after all people do change through their years in college, you may not be the same people you were when you first met . but right now, do not act on impulse . there is absolutely nothing that you can do that time can't
User 1: but we changed and grew together man . i've already a cepted this
User 2: man it's not even her, girls for some reason can't think for themselves . it's always a group effort . mummy kuch aur bolegi . best friend kuch aur bolegi . and ladki convince ho jayegi . and nothing that you say can help that . the only thing you can do is use time to specifically trigger her feelings . honestly it's a really fucked up mind game that people look down upon but that doesn't mean it doesn't work . and there are very real ways to trigger a girl's feelings . but you'll have to take the time to do those things
User 1: i can't go through that phase . i was supposed to marry this girl . we knew how many kids we were gonna have
User 2: when she posts something
User 1: i know location of our marriage . and iske baad i'm expected to trigger feelings
User 2: start typing on snapchat and never send anything . man these things work . all you have to do is stay relevant and trigger her within short bursts of time to maximize thoughts about you in her alone time . that's the only way to undo what a girl hears from her surroundings . it's basically a science man it may sound stupid but manipulating a brain is the best way to get anything done . just take the time for it . i can't say anything to make you feel better about this
User 1: not much left for me so might as well
User 2: you know how you ask why a guy like me gets as much fanatical love . it's because i don't let them forget me . it's honestly sick, the way i do it . but if you use it right then it's not a bad thing at all . remember that someone manipulates her thoughts is why this happened . so nothing that you can say will undo that, only your return moves will . hell even i'll post pictures w you late in the night to flash on her screen
User 1: she's like no . that just mean she really has been giving a lot of thought to this
User 2: do you think it's realistic that all of it is her original wish ? . i'm actually asking, not being condescending
User 1: she has been saying how much last sem affected her and how she can't get over it . multiple times . and this vacation she barely texted
User 2: man sometimes people just get put off by routine
User 1: half things i found from her snapchat
User 2: and in those moments any feelings that help manifest their feelings they hold on to . so if she's bored of something, she'll keep telling herself how it's not right . and if you beg her into trying again, she'll spend the next few weeks feeling trapped and you'll be fighting again when you return . take this time off for now . all break ups are just a break in the start nothing is certain . the events that lead it help decide it's permanence . if anything, be glad it's happened at the end of summer when she doesn't have enough time to manifest her thoughts . ek text pe three saal ka relationship nahi khatam hota . even lubaba and i talked for a year after breaking up and we had enough chances to fix everything . tera bhi time aayega but it's not today . when i broke up w madhurima last sem . she could have changed that but she helped aggravate whatever i thought right from the start
User 1: makes sense . thank you
User 2: impulse mei kuch mat karna because you will spend your final year cursing yourself if you know ki tune khud se kaata
User 1: yep treading carefully
User 2: sahi . and galti se bhi gaali mat dena
User 1: obviously
User 2: talk to her like mahima talks to everyone . and don't gain weight . breaks your case when the time comes
User 1:  ?
User 2: abey mera bohot make up hote hote kata because i had gained weight by then :p . remember they will want to hold on to anything negative they can find . first negatives are the things they can physically see . regardless of how stupid the thing would be
User 1: cool
User 2: agle poore hafte mast vodka peeke teri yaad mei bt legi . usko bt hone de
User 1: i fucking hope so
User 2: hanuman chalisa seekh iss time pe . bhagwaan ka bulawa aane ke alag alag tareeke hote hain
User 1: actually thought about this
User 2: bhagwan made you think about it . don't ignore it . pooja paath karne lag . also don't tell anyone about your break up yet
User 1: ik
User 2: no science behind it but mera maanna hai hai ki honi se pehle dhindora peet ke bhi bad-dua lagti hai
User 1: she's like i don't feel the same way for you as you do for me
User 2: bhai bolne de . this is pure routine fatigue . when you think you want something else and not being able to try aggravates your feelings
User 1: but her being able to say this bluntly is a big thing
User 2: maybe it will become permanent over time, if she starts feeling liberated in the next few days . this is why i said kuch bhi ho gaali mat dena and be gentle . because bohot trigger hota hai ye time pe . when you want to say shit back . but that's as far from helping yourself as it can be . jo bol rahi hai take it w incredible grace . make her see a side of you she didn't know existed . even if it is fake :p . they are not as strong as they think and we are not as weak as we thing, the one who plays their cards with a stable frame of mind will be the one to win . star mark karde
User 1: man i don't understand girls . jo chaiye woh batayege nahi
User 2: if you did toh hum agency kholte
User 1: jo karna hai bolege nahi
User 2: abhi zyaada baat bhi mat kar . iss moment mei discussion is futile
User 1: yeah she took off
User 2: carry on w your day as you would . kal hota break up toh mujhe kuch karne ko hota bombay mei . gandi si chaul mei so raha tha mc
User 1: i don't really know what to do now onwards . i've done everything fucking right, good or bad, that a fucking brilliant bf would do . puri life hilana na pad jaye
User 2: love yoself . hum choice se hilaate hain . use this time to discover tinder . mast photos laga . bas menu dekhna, kuch order mat kar dena bc
User 1: i can't
User 2: can(t) . chal tdm khel . bt mei baith ke kya hona hai
User 1: chal bc kuch karne ko hi nahi
User 2: aaja
User 1: baad
User 2: mega bt
User 1: dude
User 2: bol
User 1: can you check my cupboard . and look for my sunglasses . and a big multi colored pouch kind . check no . it's right there !
User 2: ghar hi nahi gaya hoon yaar kal se . movie dekha
User 1: dekhar bata . tanvi se baat karle asap . alsi kuch toh kaam kar be
User 2: abey ghar hi nahi gaya hoon
User 1: whose place are you even staying at
User 2: tinder :p
User 1: abbe toh usko pragati mai rakh na . can you fucking check
User 2: pouch is there . no sunglasses
User 1: please check my bag that's there or in the pouch no
User 2: yeah glasses were in the bag
User 1: great thanks . pubg aa
User 2: chal . lobby aa . mera kata . nikal
User 1: ha
User 2: chal . do his parents own a business . also tell me the college name
User 1: babson college, wellsley . yes
User 2: then he has to reapply . submit the deed for his house showing they own property
User 1: woh toh theek hai but is there he can do differently . he did
User 2: business ke papers dikhaye the ?
User 1: ha . and they didn't ask him anything related to his plans after masters . maybe because he did an course . and muslim
User 2: man they changed the rules over the last few years . yeah those could both be reasons . this is odd . i'll ask someone who works for vfs . she might know
User 1: batana
User 2: kaustubh aaya chal
User 1: na ho payega . burger king ?
User 2: theobroma pls
User 1: cool
User 2: keep it incognito until you reach your room bc achintya ans . and naveed are here
User 1: kitne baje tak bc
User 2: kya pata . naveed toh chala jayega abhi . iska nahi pata
User 1: have fun bonding
User 2: but he said he'll go w harshit at worst . warna chala jayega
User 1: at worst ?
User 2: warna abhi chala jayega . tu spicejet mei aa raha hai ?
User 1: yes . going to get little delayed for sure . harshit ki bt :p
User 2: filhaal toh on time hai . i wouldn't hate a fiery chicken sandwich  burger king :p . from . i can pay you for it when you get here :p
User 1: aaya na aukat par
User 2:  . also bring one more item, surprise me
User 1: ajeeb chutiya
User 2: anything from the menu
User 1: which brownie
User 2: bahar nikal kuch dikhaana hai
User 1: wait
User 2: man let's get subway
User 1: recently hi khaya that and it will be very soggy
User 2: did you try the new marinara sauce
User 1: no
User 2: my man
User 1: ordering from pai tiffin's
User 2: chole bhature share karega ? . one bhatura hoga bada, aadha kha lena . ya shayad akela kha hi loon kya pata xd . one bhatura, one gajar halwa
User 1: i ordered already oops
User 2: aa laptop maang
User 1: rukh call karta hu
User 2: chodh . they can't do much
User 1: order karu ki nahi bata
User 2: haan . nahi kiya hai toh kar
User 1: karliya
User 2: maze
User 1: get roach par too
User 2: 2-3 roach bhi nahi hai ?
User 1: hai . baas utne hi . and lighter
User 2: man my subway cookie is over . do you want anything from the j
User 1: nope
User 2: me neither . bro jab bhi aayega pls neeche se mera lunch le aana
User 1: cool
User 1: send ajays number . man she's not replying so just send the number . ajay ka yaar . plus it's switched off
User 2: call naveed and ask if he knows anything better before you call ajay
User 1: aa
User 2: three min . aaja
User 1: chal
User 2: if you come back pls get my lunch :p
User 1: not coming . do you want to smoke
User 2: can't rn but khatam mat kar . lunch ka batana
User 1: macd
User 2: kab
User 1: abhi bc
User 2: jaldi nahi hai ? :p . tdm aa
User 1: dono baadme
User 2: cool . bro get my dinner if you can
User 1: what scene, ?
User 2: coming home now
User 1: i'll come later
User 2: kidhar hai
User 1: harshits
User 2: tdm
User 1: nothing on the line
User 2: cool . chal na
User 1: come . yo . delete the right messages on insta and send a ss to mahima to calm the matter
User 2: wohi karunga
User 1: you're not really mad right ?
User 2: lol boy i'm fuming . this why i don't tell anyone anything
User 1: man you know i dont normally talk when drunk . man i cant deny this but whatever im sorry alright . dont treat me like sasha . if you don't order from pizza hut then should i order the garlic bread sticks for you
User 2: no don't
User 1: send live location . and i'm just crushing the first round . i swear to god i wont crush if you don't send the location
User 2: location: location:
User 1: are you thick . live location hota hai . pata chala niche sutta phukar aye
User 2: ye le gandu . live location shared . we came to a bungalow
User 1: fuck i have to crush . hall ki light band kar dena please
User 2: i'm in the room already man . arav ko bol :p
User 1: bro . satwika se roll kara
User 2: ruk . nahi hai
User 1: does she know anyone ?
User 2: batayegi
User 1: thanks
User 2: bro . do you have any cash in your room ? . i need some emergency money
User 1: right drawer pouch mai there will be cash lying around
User 2: alright thanks man . i don't think she knows anyone rn bro
User 1: chal cool
User 2: bro . youth corner se can you get original ocb w roach . brown wala
User 1: are y'all home ?
User 2: yeah
User 1: okay cool
User 2: kab tak aayega ?
User 1: i'm trying to leave nikalne nahi de rahe
User 2: what does that mean . be like plan hai . paper nahi hai be ghar pe
User 1: ae wait we are deciding what to do blah blah . lata hi . darwaza khol
User 2: use the key
User 1: don't have . arav is still up . aa
User 2: its starting . bro pls get bread, eggs and butter . splitwise pe daal de . milk also . i paid for maggi last night so even bhi ho jayega
User 1: don't let her be next to the railing . get her to your room
User 2: yeah she's fine now
User 1: do we want a 500 ?
User 2: i can't pay the entire thing
User 1: cool . can you send 200 ?
User 2: man i could but i'm already owed a lot . abhi ke liye hai toh utha de . or leave it . i'm not expecting any money for the next three days
User 1: i don't have that's why i'm asking . then i won't be able to score with classmates as well
User 2: tera koi payment due hai online ?
User 1: ghar aakar i'll give you some of the money i owe you . no lol
User 2: nahi ho payega fir bro . i only have one hundred and thirty cash
User 1: tez par kuch nahi ?
User 2: if you can convince them ki shaam ko tez le le remaining then hi hoga . kaustubh bhejega shaam mei . but that's just four hundred
User 1: see i have 400 . these guys will pay 400 . and i need two hundred more . satwika ke ghar se hi lena hai
User 2: abey satwika ko bol de vidit tez kar dega
User 1: palace se . so ask her if you can pay two hundred later
User 2: yeah i'll tell her
User 1: sort thanks
User 2: how much cash will you be giving her rn ?
User 1: four hundred cash four hundred tez
User 2: so i only have to give two hundred na ?
User 1: yes
User 2: theek . scam mat karna hume bc . split equally
User 1: yeah man itni zyada gaand nahi chatni classmates ki
User 2: gaand pe girna hai kursi se instead
User 1:  ? . where are you
User 2: if you're awake before eight then arav ko utha dena . he has seven bunks
User 1: come to deetee no . bro aaja
User 2: aaya . table hai ?
User 1: yes
User 2: cool
User 1:  . kaha
User 2: half an hour
User 1: abbe aisa matt kar . zaroori nahi hai aana . agr tu bimar hai toh rest kar . that was harshit . come fast .  ? . first left in the first area only
User 2: send someone out . i don't wanna pay cover :p . tez karoon ?
User 1: match chod
User 2: chal . bro tu aur tere dost sadak pe utar ke auto se niklo . but gaadi fifteen min mei basement mei chahiye
User 1: where are yall . piyush roll dega ?
User 2: nahi
User 1: man i want to score, not for someone else
User 2: nahi hai i called him in the morning
User 1: btt . get amul masti
User 2: cool
User 1: so what are we doing with the score ?
User 2: five hundred ours, five hundred w arav
User 1: didnyou separate . 9740565922 . thirty bucks . he's in my room
User 2: pubgg
User 1: divya confirmed that they are hooking up lol . mere first year ss leke jaa rahi hogi  . she asked divya if she could get home to her place and she said no . i fucking need to get laid before her argh . fifty hai ?
User 2: haan
User 1: bhai is baar nahi hagte hai . we'll properly divide for the number of days we want to keep kt . last baar 4-5 din mai khatam . see ya . how much money do you need
User 2: 2k ? . hai tere paas ?
User 1: bhai i'll give 1k . kamti hogi is mahine bhi
User 2: theek hai
User 1: bro chicken fridge mai rakh dena soon
User 2: cool
User 1: piyush ka number bhej . ishan wants it
User 2: call him instead
User 1: ghar pe kya scene .  ?
User 2: kuch nahi
User 1: satwika told me at deetee for roll if we want
User 2: abhi kidhar hai
User 1: pearl city , .  hai ?
User 2: ndtv: you can fly your name to mars . nasa is giving out boarding passes .
User 1: noice
User 1: 181 . i'm going to pearl . that guys said no again so .
User 2: ok
User 1: should i pick you up from fot
User 2: come to fot na . yeah . dono aa jaao bring her also . ek beer peeke nikal lenge . jeet se bhi mil lena
User 1: coming to pick you up
User 2: priyank nahi hai
User 1: uske kafi upar hibdost hai . noice . i'll come chal
User 2: aaja . yo
User 1: udhar hai ? 
User 2: haan neeche hau . she came to talk to someone upstairs but neeche baithi hai . harshit bhi aa gaya
User 1: that guy was pissed the fuck off . he's like ek baar theek hai ab ap atm banadiye ho
User 2: not surprised man . i think arav bhi subha liya tha . loyal residency . should i tez him abhi ? . kitni der mei lega jaakar ?
User 1: i'll leave in five
User 2: cool . flat 303 . roll theek hoga and agar you ask pyaar se toh woh thode bud aur daal dega . pick for your friends also if you want, we'll scam . i paid him
User 1: no one in manipal now ek hi uthayege . kitne gram ka hona chaiye ? ya sirf quant dekhkar i ask for extra
User 2: same parso jitna . first ask him in his house do you mind if i open and check . he won't say no . phir dekh ke decide karle you'll know when it's in front of you
User 1: there were too many buds so i asked for chura . have to tez arusha eight hundred for that rol
User 2: she won't go before 2:30
User 1: kya scene ghar
User 2: kya scene indeed . roll la na
User 1: i'm at eott
User 2: maze
User 1: bata
User 2: kya bataun . ab gold nahi todunga 3-4 din tak bc . tujhe hi karna hoga abhi
User 1: sobriety
User 2: abey la be . baad mei le lena
User 1: contact toh bhej
User 2: call naveed . he might want to split w you . don't tell him about yesterday's roll . arav's friend had sent pictures of good rolls but arav's phone is w the repair guy
User 1: trying
User 2: arrange ho gaya . call me . ek shot bacha . abhi tak liya nahi hai
User 1: where ?
User 2: idk your room i suppose . wake arav . he told me to wake him at 1 . call satwika
User 1: can't read anything
User 2: same
User 1: kya hai
User 2: erangel khel
User 1: 91 ninety thousand, five hundred and ten 38680 . rs one thousand and seventy-seven
User 2: text me before you leave shringy's . i told him i told you to go get my charger from shringy's . so you can say you sat there and drank a bit
User 1: i'm at afarsh . kya chaiye
User 2: get a small kings ka pack . one hundred wala . and some amul masti
User 1: one hundred and thirty
User 2: cool
User 1: ss . we're here
User 2: aaja all good
User 1: open the door . kya scebe
User 2: kuch nahi lol . where you at
User 1: not shot bored af
User 2: where's the girl . roll la na :p
User 1: bata bhai . best case scenario . pak gaya idhar . nahi ho payega iske saatg
User 2: bore ho raha hai yaar kuch karte hain . kya bataun . call shringy na . i'm sure he'll know someone pushing
User 1: kya scene . see you soon
User 2: already ?
User 1: thirty mins ish
User 2: bro get something to eat . see if there's good ice cream at yas mart . kwality walls or even amul
User 1: i don't have auto money also
User 2: how do you plan on solving that . take five hundred cash from someone, i'll tez . nikal le
User 1: kitna time dikhaya . yeh just getting in the auto
User 2: sort . arav diya cash
User 1: neche aaja
User 2: i'm here
User 1: cool . score toh dhund
User 2: mc twelve baje yaad aaya tujhe
User 1: yep . find . jaldi as yeh toh sovereign mai hai
User 2: man get something sweet
User 1: crave ! .  ?
User 2: if you can then yeah
User 1: kitne
User 2: get me a mud brownie and new york baked cheesecake
User 1: don't have the cheesecake . mud cak vai
User 2: get one more thing . get the chocolate pastry
User 1: and mudcake ?
User 2: that also
User 1: i'm at ulike . text . abbe i called because i was at blue waters . and them hepta
User 2: roll ka kahin aur dekh :p . iska bekaar tha
User 1: getting
User 2: satwika wala lauta diya
User 1: wait did you buy satwikas ?
User 2: nope . talk to him dude bathroom mei hoon . will you eat dinner at home
User 1: what they're . there
User 2: chili chicken and noodles
User 1: will have . lol
User 2: cool . kab tak aayega :p . bro if mcdonald's is open pls get me a mcspicy paneer . there's nothing veg at home
User 1: it will be closed
User 2: sometimes on saturdays they're open till one
User 1: i'll see
User 2: i can tez money to harshit of whoever is w you :p . pr . or
User 1: band tha
User 2: chill
User 1: awake ?
User 2: sup
User 1: keep for open . tc samosa chair ? . chaiye
User 2: what . yes bring
User 1: kitne
User 2: bring a few man kya bolun
User 2: kab aayega ghar ?
User 1: 10-15
User 2: damn . early . also are you coming alone
User 1: haan chill hai . lifebhi jhand hai
User 2: aaja
User 1: don't book the cab ha
User 2: i was just about to lol . cool
User 1: you deleted this message . please check my bed for the debit card !
User 2: ok . def not on the bed
User 1: dekhle room
User 2: room mei hi hain . searching . bro nahi mil raha
User 1: ek aur baar phirse dhundle bro . i'm pretty sure room mai hoga . arav see baat karna kya hua
User 2: scene kiya woh . he apologized on their group
User 1: out of ten how bad . bhai usko chila aur bol aajse na piye
User 2: 10 . abhi toh woh bhi  rona kar raha hai that he's embarassed . but he'll get over it
User 1: how many different girls 
User 2: 2-3 indecent behaviour overall . scene with one
User 1: behenchod be
User 2: kya bolun . he is embarassed . and he's owning up to it . hasn't made an excuse yet . but he says he grabbed one girl's butt and he thinks that it happened by mistake while dancing . but he's still ashamed . so idk
User 1: bhai usko bol sharab humare saath toh nahi piyega . when you get tez par thoda money let me know
User 2: diwali par :p . kise kitna bhejna hai bata
User 1: five hundred and forty
User 2: number bol
User 1: thanks
User 2: cool
User 1: bhai ashwani ko netflix ke paise de payega ? my share
User 2: if he asks for cash how much do i give from your cupboard ? . your full rent and some roll money is there
User 1: give him how much ever he needs
User 2: woh toh twenty hi bolega na bro :p
User 1: why 20 ? !
User 2: but yeah i'll talk to him and see what's needed
User 1: oh the amount you have to give him
User 2: he'll tell me poora de de abhi ke liye . he was like bro abhi ke liye de de, if i don't go to delhi tonight then i'll give it back
User 1: na usko bol it's jenits money so whatever is needed he can yake
User 2: yeah wohi . i'm thinking i'll try to book his ticket w credit card
User 1: flight ki toh koi dikat nahi hai . or that
User 2: yeah first i'll try that only . bataye toh kuch . all i know is that it's office related . i'm assuming it's legal stuff
User 1: abbe uske baap ki purani job ki waise hi bt chal rahi hai since forever . let me know if you get an update
User 2: he said keep money aside i'll tell you if i need it . i don't think he's going
User 1: 20 ?
User 2: i told him eight
User 1: chill hai
User 2: he's not even letting me go over there
User 1: abbe ishaan se baat kar ek baar
User 2: soch raha hoon thodi beer utha ke chala jaaun
User 1: something must be up
User 2: hmm maybe . but what if they aren't home and they don't know
User 1: rukh tu
User 2: if he takes money then whatever i was gonna pay him at the end of the month i'll give to you
User 1: matlab yeh sem mai hi dena hai toh kabhi bhi dede
User 2: emi is easier :p . har mahine 10k xd . yeah he said come over . ja raha hoon
User 1: let me know what scene
User 2: ye scene
User 1: wtf . par abhi kyu arrest hue . itne time se chal raha hai . behenchod . usko bol ghar jaye . his mom needs him definitely
User 2: i booked his ticket . he says scapegoat bana rahe hain
User 1: abbe jo bhi bana rahe hai but how deep is he in this
User 2: yeah
User 2: kal apparently harshit will go straight to the high court from the airport . kal bail hearing hai
User 1: kya bt hai be job hunt ke beech mai
User 2: yeah it's pretty bad
User 1: did you spend all the emergency 4k cash on  ?
User 2: usko bech ke harshit ko diya . we spent total eight thousand, eight hundred on him . kaustubh bhi one thousand, three hundred diya
User 1: ghar aakar baat karte hai
User 2: kitni der mei aayega
User 1: 1:30ish
User 2: fuck . didn't you land by 11 . arav just discovered and broke shringi's old glass bong in your room
User 1: i want my room clean . i don't want any bs in my room . tum dono dekhlo . delay wagera hua . cab ka bhi randap
User 2: upar jaa i'm in the bathroom . i'll bring him later
User 1: cool
User 2: arav saw you entering shringy's from the balcony
User 1: chill hai woh bhi aaya na
User 2: arav knows about us trying to hide yesterday's roll . abhi scene hua
User 1: chill hai . bolde maine pay kiya tha isliyr
User 2: bahar chalte hain i'll tell you
User 1: couldn't care less . cool . kya kar rahe ho tumlog udhar
User 2: mei toh report padh raha hoon . arav aise hi baitha hai . tu kidhar hai
User 1: got my bag from pearl . going home now . he's like itni late scooty kaise di . and i thought shringi ke ghar phookh raha ths . kaha hai . you're not coming back ?
User 2: idk . bt ho rahi hai
User 1: harshit ka ?
User 2: pata nahi
User 1: nba
User 2: what about it
User 1:  .
User 2: nahi be . tu baith . chill hai
User 1: i'm leaving too
User 2: biryani bani hai
User 1: garam kar please
User 2: i ate . aaja
User 1: texted shringi ?
User 2: he's sleeping . bhai ho aa yaar sovereign
User 1: wait don't call
User 2: aisa kya kar raha hai
User 1: i'll explain later . nothing serious
User 2: abey but sovereign toh ho aa . arav is paying man wasool le
User 1: im at shringis lol . i can't sleep so i'm smoking hoping it helps
User 2: abey haraamkhor . mujhe kyun jhoot bol raha hai
User 1: aaja . first round is almost over
User 2: rakh abhi . use bol i'll go to him in a bit
User 1: abhi hi chalu kiye thodi der . tell 3rd floor girl is calling
User 2: she actually is calling so now dilemma
User 1: fu
User 2: you shouldn't have said pearl city lol . now arav is fuming ki kitna chutiya hai sovereign tak nahi jaa raha
User 1: tell him i'm drunk . make sure he's not in the balcony . is it safe to come back
User 2: come in 5 . he's v happy about two shots rn
User 1: gg . let him take . take him to my room
User 2: bathroom mei le raha hai
User 1: wah . i'm coming . don't let him in the balcony
User 2: cool . don't go to shringy's without me after ur exam asshole
User 1: i'll go after the second papernonlynnot now
User 2: kidhar hai
User 1: lift
User 2: kya scene
User 1: coming home now
User 2: abey aaja gaandu . are you not coming . then i'm not taking any buds
User 1: aata hu
User 2: chill udhar phook le . i didn't bring any
User 1: tell one . did you take or no
User 2: did not .  .
User 1: fine
User 2: arav might ask for cash for the roll . say you don't have . kidhar hai . bro get an advance pls
User 1: i forgot all the money upstairs only
User 2: yeah i'll send to him . i'll send you the screenshot abhi . where you at
User 1: downstairs . send now
User 2: get four small king's . i'm sending forty
User 1: at shringis ? . respected sirmadam,
User 2: bc acha toh likha hai
User 1: abbe par letter kenliye change ? . phukh raha hai ?  . kya kar raha hai
User 2: just came up . seems . arav phook gaya . was he here when you were here ?
User 1: khol . i asked arav if he has indian clothes for diwaki . he's like kyu chaiye bro . celebrate karna hai kya acchese or something . oo . then chill
User 2: still though . had not smoked from that at all
User 1: woh bhi kyu share kare
User 2: you had split w shringy in the evening ?
User 1: no whatever was left uska aadha kiya tha . so i have one half . i think theyhe smoked the other half
User 2: you have one half ? . toh why you taking from his drawer also xx
User 1: no wasnt taking . i was checking his drawer because that time we thought arav smoked our  so wanted to check
User 2: cool
User 1: you awake ?
User 2: bol
User 1: kya scene
User 2: raj is supposed to bring some to smoke . but i'm not waiting for him lol . wait downstairs . call before you come up . we both may have to go get roll
User 1: huh ?
User 2: what . ok listen . neeche do entry for raj . don't write time
User 1: cool . kidhar hai tu
User 2: bathroom
User 1: darwaza
User 2: two min . i think arav is home . bro bong le aa jaakar . time lagega
User 1: kya hua
User 2: bhoom wala hi nahi aaya hai lol . kabse five min bol raha hai
User 1: where do you have to get it from . arav ko drop nahi kiya  ?
User 2: nahi . near jeet's place . liya ?
User 1: getting
User 2: paise kisse maang raha hai . i gave him one thousand three days ago . the cook
User 1: i'll ask him to get the book
User 2: grocery ke paise bol raha tha ? . i gave him salary ke one thousand
User 1: bro . arav knows it's five hundred ka roll .  . shringi ko pata chala hai toh isliye bol diya zor se usnr
User 2: abey yaar . arav ke kaan mei free free hoke echo ho raha hoga
User 1: laptop laptop charger bhi lale plus :" . :
User 2: theek
User 1: select bro . fast fast fast
User 2: dark mint . oreo dream . and one more that you liked
User 1: i'm having two here . so you tell
User 2: surprise me . thanks
User 1: man . can you tez ?
User 2: lol . my phone's off to avoid niranjan lol
User 1: cool . bt
User 2: get the cheapest . kidhar hai
User 1: coming home in fifteen
User 2: try getting tob
User 1: open
User 2: wyd
User 1: looking for my charger
User 2: lol
User 1: and lighter
User 2: call harshit . fot at 6 . fot at 5 . wear kurta
User 1: cool
User 2: 5:30 - harshit . i'm leaving now
User 1: oh broo . kya scene
User 2: he got . listen . from downstairs . try getting masti and ors
User 1: timmy ki chai chaiye ?
User 2: if there's no ors then gatorade . no . bp low
User 1: cool
User 2: pls le aana
User 1: yeah
User 2: if no ors then get tang . sasta hoga
User 1: better 
User 2: but ors important . i'll pay from here np
User 1: where you at
User 2: upar . watching netflix . sab khatam
User 1: shringi ? . man fuck
User 2: i got three 
User 1: i got two :p
User 2: now i'm happy . bro hai . uncrushed hai . i didn't know . aaja . come
User 1: coming
User 2: he wants to sleep soon . aaja . arav knows about the  ?
User 1: no . sai shringi arav scored so uska end ka phukh rahe hai
User 2: nice . arav ko bol kal subha sessional hai
User 1: kal chutti hai . karnataka day . dry day . spindrift ?
User 2: lolol . dekhenge
User 1: kitne baje tak ayege ? . i have my farewell tomorrow
User 2: 3ish
User 1: abbe bt
User 2: what
User 1: kafi kaam hai iska
User 2: what to do
User 1: dekhte hai chal . did he open
User 2: come . bro . pls get sutta when you come
User 1: no money rn . send if you can
User 2: yaar bt . i have ten paise in bank . couple goals
User 1: where are you . sup
User 2: kidhar hai
User 1: room
User 2: ask your friend . i'm also trying on credit card . sirf return wali flight ka dekh . outgoing i think i can manage
User 1: harshit ki details dena
User 2: harshit saxena . dob: twelve may 1996 . 7022884528 . if you can confirm sg8908 on 13th november then take it . ok listen
User 1: he can book the return
User 2: they cost the same but i'm gonna take some time to find availability
User 1: i confirmed
User 2: better if his outgoing can be confirmed
User 1: check this
User 2: yeah valid toh hai . when do i have to pay him ? . kitna time de sakta hai ye ?
User 1: i'll tell him i'll pay him in mumbai
User 2: i'll pay you after lucknow then
User 1: or else he'll send a guy to my place in mumbai so its fine
User 2: still, if possible book his outgoing
User 1: book karau ?
User 2: this ticket is still cancellable so your friend shouldn't have an issue . yeah outgoing bhi kara de . return ka change karna ho toh raat mei batayenge . but book kara de and ask for the bill pls
User 1: so should i ask him to book cancellable
User 2: no, not on his end . on his end a regular outgoing ticket for tomorrow . the flight that harshit asked for
User 1: in the ss you sent right ?
User 2: this one . kya scene ?
User 1: i sent harshit both the tickets
User 2: theek . send me the outgoing . sahi hai . your friend sent both confirmed tickets not travel agent blocks lol . paise ka pooch lena
User 1: yeah exactly thats what i told you . 10 .4 . harshit ko bata diya . usne pucha tha
User 2: that's less than online lol . haan chalega . mat lena usse paise . he'll offer to pay the difference from what i owe him, don't take it
User 1: 2 .4k he will tez you hes sayinh
User 2: bc hum khud two mahine baad denge aaj le ke kya karun . i told him not to
User 1:  . yeah i insisted that he not pay . chill hai dekhte hai
User 2: yeah . chal thanks
User 1: agar tez kare toh actually return it
User 2: theek
User 1: ghar pai kya scene
User 2: no scene . but can you bring food . like samosa or bread pakoda
User 1: man campus mai bakchodi kar raha hu
User 2: location kahan hai
User 1: abbe i'm just waiting for the ortho guy . baki sab kabka hogaya
User 2: are you outside . i think manager aaya
User 1: no . fuck . bc . usko kaat ke dede na check . arav will deposit today anyway
User 2: cheque de dete hain aaj
User 1: usko bol kal parsu karvaye
User 2: bro kya karoon
User 1: fuck no . this is what we have at home
User 2: aur dhoondenge aur kya
User 1: ya . aaja
User 2: if you come back alone pls bring a snickers
User 1: roll karke rakh na . plis
User 2: bhai too high
User 1: bhai mai kaise karunga
User 2: you won't believe how knocked out we are
User 1: kitna rolls khatam kiye 
User 2: two total . two left
User 1: arre yaar thoda roll . karde
User 2: i'll try at 9pm
User 1: coming in 10 . please
User 2: lol . man . fine . you're buying me a pizza . bro sun . we are rolling
User 1: i'm not going there with a girl
User 2: bhai humare liye ladki ko mat ditch kar yaar . le ja use bhi saath
User 1: fu
User 2: bhai paper cup mei sweet corn deta hai na banda manipal stores pe . theatre jaisa . forty rupees ka large . four le aa for me and ashwani . pls . loves u . text before you come up
User 1: wifi
User 2: bc music laga apne room mei
User 1: oh fuck yeah should have done that
User 2: kuch hua ? :p
User 1: this is when it started
User 2: lol i couldn't hear anything :p . which is more disgusting than hearing something so i told you to put the music on :p
User 1: she literally had to say bhai mai nahi karne wali . what did you hear 
User 2: kya nahi karne wali . nothing bol toh raha hoon
User 1: initiate
User 2: chalo kuch toh hua . but wait . did she say she wants you to ? :p . man if your friends are going to emerald to get a roll then tu bhi ek manga le pls
User 1: yeah  . i'm in emerald . pratham krishna mai scene hua tha . so not getting in this area
User 2: toh tum log kya phook rahe ho . bhai rollz
User 1: nahi mila
User 2: bro if you can go and get it then do that . i'm gonna take a while
User 1: bhai padh raha hu ab yaar
User 2: phir 2-3 baje laaunga
User 1: chal dekhata hu will go with ashwani in a bit . check kar . bro he said it will come after some time . kmc se nikal kar call karna and puchna na
User 2: roll ya drivezy ? . bro tob
User 1: i don't have ha
User 2: win nahi hai andar ? . i made arav cry again . he deserved it but i feel bad lol
User 1: ab kya hua bc
User 2: usual rash driving . while going there was a cement lorry driver that almost hit us and then almost hit two people behind us who had to stop and breathe before continuing . and we could avoid it but arav hero ban raha tha but i didn't say anything . return mei phir se hua ki late turns pakad rahe hain woh bhi wrong entry se and obstructing traffic . then after obstructing traffic to get out of there, he pulled the accelerator and kept going and didn't stop until well after vgt, starting at the police station . and i was like bro tu hero nahi hai toh kyun ban raha hai . ego hurt ho gaya two second mei bakchodi karne laga . i was like bro sun le because isi wajah se i don't like sitting w you . then he's like fucking don't sit w me, tere se toh better chala ta hoon bc soc ke bahar thok ke aaya gaadi . i was like tu dekha bhi nahi tha udhar kya hua tha and idhar tu kya kar raha hai . if your defense to why that truck didn't run over us is that he's a better driver than the guy sitting behind him than that's fucked up . keheta hai chup behenchod faltu baap mat ban aur commentary na maar . and he was crying at this point . i was like ro kyun raha hai i said one thing asking you to drive carefully and tu itna chadh gaya . and woh gaali diye ja raha tha . then i was like bro you know that i know that i'm right, right ? . we talk about things, everyone . i was like bro you're a fucking joke to us, you know that right ? . bas toot gaya woh . rote rote ghar chala gaya didn't even come to adarsh
User 1: abbe start karta, itna kyu bolta hai
User 2: sun hi nahi raha tha bc . gaali diye jaa raha tha bhoom ke bahar . after everything i said what i said lol . i told him five times bro simple si baat ko aage kyun badha raha hai . uske baad phir sun liya as usually happens when warnings are not taken seriously . chup thodi rahunga uski chutiya driving sehe ke uski gaali khaakar
User 1: tumlog mat jaya karona phir bc
User 2: kaustubh ke saath ja raha tha yaar arav usko upar bhej diya
User 1: you should have seen adarsh guys face when i asked for condoms . he was so happy . and then when i said two packs he's like two chaiye ? and smiled
User 2:  . kaunsa liya ? :p
User 1: extra ribbed :p
User 2: bohot sahi :p . cheat to the death
User 1: ciming
User 2: chutiya wale makeout ki awaaz aa rahi hai . bro see if only sunil is there downstairs . if yes take ashwani's card
User 1: didn't get . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . oye . 10-11 . spiked mil raha hai . pavitra
User 2: bt i did not see
User 1: call daksh
User 2: bro did you take clean bedsheets from the sofa
User 1: nope . bro . sunil is kya scene . she wants to stay over
User 2: go down and talk to sunil
User 1: come on man please help me out . number tob bhej de . something . bhai dikshita ke baad pehli baar puch raha hu
User 2: sunil c . chest
User 1: you have rolling paper right
User 2: bro tell your dude to send money man . chalna hai ? . tell kaustubh not to come then
User 1: yes . bhai woh kal subah nikal raha hai  . 
User 2: chal i'm coming in ten
User 1: ghar ?
User 2: usko bol aaj chale jaaye . yeah, i'll take a shower and then go . abey mera geyser on kar de na . call me before you leave campus . lock karke aa bro . replyy . need help
User 1: sorry hi
User 2: will you be able to get a ticket done for me in the evening . i'm short by like 3k xd . i can send you the amount, or i can cover your rent or whichever you want
User 1: so like you pay when you have the money . i'll get the ticket mostly . i texted the dude let him reply
User 2: i'll only pay like, day after then
User 1: yeah yeah perfect
User 2: okay cool . i'll tell you deets once i know more
User 1: dude i owe a dealer 3k  . yes it doesn't feel good to be in aravs position
User 2: 3k for what lol
User 1: man i scored 2gs yesterday . gave one to anushka rn for her dad looll
User 2: that was 3k ?
User 1: this is how i'm paying back for the courier hahahahha
User 2: my lord
User 1: 4 .6k . time to pull a rudhran
User 2: ab toh udhaar bhi utaar diya
User 1: haan yaar . bro this is serious, next sem rent mai i'll need a lotta help . plis to
User 2: sab manage ho jayega
User 1: :
User 2: jaise ab tak hua waise aage bhi hoga . departing mangalore tomorrow  , reaching dubai on 10th morning
User 1: why do connections
User 2: i'm going to nerul to see my nana . passenger name vidit avasthi . date of birth 13th january 1997 . bro cancel that flight
User 1: i forward this ?
User 2: yeah
User 1: direct jaa raha hai ? 
User 2: sg59, december 9th for vidit avasthi, dob 13-01-1997 . haan . send him this and the flight ka screenshot
User 1: rs . 10,600
User 2: sort . ticket forward kar dena once you get it
User 1: check . dear  mr avasthi: your spicejet pnr is bciztt (sg 59; nine dec'19; ixe-dxb(t1); 0020-0240)  . upgrade to spicemax with extra legroom, book hot meals, priority services at nominal charges  check flight status at  .
User 2: sort bro . thanks man
User 1: dear  mr avasthi: view the modified booking of your pnr bciztt (sg 59; nine dec'19; ixe-dxb(t1); 0020-0240)  . upgrade to spicemax with extra legroom, book hot meals, priority services at nominal charges  check flight status at  .
User 2: yeah it's chill . o .o . the heck . bro sun . if you can then pls pay for the ticket and i'll cover your rent which is actually due immediately . but otherwise i'll send you 10k in another day or two
User 1: this
User 2: cool np . but phir what about rent
User 1: going to need help till i start earning tbh . dhirams mai try kar cover karne ki
User 2: bro phir apne ghar pe bolde na ki i covered your rent against the ticket . issue nahi hai . i'm going to western union it to arav anyway
User 1: but they think the rent is already paid naa
User 2: acha
User 1: yeah i fucked up the money part this semester . sorrys
User 2: chill bro . neism here to protect u . irich
User 1: the only apple product idm . accha sun . i knew you were never going to take money . isliye chup chap split se nikala tha to avoid confusion . literally sirf tu paise ki baat karta hai hum mai se . mai directly bola "so that you don't talk about this in the future" literally my first statement, because we know teko sunane mai maza aata hai . you clearly proved me right there . second, i remember breaking one bowl and probably one glass mug . i can assure you that part . uske alava puri cutlery ya toh arav toda hai ya cleaner theek hai . yes the burning thing was a purpose thing but i stopped when you said enough and clearly the tracks had no marks then . aur bhosdike aisi masti tu bhi karta hai, sab karte hai . and sab rukh jate hai when the other person gets pissed off and that been going on since 1st sem . i can apologise for the clumsy part but even you know i never mean it so i know for a fact you're okay with it and take it as collateral for our friendship . itna koi tera nuksaan nahi hogaya . bhosdike tu plates ginayega four saal baad ? dekh teko sunane ke liye sunane hai, ss lena hai to prove oh you were right once again toh karle . waise toh tu bhi kabhi change nahi hoga . mere saath khali khali bakchodi maat kar din ke beech just because you want something to do . even i'm that bored . teko kabhi ginaya kya tere par kitna kharcha mene aur mere parents ne ? nahi na . but it's fine . suna de aur . ss bhej de group par . and deposit se jitna katna hai batade, i'll gladly pay for the fuck ups i've done . but maybe uske baad bhi sunana padega . par theek hai, teri aadato ko janta hu and accept karta hu . lele maze .
User 2: not reading that . no paragraph is worth seven grand
User 1: you deleted this message . you deleted this message . badme bt mat dena phir
User 2: sunega toh tu jitni baar tere saamne pyjama pehenunga
User 1: chal fair enough . do you have the money for the flight ticket ?
User 2: yup
User 1: that dude asked me today . i'll ask for the number
User 2: kisi mei bhi daal doon ?
User 1: yas
User 2: theek
User 1: bro
User 2: twenty-four ghanta lagta hai intl payee mei . chill
User 1: no . not that man
User 2: phir kya
User 1: are you getting any withdrawal symptoms
User 2: nope
User 1: man i was eating acchese . kal se ulti kare ja raha hu 
User 2: last kab phooka
User 1: mumbai aakar legit two baar
User 2: last bata na
User 1: over a week :
User 2: should not be that then
User 1: pakada gaya tab kafi dino we haath nahi kagaya tha
User 2: could be something else
User 1: yeah kinda got fever too . hope so mann . arav itna  kaha se laya but 
User 2: arav se pooch . agar sahi mei withdrawal ho raha hai then that's an issue . none of us ever get it . not even arav
User 1: bro whenever i get it it's very clear and it's always mood related and not health . i just hope it's because of the polluted city
User 2: ho sakta hai . possibility hai . you don't get the breath you're used to, i'm pretty sure you'll start craving it . yep . abey sun . visa nikaal le aaj . kal parso dubai aaja . weather bhi sahi hai . kidhar
User 1: panchgani bungalow :x . destination kaha se chalu hui thi . kaha finalise hui . just like all plans
User 2: panchgani se shuru karte toh juhu ke aage nahi nikal paata . padh sakega ? :p
User 1: physically can't what's app decreased quality . because i want to and have nothing to do  . i can't even read the name lol . okay i read virgin raj  . yeah fucking email bro padhuga lol
User 2: bhej diy . uska dil jitna bada hai, dimaag utna hi chota
User 1: 6mb image argh beaut . chal padh eaha hu . bro honestly even i doubt the marker thing because it was because of the blaze guys only . but rather safe than sorry . and ishaan and anushka thing . yeah that will create problems even if arav and ishaan assure it because ishaan is that kind of dude . like the easy with rules which won't work in pragati . twice a week  . dikshita stayed over like less than ten times in four semesters
User 2: wohi toh . arav bhi when he came, he came w the same attitude . that today i'll sign and aage dekhunga . i know eshan will do the same thing . and i know the repercussions of that
User 1: thanks god ladki nahi aayi iski :p . ishaan jesus
User 2: whatever lol . sabka apna apna spelling bana ke rakhe hain
User 1: naman ka kya scene hai . is he a prospective ? . or is he not coming back only lol
User 2: naman ko hum thodi lenge . arav hates naman lol . and i'm never being room mates with naman again
User 1: oh wait i forgot 
User 2: yup . 2nd jan lonavala hoga ? . acha fk it
User 1: i'll let you know
User 2: 2nd jan i'm coming . for the day
User 1: mumbai mai toh hu
User 2: shaam ko manipal
User 1: bt
User 2: i'm booking ticket abhi
User 1: lol thodi aur problem hogayi . toh panchgani ka aamby valley hogaya
User 2: kabhi . aamby valley is fine na ?
User 1: rn 
User 2: isko bol shaadi na kare
User 1: the compromise we needed to make was less distance toh usme isse accha kuch nahi . bro ladki par taras aata hai . life ka pehle relationship . woh bhi baap dilvaya . after starting to text, 4th day par ily bol diya . and guy has been in a five year relationship .  . i'm just thinking uski position mai the hota toh
User 2: haye bhagwan . mere naazuk se dil ko aisi tatti soochna mat diya kar
User 1:  . yo . neeraj just called
User 2: yeah i gave him the number
User 1: amit ka nahi de
User 2: kaun amit
User 1: whose number did you send . nevermind . arre . he wanted to score . i send number ?
User 2: yours
User 1:  .
User 2: your wish bro . tera contact hai . mujhse kya pooch raha hai :p . de de i guess
User 1: he has to say i'm neeraj vidit friend calling . lol
User 2: yeah fine chalega
User 1: bro ticket ka bhi confirmation dedena please whenever you do it . no particular hurry
User 2: ten thousand, six hundred na ?
User 1: dp tho . ha
User 2: ho gaya hoga abhi tak toh ruk . he should have received it
User 1: yeah just check the status of transfer . cool i'll tell
User 2: ya one sec . ruk i'll give screenshot . just send that to him
User 1: exactly . 13k ka kya hua
User 2: i want to book on world's fastest zipline for this weekend . dad said he'll pay in the evening but i don't have time
User 1: tell me the name . because honestly i'm done with zipline . 13k ki kya hai bc  . let me see
User 2: six hundred dirham ki 2 . bro done . book ho gaya . man remember i told you i think harshit's case will take a few years to finally close
User 1: what about it
User 2: kundli hi kharaab nikli
User 1: you forwarded the info for this ? . but mostly he'll be in rather than out right
User 2: yeah harshit gave . my dad sat for hours . said it's a tricky kundli . said unki kundli mei likha hai that for one second's brain deflection that he'll commit hera pheri, he'll get caught up in it . he's not someone who can take those risks . he can't say for sure exactly how much time he's going to spend in jail . but he says there's not a lot of peace of mind for the next 5-7 years
User 1: aisi cheeze chalti toh hai kafi time . fucks . atleast he's in delhi
User 2: he showed me why on the software
User 1: ek acchi cheez
User 2: it actually shows the planetary movements in relation to your life . you could pretty clearly see that this current period extends into a few years
User 1: don't know how much i believe in it but one thing for sure is this
User 2: for sure kuch nahi hota hai . log apni kismat badal bhi lete hain . but yeah idk how . i can't do international transfers or use my cards because no pan . i'll try getting it done through arav or shringi or someone else asap gimme a bit
User 1: cool keep me updated . accha he asked me samnese about the payment today
User 2: yeah man bt ho rahi hai itne din ho gaye . yesterday i asked someone in india to arrange . karke dega thodi der mei . i'm hoping he does it by saturday but i'm not confident he will so i'm talking to shringi also . shringi can pay immediately but don't want to take that liability . if my guy doesn't pay him on time then shringi atak jayega
User 1: bro ticket ke kafi din hogaye so i suggest do this . you'll be meeting him soon enough anyway no . like start of jan when you get back . dhirams chuppa de :p
User 2: yeah but i don't want to tell him i'll pay him next week
User 1: but you see
User 2: i have money rn . i have it bro
User 1: yeah yeah
User 2: i got 60k a few days ago . for hong kong
User 1: i'm just telling you the dynamics lol . yeh kab hai bc 
User 2: eighteen march . mostly even shringi is coming
User 1: lol
User 2: i'm covering him mostly . expecting some investments to bring returns by feb end . if enough returns then i'm covering him and arav if he gets his passport
User 1: and my rent 
User 2: that's already done . two month's behind on rent but the rest of it's been arranged
User 1: behindm .  ?
User 2: june rent and december rent is yet unpaid . i've only made arrangements for total of three months so far . baaki bhi hoga tab dekhenge . it's just 400 a month so i'm not too concerned
User 1: bro man mere rent ka samaj nahi as raha hai . because according to me june was paid . only december onwards wasn't . i'm very confused . because i was owed also so much money . and then harshit ki tickets karai
User 2: tune diya june jo paid hoga ? :p
User 1: and still if i owe rent for june and december then it's a problem . no i'm saying we paid something . because i got enough money for rent till like feb or something including harshits and all
User 2: harshit ki tickets i paid you for . remember when you left, i told you that i'll owe you 4k when you leave
User 1: there is no way we spent itna . ha
User 2: so on splitwise you owe me some 3200 . when that reaches 4k . then we'll be settled
User 1: accha
User 2: then other than that . you do still owe your share of june and december . june i'll still take from deposit no way i'm paying . others i'll pay . we'll probably cover all your rent till the end and take it from your deposit later
User 1: bro i don't understand itne debt that people owed me kum kaise hogaya
User 2: bro har mahine ki bijli . last month arav paid, then last week i paid
User 1: okay this i remember
User 2: sathish . ram . grocery
User 1: i kept paying him my thing bro
User 2: i think arav paid ram for you
User 1: all these yes but are small
User 2: recently after you left
User 1: bro ram called me and told me he didn't get shitb . for this also he said it was unpaid
User 2: how much does arav owe you ?
User 1: and even if it was, fine . but itne mahina ka rent coukdnt have been coveredb . just 2 .5
User 2: bro i remember you telling me a week before leaving how you've spent 15k in a short amount of time . and i remember telling you that expense was yours
User 1: yes
User 2: because tu hi roz bahar ja raha tha sab log ke saath . 15k on it's own is two months' rent
User 1: bro i remember my split being beautiful and then not beautiful
User 2: calculate kar where you spent
User 1: and this was finen . only one thing i'm very doubtful is . the 9ish k that was written in my notepad . the one you owed harshit . you sure we settled here ? . yeh toh nahi hoga but yeah splitwise is fine
User 2: yeah bro, i came from lucknow and paid rent
User 1: accha fine cool . except the november electricity where we paid 2 .2k each and we barely stayed for half month and woh bhi apan shringi me that zyada the . abbe itni kitni electricity use karta hai arav :p
User 2: i owed you around 10k because of harshit and our own hisaab and then i paid your rent . aisa kuch nahi be
User 1: yeah yeah fine i won't ask now chill hai
User 2: bijli sabka hi hai
User 1:  . yeah that's why didn't say much
User 2: if that full month we stayed then we have equal responsibility to bill
User 1: not full electricity cycle
User 2: the bill we paid last week was upto november 15th . november 15th-december 15th is still unpaid . so 1k
User 1: arre bc
User 2: just 1k man
User 1: november 15th tak was added on split before only na but
User 2: recently . arav added it
User 1: yeah but i'm just gettingnonntop of things because that time i didn't have split . j thought that was . this .
User 2: chill, i remember it :p . you'll just have to take my word for it lol . nahi
User 1: yeah man shouldn't have lost my phone
User 2: if that was the case . then mahine bhar pehle bijli nahi cut hoti . we got two months backlog, then arav paid one month, they restored, then i paid second month . now this is the new bill
User 1: arav jab baap see gali khaya tha that was oct nov bill ?
User 1: oh wtf
User 2: then i paid last week
User 1: ohh
User 2: now we owe we paid this is november end
User 1: fine fine . chill hai phir yeh . arghh . i hope ill be able to save and keep sending every month thoda . so yesterday the 5k thing, dad figured it out and paid it . and then he was going through gpay app . gand phat gayj baap ki . he's like kya mast hai bri . 
User 2: bro jan end mei tell your parents ki fuck hua tha end mei and they'll be fine . thoda kaam karna shuru karde ek baar . phir sab theek hoga . today if you tell them they'll be like kya gandu hai . and see if you can do hong kong . march 18-22nd . rudhran and i are confimed . flying indigo on 17th night . from bangalore
User 1: bro no . you please handle my rent . like be mentally prepared . becahse im prepared to fuck up thoda i'm blore and send you money every month . fuck up in the sense give up the chill  life thoda
User 2: lol you think i was gonna leave it to you ? :p . ofc i'm prepared
User 1: no . fucking hell . you deleted this message
User 2: that fucker is flying qantas at the price i'm flying indigo
User 1: just so that you read it and not take a ss :p
User 2: yeah i didn't read it
User 1: i wrote . you deleted this message
User 2: nice . go save 35k . and come . fuck rent
User 1:  yols . accha side note, i've ask my friend time till sunday . please tab tak jugaad :p . fuck bro hopefully after earning life aisi gareebi mai na jaye
User 2: gareebi mei nikli phir itni padhai ka kya phaayeda . kaam kar apna chup chaap and risk le life mei . bakchodi mei mat baitha rahe ki door nahi jaana, parents nahi maanenge etc . do everything necessary
User 1: dads not saying . im saying . see bro do it asap . yes yes
User 2: my dad's biggest advantage over his peers was his willingness to get uncomfortable in any strange land and work there . yeah man i get it . i don't fucking owe people this is bt . especially bc shringi and arav were actually supposed to pay him immediately but shringi delayed payment by a week after which arav used it to pay electricity . ruk gaand se nikalwaata hoon paisa uski
User 1: bahut kamaya isliye touch wood chalta rahe
User 2: i paid shringi's poker debt the day after you left
User 1: wtf
User 2: usme phir hage ye dono log
User 1: he had that too ? !
User 2: yeah not a lot . some 6-7k . i paid 5k . and i paid electricity to arav plus he needed spending money so i gave him that too . nahi dena chahiye tha in hindsight . not to mention this was a week after covering full rent yet again . bc bohot ghisa mei khud ko ye semester saalon . for no reason xd
User 1: mere bhi kidhar udgaye 
User 2: now he owes me more than the ticket amount lol
User 1: need to keep everything in account
User 2: at least i know where mine went :p . yeah
User 1: auto ke forty rs dalata that 2nd year tak walnut par
User 2: tere jaise bakchodi mei mere nahi doobe paise :p
User 1: yols . one last time
User 2: abhi when i go back arav phir bt dega over rent . god i hope he has his own share
User 1: bro start stealing foreign currency mai . zaroorat hogi hi hogi
User 2: funny you said that . naveed and i are starting our own business . wasn't gonna tell anyone
User 2: but it's been in the works for a while . he's in the process of getting his forex license right now . and i don't need one
User 1:  ? ?
User 2: his business aent is stronger than all of my friends combined . kabhi dimaag mei business idea aaya bhi hai jo has raha hai gandu ? . we start trading january 27th
User 1: i thought you were joking . punchline ka wait kar raha tha . but what exactly
User 2: and will only incorporate once capital valuation reaches 40000
User 1: currency exchange thing ?
User 2: forex upto 40000
User 1: incorporate what ?
User 2: then incorporate into investment sector in africa . entially looking at rwanda . will have to shift there after college too
User 1: oh man
User 2: remember the billionaire who came over for dinner a few days ago that i snapped ?
User 1: ha
User 2: owns yum brands africa franchisee . he's guiding me in the african space because i told him i don't need his capital . but i know he'll invest on his own otherwise it isn't worth his time
User 1: ego pe liya hoga lol . but what exactly you doing
User 2: have to decide on first investment . still looking at options . in rwanda, they have 100 export of coffee . no local demand . and very pro-fdi policies . so we're looking at selling bulk to hotel chains . for the first investment, then we'll see how that goes . naveed is leaning towards importing in africa which is quicker money but also heavily regulated . so we're exploring both options
User 1: in india ? . and initial money kaha se ?
User 2: i'm only interested in one business in india atm . and that's import, sales and servicing of electric vehicles and charging infrastructure . and that industry is still 3-4 years away . so not thinking about that right now . mutual funds liquidate karke . thirty-two lakh mere paas hai, naveed has twenty-five lakhs
User 1: but maybe better start now so you'll have an edge later and can afford to fuck up now when the industry isn't booming . but yeah no money making anytime soon then
User 2: just that he's lazy so he doesn't study as seriously as i do
User 1: oh shit
User 2: no, there's no market there now
User 1: talent catches up to the laziness eventually toh chill hai
User 2: you need to step in right when the govt mandates that manufacturers start selling a small portion of inventory as evs . and that legislature is a few years away
User 1: oh
User 2: canada will adopt it in next three years . india will take at least twice as long
User 1: toh tab tak you wanna import something that you can capitalise in the near future na (coffee)
User 2: small value goods with low insurance rates and high yield . so coffee
User 1: love that i understand this . nice man . kabse baat chal rahi hai ?
User 2: if you can come up with a way to bring property on the internet in rwanda then boy do i have a market for you . few months . this is what i'd like to do but don't have the technical know-how
User 1: property in the internet . matlab ?
User 2: buy, lease, sell . property . put it on the internet . usse bhi zyaada bada market is for jeet's dad . which i will eventually consider . the fastest growing economy in africa also needs new housing . i want jeet to get into his dad's business once and then i'm gonna pull him in
User 1: isnt uganda faster . bc zambia bhi legalise karliya  for economy
User 2: no one is as politically stable or focused on growth as rwanda
User 1: udhar karna chaiye apanko kuch
User 2: not even tanzania or south africa
User 1: ha those factors matter
User 2: today to make money, you'll have to go where no one wants to go because everywhere else is saturated . that's why i was telling you, the more you think about your obligations, the slower you'll grow . go out there and do anything necessary
User 1: woh toh hai
User 2: we're considering north africa, saudi arabia and kuwait at the moment
User 1: for import ?
User 2: saudi in general has too much to offer . in saudi and kuwait both i'm interested in ev import and servicing . along with hopefully have a monopoly on charging . saudi also has an upcoming tourism industry . but yes . next year at this time we may very well be living in rwanda . or planning the move
User 1: charging what ?
User 2: the cars xx
User 1: bro best case scenario bc kaun jata hai udhar . udhar jakar yeh sab kiya toh nothing like it
User 2: that's the point
User 1: only charging mai bhi monopoly hai : . exactly
User 2: not many asian nations can either . every year rwanda grows twice as fast as the biggest economies in africa . that's why it matters to have worldly knowledge, so you can identify opportunities . tell anyone you're going to rwanda odds are they've either never heard of it or they'll tell you you're stupid bc kaun jaata hai . abhi kaam karo sab log 1-2 saal . kuch saal mei i'll figure a way out to bring everyone together . frankly if the situation in hong kong sees rapid deterioration over the next few years, then that in itself will be an opportunity for my business
User 1: the latter for sure . sab itna sasta ho jayega . desh chud toh gaya hai kafi . tu chalu kar waise bhi youve invested time in this and terese normal job zyada hoga nahi . yeh sab se hi tu upar pauchega . bhai kaustubh jab first time india ke bahar jayega soch is kaam ke wajarse nikle . yeah we are definitely earning some money together in the long term future . phir manipal ki bakchodi 25saal purani sharab peekar baat karege
User 2: yeah i need kaustubh in africa . he has something none of us do . is ability to work on the ground
User 1: koi nahi kar sakta bc
User 2: kaustubh jaayega khet mei farmer se ladne ki yield kyun nahi aa raha . i won't do that
User 1: yeh slavery wapas layege business ke liye africa mai 
User 2: anyway . these plans will take years to materialise . but yes there is real ential provided everyone does their bit
User 1: when are you planning to initiate anything but
User 2: january end . i'm making naveed study right now . i'm trying to arrange 1700 cash bc i don't want to sell shares rn . naveed already has his 1700
User 1: nahi but first kaha se chalu karega ? . import of coffee se ?
User 2: trading account . min of one thousand dollars each . then trade forex till we have 40k
User 1: three thousand, four hundred to 40k mai kafi time chalejayega
User 2: i want to have 20000 combined between us when brexit finally takes shape . that's my first opportunity
User 1:  . uski date postpone hoti rehgi
User 2: on that day pound will drop and i will buy one ton of indian rupees . not to mention that both jeet and kaustubh's dad are in construction . so if jeet licenses his name to kaustubh . kaustubh can take loans under his dad's company for construction projects in rwanda on jeet's companies name . jeet will get licensing fees and kaustubh will get to legitimately grow his dad's business . not to mention you can import cheap textile from africa . all of us have a lot to offer that we haven't even realised . i'm going to tap into all of that
User 1: bro fuck tab khudke paisa hoga remind me . won't make sense . textiles are down in asia . already over production hai
User 2: lol then we won't do that
User 1: but yeah
User 2: for me . i see more point growing in africa with africa
User 1: sirf padhna padega sab mucj
User 2: rather than the usual foreigner approach to taking resources
User 1: lol so true
User 2: that's why housing development is important to me . because you prove the concept in one broke country . and all the other broke countries will beg you to do it for them . which leads to all kinds of subsidies, tax exemptions and amazing loans
User 1: bhai kaustubh ka karana hai somehow ek din . itna ential hai . phir bhi 3k pm ke tuitions de raha hai . like fine good enough for now . but clearly not remotely good enough for bim
User 2: with his degree . his life may actually remain in mediocrity unless he does something substantial with conviction . and woh job mei nahi hoga . usko business karna hoga . mujhe bhi
User 1: exactly
User 2: and together all of us are really strong . alone none of us are that capable is the first thing we must accept . i'm not either
User 1: ba man stupid fuck . man even i don't want to be stuck in a safe job . ghumkar gand ghisni hai
User 2: you and harshit and arav are actually the only current misfits in my plan :p . but i know that if the business grows then we'll have things for you, even if we don't today
User 1: sorry man  .
User 2: bro thodi padhai karle and free time mei humaare saath forex paida kar . you can be a partner from day one
User 1: quantiphi gand ohad kar padhne di hai . but it's actually real world studies . aws wagera . seekne mil raha hai
User 2: wohi padhai kar phir
User 1: tera scaling mai help karunga b0
User 2: shayad humaare kaam aaye kisi din
User 1: :p . scaling mai exactly !
User 2: theek . padhai kar
User 1: bhai kitna effort daal raha hu 5k se kam toh kahi nahi . exactly what i said
User 2: if we stay on track and actually work towards each milestone, then no one can stop us from having a combined wealth of a million before we reach 30 . the numbers don't allow anything else
User 1: that's pretty possible . ah zyada sapne dikha diya . kaam karo ab
User 2: tere maa baap ki gaand phat jayegi ki ladka rwanda ja raha hai . pehle google karenge rwanda kidhar hai
User 1: will your paytm work from there ?
User 2: nahi ho raha, shringi ko chahiye na ?
User 1: i need 
User 2: i tried yesterday
User 1: flight ticket ka kya scene
User 2: parso aa ke khud hi de dunga tujhe bro . transfer kisi se nahi ho raha
User 1: lol perfect . bc 31st ke liye room book karne ki backchodi
User 2: oyo le le . pay at hotel
User 1: unmarried couples ki dikkat
User 2: select kar na oyo pe . unmarried couple friendly
User 1: hogaya book chill hai
User 2: theek
User 1: when are you landing
User 2: 7am . i can uber to your place . but neeche aajaana i don't want to show up at your door lol
User 1: what are your plans for the day but
User 2: i'll chill w you . then probably go to my grandfather's in the evening . or i'll take a hotel
User 1: arre toh take the uber to my place . have breakfast and a bath phir gedi marne niklege
User 2: cools . location bhej de
User 1: a wing, sumer tower, love lane, byculla . bro fuck . i don't want to believe in this astrology but fuck . that's around pretty fucking accurate . but is it time specific during his life
User 2: it's already happened . he was supposed to beware of this
User 1: yes . but like end ka kya scene . very very specific bc
User 2: if you go out anywhere tonight pls buy a toothbrush lol . preferably one w a cap
User 1: it's 2 . anyways i'm going to wake up at 8 . text me your updates and directly come home even if i don't answer mom knows you're coming
User 2: flat number kya hai
User 1: four hundred and four
User 2: tera sumer tower one hai ? . i just got into the cab
User 1: yes
User 2: reaching in ten
User 1: ok
User 2: neeche aa na . sutta . kidhar hai
User 1: hagg raha hu
User 2: abey aaja . phookte hain
User 1:  going to get clothes and set of new eyes for bangalore . where'd you get your cardigans from
User 2: pull and bear, bershka . sometimes zara
User 1: tell me some other clothing items to buy to improve my wardrobe for fucking bangakoreb
User 2: stop wearing basic ass jeans and buy nice trousers . solid color tshirts . and different colored cardigans, preferably buttoned so you can wear them open
User 1: coolio . bro you were going to give in mumbai
User 2: tabhi de dena chahiye tha . idhar aakar we spent . you can call on nine billion, nine hundred and thirty million, five hundred and thirty-one thousand and one if other number doesn't work but don't give this number to anyone
User 1: bro yaar i kinda understand but my friend wontn . business transaction ke liye not cool  . but like you know all this toh bt nahi dena gai
User 2: usko kal iss time tak de dunga guaranteed
User 1: but please make this your priority . yeah cool i won't say more but please . like woh samnese bola friendship ek jagah business ek jagah . didnt know what to say . but chal cool .
User 2: bro resend this . download nahi ho raha . jaldi bhej de yaar window khuli hai . cool . sorry yaar . bhej de usko
User 1: hogaya chill hai . did . you deleted this message . okay cardigans with like thoda printed shit or like solid color like the basic fahrenheit tees
User 2: dikha na . no
User 1: these two cardigans look good
User 2: which store are you in
User 1: so i just take these for inside no . i returned the formal shirts because i don't need so many since dress code is casual so lifestyle store credit
User 2: yeah take cardigans but with very little written on them . preferably nothing
User 1: it's this . tees may i take this na
User 2: yeah cool
User 1: tell me brands jo pheonix mai hoge . i'll go there now
User 2: just zara
User 1: hnm ?
User 2: yeah that's good too
User 1:  .  . literally got everything and then i realised i look like you in priyanks body lol . hopefully the tinder and bumble girls don't mind
User 2: hey, join zomato gold and get one free dish or two free drinks at top restaurants in the city . also get a 10 off using my referral code vidi6519 here: https:zoma .togl
User 1: dad is in hospital rn toh kal karunga . aaj ke liye login dede na
User 2: mine only works in dubai
User 1: oh man . one thousand, two hundred higa paytm tumhare paas . i'm getting gpay soon . just waiting for mobile number activation
User 2: nahi hai :p
User 1: arre bt . chalo mehengi sharab sr used to hote hai . bc dikshita is getting 40k for a coding job
User 2: go to a place without gold . damn
User 1: ab microbrewery chaiyr inko
User 2: yeah most don't take gold
