User 1: tell me the tshirt place ka kaam
User 2: "custommade" t-shirt that's the name go there and call me this picture on the front side a4 size on the back we need to write "mein london se aaya hu meko maalum" - big hoe this exact sentence
User 1:  mazagaon mai hi hai na shop?
User 2: and at the bottom of the t-shirt write in small letters and size 20th - 22nd december two thousand and nineteen haan just put it on google maps
User 1: cool i'll go there and give you a call
User 2: 0816-9272803 eight white t-shirts and one pink t-shirt 450 muhammad - m these are the sizes change yours if you think is wrong and if you think m is too big for me, get s for me too
User 1: round neck cotton? or collared?
User 2: round neck missed voice call
User 1: medium is perfect for everyone. khubeb large and humaid xl
User 2: okay take your call
User 1: front or back
User 2: back bottom
User 1: cool
User 2: just for memory man
User 1: yeah yeah
User 2: show me the design ha like he'll design it in his pc show me a pic
User 1: email me this. whatsapp reduces size toh pixelate hoga
User 2: cool email id?
User 1: jenitjain10@gmail.com
User 2: done
User 1: humaid ka pink na?
User 2: haan
User 1: man ali is not there. i have to work with a girl  going to be fun chal i'll send a pic
User 2: lol good luck  works  best
User 1: you confirmed this with ali?
User 2: neon hai lele try to negotiate further
User 1: she was shocked when i said four hundred and fifty so i doubt this is happening wanna change anything?
User 2: hu and meko ke beech mein gap
User 1: main london se aaya mereko sabh malum hai monil had sent this, i forwarded this
User 2: achhaa bro
User 1: i'll call and ask
User 2: are the tshirts ready
User 1: .
User 2: cool let me know
User 1: tomorrow morning only
User 2: bro try and tell them to do it by tonight tell them we're leaving at one pm tomorrow it's better to have it by tonight
User 1: okay i'll ask
User 2: got the tshirts? don't tell me you forgot
User 1: i came home drunk at 8:30am toh i told khubeb to get them wait i'll ask him
User 2: ask we got an hour to get them if we haven't yet they close at seven
User 1: chal i'll go now to get khubeb nahi laya
User 2: bro goo
User 1: left
User 2: okay keep me posted ha
User 1: humaid knows about the tshirts right i'm at the shop
User 2: no he doesn't did you tell him?
User 1: nono
User 2: yeah don't even
User 1: chill hai
User 2: cool send me a pic ha
User 1: this only i wanted to know whether on the group or pm
User 2: pm
User 1: yeah it's really good but they fucked up the printing on one t-shirt so he gave me that for free monil ka :p
User 2: show how do you know it was monils
User 1: arre matlab he's not coming right so okay no not the best
User 2: he is
User 1: oh fuck bt.
User 2: chalega bt?
User 1: bad trip. i mean we have one less tshirt
User 2: bro wtf why not get another one printed jenit you had one job what about the pink? for humaid?
User 1: that's not how it works he stitches the tshirts himself
User 2: chalega bro something is better than nothing
User 1: i just came. abhi tak ready nahi hua tha toh kal toh nahi milta
User 2: what can we do
User 1: yeah
User 2: you free first week of jan? 3-4-5 jan
User 1: i have no idea what my scene is till next sem. i'll find out by tuesday ish
User 2: aight
User 1: but yes most probably
User 2: cool cool stay on standby we might go today ill let you know one night aambey still not sure trying to see if its possible
User 1: okayy
User 2: okay monil won't come this weekend
User 1: are we going?
User 2: nope monil nahi hoga how can we go 28-29 chalega?
User 1: monil hoga?
User 2: possibly then only we'll go
User 1: then dont decide the dates and shit let him tell when he'll be free
User 2: ya ya
User 1: expectations nahi chaiye 
User 2: i feel you bro  but we'll go mahableshwar we make sure this trip happens six of us khubeb monil humaid maaz you and me
User 1: any destination is fine at this point
User 2: albert aur kya
User 1: ............
User 2: missed voice call soz by mistake why you still up 
User 1: madatcgod
User 2: wah you're drunk sahi hai
User 1: uthaya
User 2: one ring sorry man wasn't on purpose chill
User 1: okay i was jking  gm bro gadi nahi hai just checked kal mil
User 2: ok
