User 1: awww so cute xd dude did sasha block you on social media also?
User 2: don't care enough to check
User 1: do you have ca assignment rn
User 2: yep
User 1: fml do you have the questions rn
User 2: sit next to someone smart nope she's still teaching
User 1: same what about os? is that today ?
User 2: no clue if it is then i'm fucked
User 1: same i'm sitting next to komal hopefully she has some good notes send algo lab three codes plsss thanksss
User 2: are you still downstairs
User 1: yes have you solved this
User 2: i mean just my question
User 1: show me plss
User 2: man i don't solve stuff before exams if i get solutions i'll forward them
User 1: okay fine wait can u check if i solved one of the questions correctly
User 2: sure when you draw the state diagram, when you right shift eleven thousand, one hundred and ten by one and then or it to get eleven thousand, one hundred and eleven you don't make new state. the arrow goes to the already existing eleven thousand, one hundred and eleven state nope hold on i'm doing it now you deleted this message
User 1: is the greedy cycle (1,1,6) cause it's avg latency is less than 3?
User 2: in a greedy cycle, all the elements need to have the least latency for the particular node. basically all elements need to have
User 1: ah okayokay and how do you find efficiency
User 2: you see the frame with forty blocks check how many have tasks executing in them and how many are empty busy total
User 1: okie thankss
User 2: just showed revati the ss
User 1: you bitch why would u do that pls tell me you hid the caption at least
User 2: yeah she didn't see that 
User 1: thank goodness what did she say?
User 2: why are you being weird
User 1: how am i being weird  i'm always weird tho ahahah
User 2: dude how much did we talk last night and about what  i blacked the fuck out
User 1: i knew you'd forget you told me about how you told your mom about you and dikshita and you also mentioned about how she was molested by some guy in four hundred and fourteen
User 2: oh yeah damn
User 1: oh and harshit, you and i started talking about how i need to move on from rudhran which is when you said that you understand why i haven't been able to move on from him cause of the way he treated and respected me and then i told you about parv showed you the chat bw him and i that's about it so yeah we did talk quite a lot i guess :')
User 2: don't remember any of this ew
User 1: hahahahah fuck off you got drunk really fast you found the whole parv thingy funny i won't tell you what i told you about him tho  iss a secret
User 2: realllyyyyy don't care enough
User 1: stop lying i know you do jenittttt algo lab five codes plzzzz
User 2: yas
User 1: thnx man listennn, did you send them? thank youuu
User 2: in the pictures the third question is actually the second you deleted this message and this is 1)ii)
User 1: okiee thankss brah do we have cn assignment rn
User 2: doubt ut
User 1: but there's a possibility we might have it today right?
User 2: yes
User 1: dude is there ca assignment today nvm komal gave me a mini heart attack by telling me there's ca assignment rn jenitttt what you doing
User 2: sup
User 1: let's make plansss
User 2: for
User 1: idk drinking plans maybe
User 2: tonight?
User 1: yeah
User 2: we're watching a movie come over if you have nothing to do
User 1: okii eyy come down do you have algo lab six codes?
User 2: whyd you deactivate your insta
User 1: cause i'm unhappy with life. needed a break from social media i'll activate it once i feel good about myself
User 2: tell me
User 1: eh it's just a bunch of self destructive thoughts which leads to the conclusion that i'm a horrible person
User 2: did someone tell you something
User 1: nope, not really
User 2: vidit already told me tell me when you feel like talking i'm here :)
User 1: it's not really related to that i just feel like i'm not important to some people whom i thought cared about me
User 2: then telll
User 1: thought you should know that mahima and saba are going to confront me about something tonight
User 2: do you know why
User 1: mahima - maybe because of the misconception that i told vidit that she wanted to hook up w someone that night at big shot. but i only said that cause i was ranting to him about what saba had told me the morning after my drunk night and it was all related in that context. and i think he took it out of proportion and thought she was hooking up w someone and confronted her about it. there's a clear cut difference between wanting to hook up and actually hooking up with someone i have no idea what saba wants to talk about though
User 2: so what happened
User 1: we sorted stuff out - it's all good now
User 2: you deleted this message also you know vidit is not actually bad at you right
User 1: yeah i know happy birthdaayy biatch! hope you have an amazing 20th  party hard, go wilddd
User 2: wish you wetenhere thank you 
User 1: we'll hang out soon  bro do you have my library card? the blue one?
User 2: yes i forgot
User 1: give it to me on monday?
User 2: ha
User 1: yo please don't forget to bring my id tomorrow. need it coz i have to go to the opd tomorrow
User 2: yes
User 1: wya
User 2: i'm going to give the card to arav take it from him after one thousand, two hundred and thirty lecture
User 1: wait where's his class?
User 2: i'll ask him to text you
User 1: i need to meet my cn sir at 12:30 tho and then i have class at one kinda hectic schedule you can't give it?
User 2: i bunked the entire dau
User 1: damn okay bro could you please send lab codes for lab seven - 9?
User 2: algo?
User 1: yes pleaseee thank youuu
User 2: this is the 3rd question of lab nine
User 1: what you guys doing tonight?
User 2: not hanging out with you woohoo
User 1: mean :( i'm so bored man
User 2: have fun
User 2: listen we guys are going to dinner with my parents tomorrow i'll let you know the place dont come thete
User 1: hahahahaha you're so sweet 
User 2: im being serious tho
User 1: yeah i got your message crystal clear won't be there
User 2: one thousand, two hundred and thirty at coast asia
User 1: okiess listen could one of the guys come till block twenty-two with an auto??
User 2: wtf why
User 1: because i can't walk i still use crutches to walk lolz
User 2: talk to them
User 1: wait is diskshita also coming?
User 2: divya will be there
User 1: alrighty is there a lift to get to coast asia tho? or is it only stairs?
User 2: stairs lol
User 1: hmm i won't be able to climb up the stairs. so if you guys are willing to help me out then i'd be able to come :3 bro don't think i'll be able to make it for lunch. there's no way i can climb the stairs
User 2: vidit and all will be there man chill
User 1: ahh okayy could you give me divya's number? i'll ask her if we could go together
User 2: yo dont remember so im asking, how much did you pay for the second round yesterday
User 1: i dunno
User 2: harshit and i did accha i mean if you're not very short on money, can you just tez some to harshit please.
User 1: ohhh okay yeah how much do i owe you guys?
User 2: man i don't know that tbh  just send something lol
User 1: i'll send 200?
User 2: cool
User 1: lol turns out i have less than one hundred in my account. i'll pay him once my dad transfers money
User 2: yeah yeah it's chill
User 1: dude btw i think naman felt bad that we didn't call him to titos i saw him today and i was like "long time no see. haven't seen you in ages." and he was like "yeah you're so busy these days drinking without me" low-key throwing shade lmao
User 2: we don't like him kya bole
User 1: i thought you guys were friends with him when did this happen
User 2: he exists what else
User 1: ah okay so kinda like he's not part of the circle but harshit used to call him to cnm and stuff before
User 2: he is. it's just that when you have good company why to ruin it like we don't mind him there it's just that i toh don't want him around
User 1: makes sense when he said all that to me, i felt like he wanted to come to titos i was so awkward, so didn't say anything. changed the topic lmao
User 1: jenittttt do you have algo lab twelve codes?
User 2: i'll send
User 1: okiee thankss 
User 2: send me the 12th own code pictures again
User 1: where is your notebook cn did you keep it in your cupboard?
User 2: check the left one
User 1: kaay found it thnxxx
User 2: all the best
User 1:  you're wanted to see this right?
User 2: do four five six seven nine then three eight you deleted this message thirteen eleven twelve two one ten with this for sure do
User 1: okayokay so i start with this? and then three eight
User 2: from top to bottom do
User 1: and so on
User 2: ha
User 1: okiesss thank youuu
User 2: all the best lol you gonna need it
User 1: do you recommend slides or book since i literally have 24hrs left hahaha thnx
User 2: my notes for the chapters available and rest slides that's what i did
User 1: thanks mannn oi what scenes
User 2: i'm so high wait i'll text in a bit
User 1: okiess
User 2: try to get beers too plis
User 1: only beer?? you don't want any other booze?
User 2: entry is difficult so like get according to what you want
User 1: hmm okay but you guys won't have anything else other than beer ? and also will the guard not allow us to enter after 10:40 ish? mahima is coming w me btw listen i'll come in the afternoon - the electrician and plumber are coming at 12:30 and then i need to head to big baazar after that i'll come for sure tho xd
User 2: big bazar from where?
User 1: udupi
User 2: to get whag even i have to get stuff
User 1: basic house stuff you wanna come with us?
User 2: have you seen the big bed side mat in my room other than the bathroom mat
User 1: even we need that but yeah i've seen the mat you're talking about
User 2: get one for me if you find it thanks
User 1: okayokay will do i'll send pictures and confirm w you
User 2: thanks if i don't reply just get a non girlish one
User 1: i think you mean the opposite 
User 2: shut up
User 1: like this??
User 2: yess if there's bigger than get that or else this is also fine
User 1: okiess this one is three hundred bucks
User 2: cool
User 1: which colour
User 2: blue
User 1: cool could you tez me me three hundred rn
User 2: i only have cash rn :
User 1: ah okok you guys are at home rn?
User 2: we're sleeping rn
User 1: when should i come stop sleeping so much
User 2: hey talk to arav he wants to go out drinking
User 1: you wanna go out or no
User 2: not me i'll chill with dikshita
User 1: okiesss have fun
User 2: house warming at emerald tonight?
User 1: what time y'all wanna come
User 2: 8ish
User 1: okiess coool also we don't have speakers. so if u want to play music, bring your speakers no?
User 2: okay
User 1: being whatever u wanna drink. i'll be buying booze too who all are coming?
User 2: what's a party where there's no booze waiting  tell me whom should i tell
User 1: who said there won't be booze? i'll buy a bottle for y'all but the more, the merrier xd all of u guys our usual gang
User 2: you call naman and all if you want tell kaustubh too
User 1: okiess could u pleaseeee get coke also?? i forgot to bring it xd
User 2: on our way
User 1: c three hundred and one jenitttt could you send me cd lab two code? and lab one q3? pleaseee
User 2: in a bit
User 1: okiess thank youuu
User 2: do you have cn lab book?
User 1: your notebook? yeah i have it
User 2: lab one
User 1: yes yes, i took both the lab and your notes you need it?
User 2: harsbit has it this sem
User 1: ohokok i'll give it in on monday i took it cos i was gonna do cn lab next sem last during the vacation
User 2: do you need it now? you're done right
User 1: nope, but will need it next sem i'll give it to him tho since i dont need it now
User 2: cook
User 1: btw are you guys not hanging w me cos of vidit?
User 2: no man. it's just that's all of us don't drink much anymore or just get it at home i've told you to chill the f out do that
User 1: haha okay could you please send lab three q6 and lab 4?
User 2: which lab
User 1: cd lab the lab assessment is on lab 1-4 right?
User 2: yes alright ill send email?
User 1: priyankasahoo@hotmail.com thank youu jenittt you sent me pcap codes i wantes cd lab three q6 and lab4 codes bro plsss send them soon
User 2: i did bro oh shit wait
User 1: thanksss yoooo do you have cd lab six codes? dp 
User 2: check your mail
User 1: yesyes, i just received it. thank youu hey what's the scene with your hand now?
User 2: not hurting but the main doctor still hasn't seen it so we don't know if i'm getting a surgery we'll told tomorrow i think
User 1: ahh okay, so you're not admitted at the hospital right?
User 2: yes lol dude what was the insurance scene for your surgery college only does it right? just 25 is the full cost right?
User 1: yuppp i remember my bill came up to like 70k out of which my dad had to pay only 4k
User 2:  cool thanks wednesday surgery
User 1: ahh what time?
User 2: no clue
User 1: you contacted this guy right?
User 2: he didn't answer
User 1: hmm if emerald doesnt work out, why dont you try for royal embassy?
User 2: we went there and got the guys number we'll come tomorrow
User 1: oohh you guys are checking out the apt over there today? i wanna come with u guys :3
User 2: we're in pearl citu they have three bhks
User 1: so u guys gonna take an apt in pearl?
User 2: we really like it
User 1: what about emerald? any flats avaible? available
User 2: none who you planning to live with next sem and where
User 1: mahima and i are staying in emerald only how was sovereign?
User 2: they don't mind mit at all but they have literally nothing family that wants to relocate in the same building also can't do that that's what the manager said so nott we just have to convince harshit
User 1: that's fucked up why cant the landlady provide yall furniture and stuff and what about the flat in emerald? is that still an option or nah
User 2: i meant no empty apartments what so ever
User 1: ohhhh my bad 
User 2: keerti also said no vacancies rip we'll be two mins away from arusha and all going to be too entertaining
User 1: no but didnt u say that kaustubh's friends are vacating next sem? hahaha that's there y'all can have chill and all xd ignore the have wont harshit find it awks to see arusha tho
User 2: yes but kaustubhs isn't being clear about that situation so we're just going to pass on that since it is too late
User 1: makes sense hey could u send me pcap lab nine codes? (if u have them)
User 2: don't have
User 1: ah okayokay when is your surgery??
User 2: tomorrow man
User 1: ohh wasnt it today?
User 2: kmc 
User 1: goddamn tomorrow is holiii
User 2: have bhang and come
User 1: totally  what time is your surgery?
User 2: no clue but mostly morning
User 1: how are you??
User 2: in pain can't text
User 1: will come to see u soon
User 2: what time you want to come
User 1: after lunch?
User 2: spoke to harshit come by 4ish
User 1: okiee
User 2: harshit is saying six now he hasn't started the other subject yet
User 1: okie, i'll come at six i'll come now yeah?
User 2: yes
User 1: alright, omw come down pls hai i need a huge favor
User 2: you ask for something i cant giv ou. even i just made the report barely coded if the teachers find out which they will, we'll get fucked and i have a ten pointer in the group. need to stay in his good books implement lab eight using bison
User 1: hmm okayy
User 2: implement that lab, in which there are four grammars given i heard someone say that they'\ll give like five marks for it or just look for a ready made project online no
User 1: ah yeaah i'm looking for one need to figure smthn out asap
User 2: atb https:github.comg31pranjalerplag-compiler https:github.comgaurang18compiler-project-bits-pilani https:github.comkhursheedali38minicompiler try to get one of these working
User 1: omg thank you so much!! i'll see what i can do with these
User 2: hey how are you doing
User 1: i'm alright wbu
User 2: i meant after last night shit
User 1: they told you? man this is so embarrassing
User 2: sasha told harshit. harshit told me in short i'm sorry you were around such shitheads it's me man relax
User 1: i dont feel like hanging with them ever again
User 2: don't go
User 1: they want me to pay for it but why should i pay when the damage was mostly done by them? like, i literally contributed to the mess by 1
User 2: they puked on the bed as well right?
User 1: yeah jeet walked on the bed with shoes on made the bed very dirty
User 2: harshit was really pissed when he came home just tell me properly who all fucked which part of the room we'll try to intervene if we can
User 1: only priyank and jeet made the mess dude no one did anything everyone else was sitting and chilling priyank smashed the cake on jeet's face so the cake was literally everywhere on the floor, on the walls, on the curtains then jeet walked all over the bed with those dirty shoes on puked in the washroom and on the bed
User 2: sure?
User 1: 100 nobody else even threw cake on jeet besides priyank i was just sitting on one corner of the bed and it happened there was no need to point it out like that i'm not paying for this shiz
User 2: sont exactly this is why he doesn't get girls
User 1: he legit has no shame apparently he told sasha that he'll call me up and tell me to pay
User 2: balls see it's jeets birthday today so i personally don't want to get into it today. but if harshit wakes up and says so what we need to talk this out, then we'll go up today itself if he calls you and tells you to pay, just blast him off don't get pressurized tell him y'all didn't do shit and the bill would be 36k without your presence as well and he should be ashamed because only he fucked up and hang up pretty much what we're gonna sau
User 1: legit but dude, doesnt he have any decency?  i thought i'd just ignore his call
User 2: or this tell sasha to tell priyank then that you're not paying
User 1: yeahh, sasha mentioned that he'll talk to priyank this entire situation is just awks on top of that, how does he expect us to pay for the damage when jeet and priyank made the mess? he was like "i dont think its right for one person to pay the entire due" if the others went crazy and made the mess, then it makes sense
User 2: i'm going to talk to raghav about this too dw i'll leave you out of it you relax now just study
User 1: okayokay thank u so much
User 2: dude did he call you
User 1: nope i paid five hundred for the wine and shisha i had at country inn did y'all talk to him or something
User 2: we want to know if priyank actually told sasha to call you you deleted this message so when he does and pressurizes you then we'll go
User 1: sasha did call me yesterday but he told me to pay for the wine, shisha and the non smoking charges; i told him i'm not paying for the non smoking charges coz its not like i knew they booked a non smoking room
User 2: how much for the smoking
User 1: not sure, but he asked to pay 1k including the non smoking i gave five hundred instead
User 2: i mean all rooms are non smoking but okay 
User 1: in that case why smoke in the room if it's a non smoking room country inn has rooms where u can smoke
User 2: oh idm idk just pay the five hundred
User 1: yupp hanging with them is so annoying
User 2: next time get a spine and don't go. your fault for going how many times you wanna get embarrassed man chill with us instead
User 1: yeah i know, not gonna go
User 2: good
User 1: did i tell u they made us pay 1.4k at the surprise party? good thing u didnt go
User 2: wtf tomorrow hepta okay
User 1: what time??
User 2: how many other plans do you even have 
User 1: mahima and i had planned to go to hashtag let's go to hashtag no?
User 2: hookah and alcohol butt
User 1: hmmm but you cant get too lit at hepta
User 2: okay then we are starting with hepta  if you can't make it then we'll catch up with you at hashtag
User 1: okiee i'll let you know. i'm not sure what my plan is xd
User 2: so i'll see you at hepta when your other plans fail
User 1: let me know what time y'all are going there
User 2: cool
User 1: when are we meeting up?
User 2: deetee come
User 1: you guys didnt go to hepta?
User 2: long story
User 1: arreeee i have to shower couldve told me earlier
User 2: even i'm reaching in a bit other reached a while back tho i'll reach by 8:30
User 1: okok tell me when we meet
User 2: i'm so sorry for tonight
User 1: its alright you had to choose and it makes sense hope y'all make up tonight ;)
User 2: we will  arre it was never about choosing ya don't say like thay
User 1: aww nooo that's not what i meant i meant like u would rather have dikshita stay over at ur place than me xd
User 2: both would have been best fucking pragati the guard said he's going to call the police
User 1: what why???? for what reason????
User 2: yeah so i kinda pushed the guard after he nudged me eh it's fine what did mahima even do 
User 1: i dunno shes avoiding me is it rly serious? how are things bw u and dikshita ?
User 2: you're lucky your lease is till november  it's all sort now in the morning i met the good guard. he's like everything is fine dw. the other is chutiya blah blah. thank god back to normal except her mom knows that i broke her phone 
User 1: ahh thank lord. these guards were being such assholes for no reason :( why u gotta pull such stupid stunts xd also, dont tell arav whatever he said to me not sure if he'll remember it but it might be embarrassing for him did u guys finally do the makeup sex  she got mad at me coz she felt like i was "prioritizing" you guys over her
User 2: probably for the best i guess. man you get hit on so much isn't it like tiring like "ah, this again" moment  so you were right about the steamy part only for yesterday?
User 1: hahaha quite literally  sadly, i dont know how to get out of that situation. i tried asking u for help but u were too busy making out with dikshita ugh i knew it  gg turns out mothafuckin sasha was lying bout me prioritizing yall over mahina mahima didnt have an issue with that at all sasha told her that i had told a lot of intimate details regarding mahima's sex life to you guys and that had pissed her off; so she confronted me about it and she was gonna end the friendship w me. so i called you to make her believe that i'd never do that to her its sorted now tho sasha was just tryna sabotage my friendship
User 2: you should have joined then lol it was the foreplay  i think sasha might have told mahima told harshit awww i got scared when i heard you crying how jobless can someone be man wth
User 1: no thx i'm good, dont want to do a threesome with you two  sasha isn't right in the head awww :') the words she used to end the friendship rly hurt man he has some weird vendetta against me and i dont understand why 
User 2: shish eh duh
User 1: hows it like having the whole house to yourself?
User 2: he's so negative aww against everyone. yesterday in the morning he was at my place studying with harshit and talking bs and because of his noise. i told him to stfu beautifully didn't say shit after that loll, arav and harshit are still here harshit had to miss his flight because they preponed it at the last moment
User 1: hahahah you're so savage  dude delhi is so fucking hot its like 37 here ded
User 2: hahahaha it's not even thirty here but mom said mumbai is too hot man last night here going to be weird going back after so long
User 1: it's probably not as bad as manipal tho? ahaha that's how i feel rn i'm still looking for an internship fml where are you interning?
User 2: mumbainis so boring
User 1: ahhh i was looking for this!! thought i dropped it at deetee 
User 2: my house become and old people place after my sister lefy even i couldn't find one ya one hand really fucked it up damn bad legit everyone is doing
User 1: hahahaha are you calling all your other friends mumbai boring  damn sounds like you really miss your sister but cant you apply for one rn since your hand is doing well now
User 2: no man. like after coming back. home has become pretty boring man ya mam i've applied for a few recently no luck tho just praying inget something dude remember the last day at deetee what was dikshita like with me when we were making you feel uncomfortable
User 1: she was being her usual self with you she didn't seem angry or anything of that sort to me
User 2: horny wise
User 1: oh ye, both of you were damn horny y'all kept making out nonstop
User 2: so she tells me i don't know if purposely to attack or what that she wasn't in love with me and felt nothing and did what she did only because she was drunk
User 1: but how could she just throw away those feelings both of you built over the last two years?
User 2: fucking three she's just hurting me purposely by saying rude things all night
User 1: dont let that get to you and don't beg her to take you back either or else that might push her away actions speak louder than words; show her that you won't do those things again rather than telling her on text
User 2: last night was the pushing away i fucked up last night very bsd manipal is just going to be so bad i can feel it
User 1: ahh you have us so dont stress too much but i feel like you need to give her a little time to heal. she might have a change of heart once she sees you face to face
User 2: i'm counting on literally that and nothing else seeing that me trying to do anything pisses her off you back yeah?
User 1: yesss lmao i just woke up did u go to class?
User 2: i just woke up lolloo
User 1: hahahahaha good stuff  wow all of us were soooo drunk last night
User 2: yesss eh we are 4th years we can do iy
User 1: hahahah theres no doubt about that are u still a little bit tipsy? i feel like i can feel the alcohol in my system
User 2: fuck yess just one of thise days of last sem haha
User 1: hahahahah tru dat gotta make the most of it
User 2: too wet
User 1: i was wondering why u were so wet  you prolly got wet by seeing hot gals
User 2: ishan threw his drink on me in front of you  i truly wish but eh we did such fuck all things with those first years 
User 1: hahahahahaha last night was iconic  but they shouldn't have agreed to hang if they were gonna ditch us anyway btw do u remember where i lost my phone case
User 2: it was just a weird encounter oh shit you didn't find it? i think somewhere between deetee and regak ask harshit to look for it. should find it at his place mostly
User 1: veryyy turns out i lost it somewhere near deetee 
User 2: savita af tbh stupid kids man arghh it's alright now. just get a new one it ain't a successful night until someone loses something
User 1: hahaahha story of our lives 
User 2: you should apply some cream on those rashes
User 1: yeaaah but i dont have any rash cream :
User 2: apply moisturizer no
User 1: you mean like a vaseline moisturizer? that's gonna help?
User 2: yasss. do. i hope it helps
User 1: okiess, i'll try that do you still have my hoop earring?
User 2: hahaha no sorry i don't it's been too long since then how did the doctors visit go
User 1: ah noooo :( the doc said i have superficial fungal infection she gave me a tablet and lotion to apply for two weeks any plans tonight?
User 2: ah good these guys have gone to harshits place i might join in later
User 1: okieee did u go?
User 2: i'm at deetee with the boys it's so fucking crowded
User 1: i'll be going to dt now and then i'll fuck off
User 2: ? still probably very crowded
User 1: as in i'll come over to regal
User 2: coolll did you leave
User 1: yeah, came back asap. passed out immediately.
User 2: nice how's the hangover
User 1: horrible i'm dying i'm trying to drink as much water as possible but it's not helping how about you?
User 2:  same i have placement test tomorrow
User 1: ahh best of luck! how's prep going?
User 2: seeing few things on the net but that's about it ah we'll see how it goes these guys want to drink again today
User 1: kaustubh's last day no? check out geeks for geeks, they have some decent content for placement prep
User 2: yep im just browsing through random shit ontheir site only
User 1: man how are y'all still up for drinking? think about your liver for once
User 2: you don't say i mean i don't exactly wanna go but if these guys are going then eh why not
User 1: that's understandable, it would be fun no matter how fucked up your liver is 
User 1: send lab codes pls pretty pls
User 2: what's your email
User 1: priyankasahoo@hotmail.con .com
User 2: you deleted this message you deleted this message sent
User 1: thnx man ayy congrats for getting shortlisted almost thereeee
User 2: that's what she said
User 1: lmao typical jenit 
User 2: idk what to write man
User 1: use your creativity skillz
User 2: suggest man
User 1: ask vidit he can help you out
User 2: too direct only you will fall for this 
User 1: ewwwww i dont wanna suck a strangers cock
User 2: won't be your first so 
User 1: how would you know that?
User 2: well we both know it so ?
User 1: i have an idea. write "i am a lipstick eraser" as your bio kay tru no ones gonna swipe on u if u dont have a bio
User 2: i'm not like that ya i'm a nice boy 
User 1: totally
User 2: i sense the sarcasm
User 1: at least you're smart enough to figure that out  i'm in your class coz cn was clashing w my seminar
User 2: damn so i gotta see you every week during seminar fuck
User 1: hah sux two b u
User 2: come to harshits place
User 1: i'm too lazyyyy and i'm dead af i literally cancelled on the girls tonight because i don't wanna drink
User 2: well i guess we'll miss you?
User 1: how cute
User 2: come!!! comeeeeeee .??? guess who's just getting back
User 1: damn, long night eh?
User 2: disappointing night i don't even know why pulin was there when we were walking back but eh good break up party i guess also, did i say something stupid last night! ?
User 1: hahahahah yeah that was so random define stupid 
User 2: you tell me :p
User 1: you told me about how you're psychotic and what all you found out about dikshita but yeah, that's about it
User 2: that i was saying even when i was sober although i don't remember telling you  don't tell anyone. and when i tell you, spread it liel wildfire
User 1: ofc i wont tell anyone i ain't gonna spread shiz lmao
User 2: what a waste you are
User 1: wait, i'm confused  you want me to tell people?
User 2: after i tell give you the green light rn it's red fyi
User 1: ah okayy i gotchu have you written the report yet?
User 2: man i'm so fucked i haven't studied or finished the report
User 1: dude same i was sleeping the whole day so much to do 
User 2: did you finally managed to submit ?
User 1: my teacher wasnt in her cabin so i'll give it to her tomorrow but dude i have like thirteen pages in overall i rly hope they dont make an issue out of it
User 2: ah we're too old to give a shit anyway for such stupid thinfs it's fine should be enough and incase they do cause a problem tell them you have signed an nda so you don't have enough content
User 1: awwwwwww it shall happen someday :')
User 2: i'm traumatized by the idea of a relationship now so lol ko thanks green signal
User 1: so how did it go what did she say tell me errrythin
User 2: are you in class?
User 1: yup
User 2: meet me after i'll tell you everything
User 1: sowwy i left cause i had to talk to my faculty about my industrial training shiz
User 2: story for next time
User 1: yess tell me tmrw
User 2: too far
User 1: superhuman lmao it's near ab5, how is that too far
User 2: you said falcon  i'm planning to join arghh need to get placeddd
User 1: i said that by mistake xd did u go for deloitte? yess join
User 2: na i don't want management related shit who did you join with
User 1: dude so many people got placed in deloitte. every single insta story is of someone congratulating someone else for getting into deloitte srilekha, mahima is also gonna join us once her seminar is done do you have lab two codes?
User 2: yeah they are mass recruiters. too many people they take alright i'll join soon! i'll send
User 1: yeahhh, i'm waiting for the day u get placed. much awaited treat xd coolzzz so many people go to superhuman dude priyank  jeet, vishwa are one of the many people whom i recognized lmao thaanksss omgggg so trueeeee
User 2: sorry you missed the break up party 
User 1: again? how many break up parties have you had
User 2: haha those were just normal parties to take my mind off shit i got the booze and weed for this one  expensive days is my watch in there as well? 
User 1: nope dont think u wore one
User 2: counting on it tbh thanks tho
User 1: hahahaha no probs 
User 2: he would have made me sit if i'd come inside
User 1: forgetful child
User 2: that's what she said
User 1: dude nobody left after yall left
User 2:  did any teacher say anything?
User 1: she would've nope
User 2: you always gotta ruin it don't you
User 1: i dont think they're listening to what people are saying
User 2: noice hahahha so many of them so
User 1: i said my shit in like ten seconds
User 2: leaveeee
User 1: mannnn i need someone to walk out w me this is too awks 
User 2: i wouldn't have done it either if it wasn't for anushka ask rudhraksh so rude you were to him shi
User 1: how was i rude :o he was offering to give u your phone
User 2: you legit got away from him 20s after he sat down
User 1: i was like issokay i'll give it haahahhahahah oops you made me leave
User 2: all them guys doing your favors damn i made you come
User 1: i know, i've too many peasants
User 2:  i just had to use it
User 1: that's what she said
User 2: oh is that so hmm don't call us next time from kmc? :)
User 1: yeah you're one of them who said i'll going to kmc ever again im oh shizzzz vishwa and couple guys were about to leave and the old dude got pissed
User 2:  can't wait for you to ask me for a favor. i'll be bringing this up i always get lucky :p
User 1: hahahahah let's see about that  yeah that's why you got heartbroken
User 2: lucky to get rid of a crazy ass bitch who wasted three years of my life but the sex was good so eh kinda compensates for that
User 1: damn you just did a one hundred and eighty hahahah this is too funny  come to hashtag today these guys always drink at regal or deetee lets do something diff for a change have u ever heard subha reddy laugh? most hilarious shit ever  sounds like a horse is neighing
User 2: you do realize that after i found out that she cheated on me i instantly got over her it was scary how how fast i got over her tbh but yeah who knows when will god bless me with some action next. why change urgh. plus hashtag is too lighty can't drink there. it's like socials bars in mumbai. eh who is this
User 1: it's not tbh. it's a dealbreaker for most of us and things like this help us get over people probably never man i'm going there cause the girls wanna go there or else i wouldn't mind drinking at home the old dudr your seminar teacher
User 2: you will prolly never say anything more right than this good1 such is life like always, chill with them and then ditch them and come to wherever we are :p hahahah ill keep that in mind for next week
User 1: i know, i'm v wise whatta losah hmmm let's see how the night goes you guys are drinking at regal today?
User 2: i'm sorry that i'm not a girl because of which no one hits on ne  mostly going to harshits place now medha and anushka both are there
User 1: okiessss
User 2: what's your plan
User 1: most likely going to hashtag and then we'll see where the night takes us komal is staying over w me tonight so i need to give her company, dont think she can come to regal given past circumstances xd
User 2:  why tho
User 1: she randomly took a night out tonight  so she needs a place to crash
User 2: ahh alright let me know we are at froth on top
User 1: come to hashtag
User 2: you come here noii come to the ecstasy bar
User 1: what u guys doin rn wtf happened to your phone my calls ain't going thru
User 2: hello no network in ecstasy
User 1: what u guys doin i'll come?
User 2: we had such a scene arav man him drunk is annoying
User 1: oh fuck are u still there
User 2: i'm at rias place but mostly leaving this place
User 1: where u going after?
User 2: so much bt im still here trying my best to leave
User 1: drag arav w u and leave
User 2: he's in a very comfortable position i can't even joke about this shit i do hope i make it back home
User 1: mannn you gotta force him to come with u how will u go back home now no auto
User 2: okay so too late and ria said sleep in
User 1: yeahhh that's a good option
User 2: im so cross faded hahah you should have met last night man
User 1: you should've come to hashtag it was rly littttt
User 2: so was fot sucks
User 1: but u only get beer at fot
User 2: enoughh also why you up
User 1: hahahah looks like someone just gave up  just got back to my room so that i can sleep i was chilling at srilekha's and then played on the swings for a bit  why you up at such an odd hour
User 2: we're still smoking up lolll just finishing up
User 1: thought u said u were gonna be an occasional smoker this sem 
User 2: yeah well nothing works out the way we imagine anyway
User 1: it can if you put your mind to it
User 2: you fall for it anyway so?
User 1: lmao no i'm giving u tips on how to get girls
User 2: if you don't go for it then it clearly doesn't work right. i need better tips sahoo
User 1: hahah you've got a fair point  are y'all going out tonight?
User 2: we are going to harshits place but mostly going to stay in and do tp. no one has the strength to drink againn
User 1: makes sense what's tp
User 2: beer fifa and then prolly watch the football match or something hanging out like with guys is new for me as well since i'm newly single 
User 1: hahahahahah it wont take that long to get used to it though
User 2: tbh i'm loving this new routine im scared how free i'll become once i get placed bapre
User 1: lmao you'll be on party mode for the entire semester after you get placed
User 2: be there next time maybe?
User 1: sure sure, just let me know when u guys go out next time
User 2: where are youuuu
User 1: i'll come in an hour
User 2: that was an hour ago man don't be a dick ya fucking hell
User 1: not being a dick man i'll be there yall are using me for booze 
User 2: duh?
User 1: wow that hurtz
User 2: come ya
User 1: will do
User 2: text me when you reach bacj
User 1: yesss you guys reached?
User 2: we got a distraction in middle  so we are still looking for one you home? did you ever make it back tho
User 1: yeahyeah, i did
User 2: haha alright hi
User 1: man im so hungover
User 2: i'm at arushas place for eid and these people are already having old monk revati woke up got drunk and slept again 
User 1: oh right, it's her birthday she gonna be drunk the entire day 
User 2: wish her man  i can't drink bro
User 1: you're saying that now but you'll end up drinking anyway
User 2: have some trust in me?
User 1: no
User 2: so not drinking
User 1: hahah let's see how that goes
User 2: biryaniiiii arusha got like three kgs of it
User 1: damn that sounds amaze ballz
User 2: kill me already urghh
User 1: dude this is so boring i cant
User 2: especially this guy jeez
User 1: hahahahahah everyone is so bored
User 2: atleast i dony have to summarize so that's something
User 1: this is so extra
User 2: this guy does this in class as weol
User 1: he's that boring? 
User 2: irritating
User 1: lowkey feel bad for him coz no one's listening
User 2: maybe your next hookup to lighten up a poor boys day  good samaritan
User 1: ewwwww that's disgusting never in a million years man are u guys gonna do smthn tonight
User 2: how's sitting with parv going 
User 1: he's playing a game 
User 2: let's see. i'll hit you up as soon as i find out.
User 1: he told me that you told him that i have a diplomatic passport so random???? good shiz
User 2: we were talking about ifs so how are you so mentally prepared to drink already
User 1: tomorrow is a holidayyyyy that's why i'm prepared we could do shisha also @ hepta they have drinks there
User 2: surprising how all the clubs you want to go to are so close to you hmmmm
User 1: ye becoz i dont wanna spend one hundred bucks on auto
User 2: so all the guys should travel with their respective plus ones to wherever you want us to come. sounds fair unlike youuu
User 1: how rude  we always hang out at regal lez do smthn diff for once
User 2: interesting let's see i'll ask the guys let's see what happens but we'll get drunk for sure haha
User 1: okayokay, lemme know
User 2: where the fuck did you disappear
User 1: had to pee wya
User 2: come to the new gate
User 1: i'm nearby thirty secs
User 2: lol come when are mahima and all leaving for goa
User 1: tomorrow
User 2: booze at your place again
User 1: sure sure we'll need to buy them today then
User 2: oh shit yesss alright alright well do all that
User 1: yessss do not drink those booze tonight okay  whatcha gonna buy
User 2: apparently you get booze tomorrow so it's chill we are right?
User 1: oh lol i thought we all were buying smthn
User 2: man no one from harshits house isnup for a plan try to convince harshit no, i failed
User 1: for tonight?
User 2: yes
User 1: okok trying why wont they go out thougj
User 2: harshit is sleeping he's like i'm too tired and the other guys have the girls over we might drink at pragati only too less of a group to go out
User 1: as in you, vidit and arav? no one else is up for going out? goddamn
User 2: i'm sorry we a sad group
User 1: no man nothing like that u already know whom i cannot stand man let's go to hepta
User 2: you deleted this message it's either me and you or the four of us arav and vidit can't get vidit and tell arav not to come
User 1: hahahah its chill i understand i can maybe tolerate him when hes sober; not when he's drunk still drinking at home?
User 2: everyone prefers home only but we haven't decided so if you decide to come, then we'll leave to get the booze
User 1: wait imma call u becoz i hate texting
User 1: met priyank near emerald; we were making small talk and i asked him if he has any plans for the long weekend. and then he goes like "we might be going somewhere now that jeet has a car but we wont be making plans w harshit and all. done making plans with them" 
User 2: are we done or are they hmm jeet harshit and i had an altercation recently it's was fun
User 1: hahahahahah guess they'll never know  about what?
User 2: again, alcohol was there so don't really remember but u remember it not being cordial or a joke
User 1: lmaoooo at least they know not to call u guys anymore 
User 2: we have been saying no for quite a while so eh. good we didn't go to hepta jeet and gand are there only hahaha
User 1: hahahah dodged a bullet hahaahahahahah i still look cute tho
User 2: i mean it's debatable but eh i'll just agree
User 1: awwww thanks :')) what scenes tonight?
User 2: i just got done with my movie i'm going home now and ask them and let you know
User 1: okok oi what's the plannnnn
User 2: we aren't coming over we had solid covo
User 1: k
User 2: hello okay so last night tempers were very high a lot of shit was going on at my place i'm really sorry for ditching our plan i'll make it up to you sorry what's you do last night then?
User 1: nothing, tried to do some productive stuff
User 2: sorry for letting you do productive stuff. that's not a good friendship
User 1: haha it's chill
User 2: so how's the renewed hangover
User 1: horrible how about you?
User 2: woke up and prolly got the job even tho i tried my best to tank it
User 1: when do the results come out?
User 2: they said they'll email in the eveningn we fucking chilled and drank for seven hours straight 
User 1: ikr, prolly the longest i've chilled with you  time for a treattttt
User 2: so much fun you had f u man i'm not treating for sure if i get placed there
User 1: why notttt
User 2: i don't want this company 
User 1: then why bother giving the ot
User 2: i realised after the ot. like when i got drunk last night i started thinking and spoke to my sister about and all
User 1: yeaahh i remember where did you go after you left tho
User 2: i don't even remember leaving but then i went down and met divya and walked till the auto stand
User 1: hahaha you were that drunk? 
User 2: i didn't eat a single proper meal yesterday okay
User 1: damn you didn't seem drunk 
User 2: man i got fucking placed
User 1: omg thats amazing congrats man
User 2: no man
User 1: but its still amazing!!!!! it's a big thing even tho u dont like the location of the company
User 2: i mean yeah fair enoughb now i don't feel that bad :p they wanted a party tonight i was like i just can't after so much fireball
User 1: the party's on u tomorro2
User 2: urgh yeah i know and i'm dreading
User 1: im excited
User 2: why isn't drinking an every day affair for you
User 1: cause i'm my body is too old for that but i dont mind drinking on special occasions and we gonna celebrate today fosho
User 2: why, isn't drinking an every day affair for you that comma really changes the entire meaning
User 1: lmaoooo it actually does lmao no we talked about this yesterday
User 2: hope so
User 1: yusss good shit
User 2: i have second half anyway so i'm game
User 1: you're gonna start drinking at noon? damn i have my bl classes in the afternoon ugh
User 2: lolll no
User 1: yeah right bruv i cant open the codes u sent me
User 2: 7:30pm deetee placement party.
User 1: coolz
User 2: where you at
User 1: getting ready
User 2: aisho come fast
User 1: yess yess my calls aren't going thru where are u guys
User 2: inside
User 1: where inside
User 2: first left
User 1: okok
User 2: in the first area only
User 1: gotchu will be there in a min
User 2: where the fuck are you with him come back no
User 1: u good?
User 2: yepp we back
User 1: good shiz tonight was gooooz goooood
User 2: sorry if i made you uncomfortable
User 1: its chill; at least i got to talk to u about it
User 2: trueee glad we're clear about that goodnight!
User 1: gnite 
User 2: we cool right?
User 1: ye ye of course
User 2: good. nighttt
User 1: gnite thank u for tonight 
User 2: but honestly i'm sorry if anything was overboard won't be happening next time
User 1: bro do u remember if i had brought my wallet w me back home? i feel like i left it back at dt coz i cant find it fml
User 2: na i think you left it only
User 1: ah fuckkkk, do u know when they're open
User 2: they'll be open now go check
User 1: ye i'm going in a bit
User 2: didn't you take it when you went to get your umbrella back
User 1: nooo dude, i never went back to dt i dont remember where my umbrella went also i was a mess last night i'll tell u a secret when we meet up next time did smthn shameful
User 2: ah not really. the rain running thing is actually something i've been meaning to do this season but it's so cold all the time  tell now thennn tell me on snapchat
User 1: i know, that was so fun no no
User 2: yessssdd
User 1: i'll tell u in person
User 2: can't wait
User 1: hahahaha
User 2: what is this curiosity you're giving and bouncing man
User 1: will tell u once we meet okay
User 2: .
User 1: i told mahima and she disapproves of what i did lolzzz nope i wanna see ur reaction
User 2: did you go with parv last night 
User 1: oh shit he dropped me back home  and then i bounced after he dropped me home hahaha so there was no point of him dropping me are u hungover?
User 2: what happened then?!!!! nopeeee
User 1: how????
User 2: i'm not talking to you till you tell me so well bye till then
User 1: as if that's gonna work lolz
User 2: okay then telll
User 1: lmao u blocked me 
User 2: fuck you. you didn't even text on snapchat or something dick we were going to invite you to silk route but eh fu now
User 1: did u just block my number i'm coming you're a dick
User 2: nooo nope na?
User 1: shut up i'll tell u when we meet at silk route
User 2: our meeting at silk route is conditional. depending on whether i know the secret before it or not
User 1: i'll tell u on the call fucking call me what a bitch
User 2: loved every bit of it
User 1: u told vidit?
User 2: yeppp
User 1: ugh i feel so fucking bad i feel like i'm experiencing ptsd
User 2: ptsd from when 
User 1: from last night coz of what he told me
User 2: need to get my eyebrows fucking done you took too many pictures last night loll send some
User 1: ya u have a unibrow
User 2: shut up
User 1:  we going to silk route?
User 2: two
User 1: coolz text me when y'all are about to reach
User 2: we left
User 1: okie
User 2: we're here
User 1: wya do u have lab four codes?
User 2: https:drive.google.comfolderview?id10xnwvkn4bgfmjlnzrocel7yuoy6mdq8z
User 1: thankss do we have to write both the .aspx and the .aspx.cs files?
User 2: just cs
User 1: okie are u guys going out tonight?
User 2: asking because you're already drunk?
User 1: nopeeee never i truly love hanging w y'all
User 2: that drunk woww nicr it's nine 
User 1: nooo i always love y'all we can still go anywhere pubs close at like twelve
User 2: ew no gorilla
User 1: bye come to emerald we shall drink some more
User 2: but you don't love me so no
User 1: who said
User 2: i'm too blah today. prolly going to ditch you and watch harry potter
User 1: k by e
User 2: you didn't so well
User 1: i appreciate ur existence  thnx for being so nice to m3 k bye since u dont appreciate me enuf
User 2: quite drunk i see good going sahoo how did you know :0. secrets out
User 1: uffff why so mean
User 2: only to blacks
User 1: k .
User 2: are you drinking more ?
User 1: i want to if y'all aren't then i'll hit up the married guy coz that's the only person who wants to hang w me
User 2: your choice
User 1: although that's a decision i just wanna hang man lez go hepta? dt?
User 2: you just want to hang out with us otherwise you know you'll go hook up
User 1: man that's not tru why u gotta say that
User 2: tid tis truuu
User 1: honestly that's not tru i wanna hang w u guys bit yall never want to hang w me unless y'all ask me to hang out u guys k
User 2: see the power always lies the majority right? and off course the whites and the browns
User 1: whatever dont talk to me
User 2: we call you only when we know your presence won't annoy us. because normally it does what did you do finally
User 1: drank beer  old monk alive alone
User 2:  didn't you hit someone up
User 1: guess you'll never know cuz u told me how u felt
User 2: how do i feel, please tell me?
User 1: idk ur always mean to me
User 2: no tell no
User 1: tomorrow
User 2: arghh
User 1: lmao i was hella drunk didnt sleep all nigjt cant function properly also what i meant was u were being soooo mean to me on chat so mean bro i'll tel u about my night too weird
User 2: haha tell
User 1: wya
User 2: on my way to class?
User 1: nvm, was gonna tell u had u reached before eight reached class i'm so embarrassed  i need my phone to be confiscated when i'm drunk and alone fml
User 2: tellllll
User 1: no man i wanna bury myself into oblivion
User 2: how about you just send ss again are you still drunk or what
User 1: no man, i just didnt get any sleep and i feel hungover af so my system is crashing
User 2: but i want to know what happened rude
User 1: i will tell u later you're the rude person tho, u straight up said y'all find me annoying
User 2: tell me when you wake up well what to do im not coming tonight. i'll meet you tomorr
User 1: bruc
User 2: what
User 1: come over pls not to my place but there's some after party pslsssss i want i guys thete i've been calling u and some random dudes are approaching me and daba and hes asking fo my no
User 2: you dont have to explain so much
User 1: can i give u his numbet
User 2: then go home no wtf
User 1: i'm fucimg druner
User 2: give him dome random no
User 1: ill give a guys no the.
User 2: cool call if you need help. im not coming rn
User 1: kay
User 2: night
User 1: k
User 2: noice so do you want to listen to your last night's drunk phone call?
User 1: no pls no omg i didnt realize i was texting u last night my texts are hilarious lmao
User 2: wow thanks and you kept calling too don't forget that
User 1: sorry
User 2: alright
User 1: deetee tonight?
User 2: mostly i'm sure it'll be very crowded
User 1: yeahh end of sessionals post party  i'll see you there then
User 2: come here harshits
User 1: i'll come around 9ish? i need to get ready have dinned dinner
User 2: no no dinner today just carbs through alc
User 1: i'm gonna die if i do that i'll be soooooo shitfaced
User 2: aren't you all the time you go out
User 1: i've had way too many embarassing drunk nights wya
User 2: still here seeing how drunk we are, we are leaving come
User 1: when u guys going to deetee now?
User 2: we're not going to move ir
User 1: why not
User 2: we too high come here we drunk to oo
User 1: are u okay??
User 2: yasss i didn't want to over do it so arav and i left best decision
User 1: ah okay u were missing apparently
User 2: arav and i left directly from harshits place :p
User 1: so harshit called me asking if u were w me lolz
User 2: till what time did y'all drink
User 1: i left long ago
User 2: lol last night's a bit hazy
User 1: i was at harshit's for like twenty mins and then i bounced cause no one was ready to leave
User 2: oh shit yeah i remember you saying okay byee did you go to deetee
User 1: hahahha yeah i did  but it was damn crowded
User 2: well obviously sessionals ended
User 1: dude u were so crossfaded  i died
User 2: tell me
User 1: tell u what
User 2: what did i do 
User 1: not much i wasn't there for too long to witness u do anything crazy but all i do know is you were telling me how crossfaded u were what planzzz
User 2: just woke up gm
User 1: gm to u too
User 2: is your drunk
User 1: i dont think so
User 2: who are you with
User 1: lmao what a joke why u gotta be so mean to me where did u go?
User 2: main road why i didn't do anything
User 1: hahahah u were being a dick to me tho  oi could u pls call me at eight hurry tf up or else this nibba gonna lock the door
User 2: yeah man i'm fucked
User 1: wya?
User 2: kc
User 1: come fasstttt run
User 2: yo how is hepta at night? good enough for my pa4tyy?
User 1: hmm it's not like a dance kinda vibe it's more like a sit and chill and hookah kinda vibe if that's what u want but it's v pretty and aesthetic at night
User 2: he said that they'll play thoda not posh music for us because we'll be drunk and they'll shift all the tables side mai so theres a proper area for dancing
User 1: ah okay, that's great have you tried big shot?
User 2: bro i don't like the vibe fuck bro after looking do much bullshit need i don't feel like throwing a party like now toh i just want to do close people
User 1: then hepta is fine you're doing this tomorrow?
User 2: man i don't feel like throwing a party anymore but yeah whenever it is, tomorrow
User 1: you could do smthn at home i guess? why dont u feel like throwing one though? it's your 21sttt :o
User 2: exactly that was the motive but while going and talking at all these places i am like i'm an introvert there is no reason i should be going through this 
User 1: no man, you have a bunch of friends what are you talking about
User 2: exactly. i was going to call thode dur ke too. seems pointless  i don't give a shit if my 21st is small 
User 1: that's okay it can be a small gathering too
User 2: the thing is if it's outside then it can't be small  so we just gonna drink and see where the night takes us if we go out then i'll call you :p
User 1: okay you don't need to invite me if you dont want to, you know that right
User 2: thanks for clearing it up
User 1: i dunno what happened but i feel like you guys don't like me anymore send pics pls pretty pls didnt we take pics yesterday? u me and arav? thnxxx have a safe journey
User 2: thank youuuu
User 1: pls send pics when are you leaving?
User 2: please dont forget my certificate thingi
User 1: hey sorry i left campus already please remind me tomorrow
User 2: you go back to college if you didn't ask bitch
User 1: i'm here on campus, i went to the dept around 1:50 and it was closed will check again once i'm done w project lab which is around four thirty
User 2: thankyouuuu
User 1: bro i'm not sure if i can collect your report card becoz of authorization that's what the teacher said she was like you have to sign
User 2: just ask them if you can camscan at least or like i can't talk over the phone
User 1: nope, i cant even do that wait lemme ask hod
User 2: let me talk on the phone for this yaaaaa she knows me hopefully she'll allow
User 1: man none of this makes sense hod tells me that she has no idea and that i need to talk to academic section if i can collect for u
User 2: do you know where the thing is?
User 1: trying to find that
User 2: like which teacher is holding the docs
User 1: initially i was told project lab went there and they told me to go to programming lab so going there rn
User 2: thanks man
User 1: i'll have to check tomorrow as the the person in charge of programming lab already left and she's the one who has the docs and stuff
User 2: oh mannn yes it's okay you go back thanks thoo also what project are you planning to do
User 1: still deciding on a topic  probably gonna do it under megamind, not sure where are u interning?
User 2: send thoda properly no. like the top left manipal symbol and shit   quantiphi onky leaving for bangalore tomorrow
User 1: this isn't doable? ohh i thought that was for placement what happened to deakin? i'll have to go to the lab and take a picture again then lmao they didn't give me the grade sheet as i'm not allowed to take it (like i mentioned earlier)
User 2: accha fuck it they offered internship also then they weren't paying so it was too expensive hence the second option
