User 1: what lecture numbers are coming for cn . you deleted this message . se
User 2: we're getting the entire function oriented design chapter . not sure which slides it corresponds to
User 1: accha and where to study this from
User 2: textbook buddy . i think its a separate chapter . ya its chapter six in the textbook
User 1: thanks  ! . admit cards are still to be collected from pg lab right
User 2: ye . pg lab
User 1: thankss . all the best  !
User 2: you too !
User 1: hey when will we get next semester time table
User 2: sometime in the last week of the vacation
User 1: fuck okayy . hey ! . do you know if we can edit or at least view our registration details ? . for the microsoft thing
User 2: what exactly do you mean  ?
User 1: like when we signed up we had to enter our details right, after submitting that, is there any way to view it
User 2: last semester  ? . no i don't think so . why tho  ?
User 1: i don't remember if i selected yes or no for the "have you participated in the hiring process in the last one year"  
User 2: um . write to the email id given
User 1: alright thanks ! . bro i'm trying to sign in
User 2: and  ?
User 1: it's asking for security while signing in . and your number is connected to the account or something right ?
User 2: i didn't get any message
User 1: can you please disable the security measures
User 2: try again . use g-791526 to sign in to c7@gmail .com . never forward this code . did it ask for a code  ? . just got this
User 1: yes thankss . hey . can you send me cd ma'am and eefm sirs email ids
User 1: thanks . do we have eefm ? . hey, do you know about the wipro registration that's going on ?
User 2: give me a second . i just put up the link on the group
User 1: no i had the link . actually my board in 10th wasn't an indian board, so which state should i select for the msrksheet thing
User 2: i'll ask
User 1: thank you
User 2: is there an option for 'other'  ? . the placement sec said he'll ask and tell . but i don't know how long it'll take him . dude i think you can just select the state in which you did your 10th board . regardless of what your board was . okay send an email regarding this query to he said he'll talk to wipro and get back to you directly
User 1: wow . thanks a lot man . like actually, not sarcastic
User 2: aw you're welcome
User 1: do you have access to second year time tables for the year ?
User 2: yo you didn't get an email  ?
User 1: i thought anyone could give it . i didn't register or get shortlisted . no idea when you had to fill the application
User 2:  .
User 1: oh yeah right . well then i didn't get any link . i had submitted with maharashtra state . hey what was the la portion for 2nd sessionals
User 2: la  ?
User 1: oe
User 2: linear transformation (full)
User 1: orthogonal isnt included right
User 2: it wasn't, but they asked a question that involved knowing the concept of it . so i suggest you go through it
User 1: accha thankss . hey, what do we have to with the doent you sent on group regarding getting an internship ? . like there are only email ids present so . ?
User 2: the purpose wasn't made clear to us either . you could try visiting their websites and see if its possible to apply directly for an internship position . there are links to their webpages as well right  ?
User 1: but how is that different than us applying through those websites before ? internshala pure sem kata 
User 2: i think because these specific organizations have signed and mou with aicte, getting an internship with them is easier  ? . internshala is a scam ik xd . an mou
User 1: hope so . if you get any clarification, please forward that too . thankss
User 2: sure
User 1: i registered for the tcs test but since im travelling to manipal on that day, i wont be able to sit for the test . will that be a problem for me ? like for my interviews after 20th .
User 2: i'll find out and get back to you . you're asking if you're going to be allowed to sit for other companies  ? since you'll be missing the tcs test  ?
User 1: thanks a lot
User 2: have you registered for hackwithinfy and not received an email  ?
User 1: i got the email but won't be able to participate
User 2: yeah so, there's no requirement to contact the regional recruiter . if you're still concerned, you can speak to our placement head
User 1: thank you
User 2: hey, can you please upload your yearbook photo on the drive link today  ? it'll hardly take a few minutes, and the edboard really does need the photos asap . thanks !
User 1: hey is there any link where we can update the place where we are doing our 8th sem internship ? the thing we filled in college in the lab, that has the old place where i was supposed to work .
User 2: theres no link, you can directly inform your faculty advisor for 8th sem . shouldn't be a problem
User 1: oh alright thanks
User 2: hey you'd called  ? . i called back but couldn't reach you
User 1: ah no  . was it today morning ?
User 2: yes . never mind its just a number that looks very similar to yours
User 1: oh man someone else also texted me the same thing . sorry idk what happened . can't even see the logs  . sorry ! . you deleted this message
