User 1: go to the annual registration link on the left . tell me if anything opens
User 2: khula . call me on landline
User 1: like are they asking info . you call
User 2: yes
User 1: okay .
User 2: engage kyu aa raha hai tera
User 1: i don't know . just fill and ask me what you don't know
User 2: call kar tu . bohot details hai . roll no
User 1: 160905070 . just check it properly . otherwise leave if it isn't happening
User 2: see the image na . details seem fine to me
User 1: chod
User 2: ya not happening
User 1: stark reunion olena dead . second best episode ever
User 2: you are the biggest ass you know that 
User 1: arya reaches winterfell in epi4
User 2: lanisters vs targayrien  . danaerys uses dragon . happy watching . awesome 
User 1: bro,i'm not lying, i just completed watching it twice . i swear
User 2:  . i thought i'll spoil it for you . badass you are
User 1: bored . i am
User 2: bored  ?
User 1: i'm bored thats why watched it two times
User 2: ohh . how did you like it . 
User 1: if jaime is alive i'll be disappointed with got
User 2: he is gonna be alive . otherwise they might hv burnt him . that would have been amazing 
User 1: he can't be alive
User 2: wanna bet  ?
User 1: i mean i hope he isn't
User 2: ya but i'm sure he is  . cercie akele kya karega . karegi
User 1: man she finishes three of her allies . fucking she deserves
User 2: hahaha yess  . ! finally the targayriens into the battle ground
User 1: get the laptop charger
User 2: ya
User 1: ka hai
User 2: bandra . kyu  ?
User 1: door is open
User 2: cool . keep it open . aati hu thode time mein . you are sleeping  ?
User 1: you deleted this message . yo
User 2: aur hai  ?
User 1: reply
User 2: colours in this  ?
User 1: black is also there . fastt
User 2: wait on a client call
User 1: ok .  ! .  ! . we're in the store waiting . tell
User 2: baiche colour
User 1: get down in 5 . send that pic .
User 2: mom ko fever aaya hai . pls call n talk to her whenever you get time
User 1: yes . dikshita and i completed two years . wish karlo usko haha
User 2: do saal kaha se hue  ! tujhe join karke two years hue hai
User 1: actually september mai hais . 9th . aaj fake wala tha . 
User 2: fake anniversary  kids these days . anyway congratulations 
User 1: we started talking today blah blah
User 2: oohh okay  !  . sexuuyy  . jinkesh ko wish kiya  ?
User 1: yess . he didn't reply tho
User 2: msg kya karta hai . call kar
User 1: he still hasn't replied . busy hoge na
User 2: bahane mat kar . koi busy nai
User 1: don't show to mom because there are cigs and booze in the video
User 2: hahahaha crazzyy . 
User 1: do you know anything about the internship processes that go on in pwc
User 2: for the kind of profile you want i will have to look . whats usually the profile u look for  ?
User 1: noo . mayur is in vjti . and pwc is there rn for interviews . so incase you know anyone that can get his application thoda pushed aage . and mera baad mai karlege
User 2: he already got an interview call  ?
User 1: companies come to the college to interview students and select 3rd years for internships and 4th years for proper placement . toh uske liye
User 2: kaunsa department hah
User 1: engg
User 2: aisa koi dept nai hota i guess
User 1: engineering . technical
User 2: ya got that
User 1: data ysis ke liye
User 2: but i dont think that would be the name . ask your friend
User 1: what's exactly should i ask
User 2: which department did he get a call from
User 1: they are in his college . also . since we got a long weekend because today is off since the ex prime minister passed away . so we made a goa plan  . you deleted this message . anyway can you transfer couple or grand
User 2: dint you inform home  ?
User 1: should i ?
User 2: what are you thinking . of course you should
User 1: haha okay
User 2: mado
User 1:  .  .
User 2: ill check
User 1: my friend got selected in pwc internship toh ab mera karadena please
User 2: cool
User 1: bro paise
User 2: i told u nai haj mere paas . dad se le na
User 1: bro i don't wanna ask from dad cos like i have cash in manipal but didn't get cos friends said that it's a budget vacation . butnidhar aakar relax ho gaye . kucj karo badi behen
User 2: i dont have a card . everything is linked to dad . he will know either way . did you inform home . kaam aata hai toh sab badi behen yaad aati hai
User 1: yes yes . shaddi karke jaa rahi hai na . jinkesh se thodi setting ? 
User 2: no . ask dad . kitne chaiye
User 1: 2-3 at least
User 2: tell your frnds budget vaca hi rakhte hai  . aree bas na . le le dad se . kuch nai bolege
User 1: man i'm taking a proper vacation so might as well do it properly . hotel and all we are booking 1 .6k ka  . three people total . yesterday we slept in a place with no blankets .  . khana peene mai
User 1: juju ko bheja ?
User 2: no
User 1: tu unko bhej . i'll send aadhi . tag team
User 2: ill show him when i meet him
User 1: bhej . peer pressure
User 2: what peer pressure  ?
User 1: i'm the peer  . send
User 2: listen relax . i will
User 1: i'm bhand  . plss
User 2: ok
User 1: love you
User 2: love you too
User 1: sab family importance and all manipal hi samaj mai aaya hai
User 2: glad to hear
User 1: i'm sorry i was so bad for so many years
User 2: voh kaise  ?
User 1: good company tbh
User 2: yayy to your company  !
User 1: drunk i'm . you think i would jinkesh and all  at all if i wasn't mayure . my manipal friends drink and smoke way more than i do but when they are intoxicated, they talk the real life stuff, and thats the only reason i grew . you think i would like  jinkesh and all  at all if i wasn't mature
User 2: cool lets talk tmrw . now you have fun
User 1: nono i'm confessing all this because i'm drunk . so it's true . love y'all . bye . jheal . ghar ho tumlog 
User 1:  . good biceps too 
User 2: hahaha . cocktail mein tere friends ko bulana hai  ?
User 1: when is it
User 2: around christmas eve
User 1: phir ha
User 2: kitne hoge  ?
User 1: do you want me to count the non drinkers too ? . like muslims who mostly will attend but not drink . school wale
User 2: cocktail hai so just call your very close friends . jyada nai
User 1: yeah the school ones only . and few manipal . less than ten
User 2: cool . give me count
User 1: can't say now ya . for now
User 2: cool
User 1: michammi dukkadum:)))
User 2: michhami dukkadam  . kuch kiya aaj  ?
User 1: kyu aise sawal . saatha mai ?
User 2: yoo . delivering luxury from  to 
User 1: what is thia
User 2: read na
User 1: whose is this
User 2: anu
User 1: how is she getting
User 2: sources
User 1: lol
User 2: hahaha . lol . do u even know how to play 
User 1: rukh ja
User 2: dekhte haj
User 1: for the hashtag . 
User 2:  . ass you are 
User 1: can't come up with anything else
User 2: someone called . your wallet is found in av one block . security section
User 1: noice
User 2: send me your amazon prime id and password
User 1: jenitjain100 . dad is making a big deal about the fact that anushi knows about diskhita
User 2: why did you tell she know mad . i told dad that saathmein thi . she might or might not know
User 1: arre he was like mumbai mai kaun kaun tha uske saath .  . fuck
User 2: ok
User 1: such a good watch man . only this i don't like because of the angle . otherwise damn nice
User 2: haha matlab u hv to criticise something  . just the trailer
User 1: more pictures are there ?
User 2: she has sent me just a few . pura badmein degi . with the video
User 1: nice
User 2: send that excel sheet on whats for dinner  ?
User 1: idli
User 2: ok
User 1: 7:30 se kitne baje tak practice hogi
User 2: one hour
User 1: cool . bath  body works opens today @palladium, 21st dec @2 pm . launch offer buy1get1 entire store for first three hours ! come experience america's best fragrances ! tc
User 2: ya i saw
User 1: the only leverage that he has and is using against me is this one time i took special brownies to work because everyone wanted them and only i knew a guy . we consumed it post work and the other co founder was also participating in it . and person who's giving me shit was sad, he was like i wish i was there and blah blah . consumption is legal in india . possession is nit . and i didn't have anything . 320340 . provisional
User 2: provisional matlab  ?
User 1: test ke baad immediately show . actual ones come after two weeks, they normalise everyone's result and accordingly
User 2: acha . three hundred and twenty is great yaar  ! 
User 1: yas
User 2: calls for celebrations 
User 1: im planning europe mostly so let's see
User 2: so are these marks sufficient for that
User 1: europe mai only france and germany have gre . i sent those colleges my marks . but baki sab ke liye you have to give toefl . it's easier than gre so it's fine
User 2: okay . tell me about the dinner plan in half an hour
User 1: nahi hoga i told mom to tell you
User 2: wooho . thanks for staying
User 1: happy new year
User 2: happy new year  !
User 1: i have balance sheets and all . withdraw money and stuff
User 2:  ?
User 1: accounts mai jo hota hai woh
User 2: what about it but  ?
User 1: is it easy
User 2: yes
User 1: season eight ki clip delhi ? . dekhi
User 2: yo 
User 1: listen . and download rk wealth app and browse through jt . and tell dad to download it too .
User 2: since when have you started studying finance
User 1: whatever i sent it extra . other things are there in syllabus
User 2: woho . okay
User 1: free ?
User 2: yes
User 1: busy as raha hai phone . do you know about debt funds
User 2: a bit  ! . from what perspective
User 1: investment wise
User 2: not from a finance side
User 1: then what ? . like indexation and all you know ?
User 2: u need to ask me specific questions re . yes indexation for capital gains i know
User 1: so like you know how it's better than fd and savings right ? . toh like aapna hai kya investment usme i just want to know
User 2: its case specific . i dont think we make investments in securities
User 1: yeah i know we invest in our business only and get a return on that
User 2: yup
User 1: but like do you know if it's better than securities and a rated companies
User 2: not really how to yse it . it depends on the current market rate of interest
User 1: debt funds ka it's 7 .5 . but then the better thing is that you don't have to pay taxes on the interest until you make it liquidn . apne company mai toh interest par bhi karte hai na
User 2: yes we give loans
User 1: matlab ? . bhejna . most of it is black . but idm
User 2: its not black . its dark brown
User 1: this . or this
User 2: cool
User 1: what time cousins practice
User 2: 8 . nirali is coming on thursday .4-8 will be for aashi and you
User 1: co . who all came . cousins mai
User 2: no one
User 1: shoumik dasgupta . partners nsme
User 2:  ?
User 1: pwc . one my friend will work under
User 2: ok
User 1: send good pictures toh
User 2: sab camera mein hai
User 1: how was it . picture bhi nahi bheja . isse zyada pics toh maine wedding ke two days mai liye the . and wedding videos and pics ?
User 2: all pictures in camera . phone mein lene hai . ill send asap . raw hard drive bheja hai
User 1: upload kar . mera toh insta sort . upload on google drive na
User 2: hahahaha . edited pictures nai aye hai . these are raw  .ive sent u a few . i love this one  .wish it would have been more clear
User 1: ha . bhejde sare
User 2: aree bohot jyada hai . hard drive mein diya hai voh log ke
User 1: mere toh bhej
User 2: ill send u some more from other events . ya . aashi ne bheje hai  ?
User 1: nope
User 2: okay
User 1: sulkashana mo ga texted you ?
User 2: no why
User 1: arre i told them to post a pic on their story . they asked for your insta id too . tu bhej . 75k people will see your beauty lol
User 2: tu hi bhej de
User 1: i sent it from alibaug
User 2: me suddenly texting would be weird . lol . send me the picture
User 1: dress baap ne dress kharidi hai chill 
User 2: bhej mujhe . which is that game that alexa makes you play  ?
User 1: check on the app . there are many . did you ask at pwc
User 2: leave pe hu . join karke
User 1: oh i thought you were back . man you have embarrassed me enougj . sala sab pictures dekhar bolte bai your sister is so pretty what happened to you
User 2: lol hota hai 
User 1: pictures bhej yaar
User 2: lol . aaj shaam ko . true  . what did u reply  ?
User 1: i want to send auschwitz  working with you . bheju  ?
User 2: mat kar abhi . jane de . aur kuch problem karega
User 1: sharam hi nahi hai usko
User 2: i swear . hahaha wow i . pls change your fb caption
User 1:  . nikal diya
User 2: cool 
User 1: dikshita is knitting a scarf for me haha
User 2: lol you guys have already started acting like old couples
User 1:  . bhai picture bhej de 
User 2: sorry re . ive saved . ill send . msg me tonight
User 1: cool . send pixs . pwc mai puchna woh partner ka department . or get an email where i can send my application
User 2: haan
User 1: season eight trailer is out . watch it . too intense
User 2: saw 
User 1: called you in the morning . broke two bones . rip this sem lol
User 2: bapre . call back . send me your cv . and call when free need to understand your role
User 1: data science data ytics artificial intelligence machine learning . 4-9 years experience
User 2: ya this is something i need to confirm . but key skills  ?
User 1: this only
User 2: and ask your friend at what level he is  ? . why dont you ask your friend only to send the cv to his manager . chances will be much better
User 1: but you are a permanent employee . your referral be better na . can't you send hope manager the email
User 2: but i am not from that department . hope  ?
User 1: the . he doesn't even have the email id
User 2: no  .he doesnt know me
User 1: they haven't been given any information
User 2: huh  ? . call
User 1: but you can include your identification in the email na . like employee id . in the hospital
User 2: aree it doesnt work like this here . i am telling u this bcuz im not understanding the exact department you want to be in . we have department names and its difficult for me to know what would be the name of your department
User 1: okay . ask engineering mai all the depts then i'll tell you . my friend also doesn't know anything
User 2: no one here would know  ! this is a separate office . how can he not know where he is working
User 1: summer intern . they haven't been briefed
User 2: but usne apply kiya hoga toh koi department dalla hoga na
User 1: the company went to his college for the recruitment
User 2: ok . u wished mom  ?
User 1: yas
User 2: cool . kya hua tere reports ka  ?
User 1: doctor wasn't there so just got the reports
User 2: ok . send it to mom
User 1: sent to riti and dad
User 2: cool . kya hai yeh
User 1: you didn't see infinity war ?
User 2: nah
User 1: bapre
User 1: show jiju
User 2: lol he understood
User 1: videos ?
User 2: nai aaye
User 1: when parents send gucci and all for dikshita you're supposed to say no
User 2: what gucci  ? . she only got a dress na
User 1: gucci perfume . last time she got versace . doesn't look nice ya so much
User 2: aree i did not know about the perfume . she only showed me the dress . ill tell them
User 1: please
User 2: yo
User 1: mardo sab
User 2: lol
User 1: you're watching it tomorrow morning right
User 2: yes before u give me any spoilers
User 2: wbu  ?
User 1: obviously . jon rode the dragon . bahut zyada reunions . jaime and bran
User 2: i saw  ! 
User 1: too goodf . bran is so creepy loll
User 2: hahaha so true  ! he just kept staring everyone the entire episode . omg horrible . removing it today  ?
User 1: yes everything coming off today
User 2: coolio . hurting  ?
User 1: nope . that will start when they start pulling without anaesthesia
User 2: they will do it without anesthesia .  ?
User 1: yeah man
User 2: okay  . did it go well  ?
User 1: yes lol . will go home in a bit
User 2: coolio
User 1: i'm home
User 2: when would u able to start writing
User 1: they said you should be able to be able to do most of the things on three days otherwise not good . writing handwriting welle take time . so i'll keep practicing
User 2: they might have given you exercises also
User 1: yepp
User 2: cool
User 1: right hand feels good
User 2: im sure  .what a relief this could be  !
User 1: sun . i need you to teach me eco related maths . you might have studied it in accounts . ratio ysis . current ratio  current assets  current liabilities and etc . please also mention which table to get it frmo . watch it now if you don't wanna wake up early
User 2: its not opening
User 1: try on android phone
User 2: its not opening in jinks too . yours opened  ?
User 1: yes . try on laptop lol . got so8 e02 leaked exclusive full episode . too litt . thank you 
User 2: the episode  ? . anytime 
User 1: yes
User 2: kitne minute ka hai  ?
User 1: fifty-eight
User 2: cool . solve kiya  ?
User 1: no send solution
User 2: tu chalu toh kar
User 1: can't man
User 2: and then what you dont understand puch
User 1: send full . what to include and what not to
User 2: the first additional says 2002 . whereas the question is of 2017 . typo hai kuch  ?
User 1: don't know . you deleted this message . over here it's not mentioned that it is nominal so we just use 12 only right
User 2: what is nominal  ?
User 1: like if it is 2 per month then 24 nominal compunded pet month
User 2: okay . its 12 with compounding
User 1: so when you take total payment period n 24 in those formulae you use interest as 1 which is the effective interest right
User 2: yes one per month
User 1: how is cl six thousand
User 2: the stock in balance sheet is always the cl stock
User 1: arre don't you have to get this from the lhs
User 2: lhs are liabilities . stock is an asset which will be on rhs
User 1: cl is current liabilities only na
User 2: oh that you are asking . see na ive written the break up of cl . how the fig is arrived
User 1: accha got it thanks . in long term debt why didn't you take preference capital . in shareholders equity
User 2: it ideally should include only equity . but in some cases pref shares are also taken  ! . it depends what is the right thing for your professors
User 1: okay . then in interest coverage, why are you adding interest of a mortgage . shouldn't you add interest on investments . what does bills receivables mean
User 2: its like debtors only
User 1: and payable ? . is like creditors
User 2: its like a instrument like a paper which states that so and so money is to be receivable by you . yes
User 1: accha samjha . in this cost of goods will be cash purchases ?
User 2: no . see the formular in the sheet i had sent u yest
User 1: arre but i'm not understanding what is given dnand what's not . what do those statements under the table mean . like purchase returns . sales returns and all . cost of buildings will be included in inbentories ? . and what about in average inventory
User 2: its basically additional information given over and above the table to help you calculate the ratios . no its a fixed asset . this i explained you na  ! this basically reduces your purchase exp in the trading ac
User 1: yeah yeah this was before i caled
User 2: oh cool . today is your exam  ?
User 1: yes loll
User 2: cool hogaya  . dad is down with fever . just talk to him
User 1: yes . mom and dad are not answering . should i ask parents for a dubai trip for me . like i'll stay and my friends place and all
User 2: when do you want to go  ?
User 1: 3rd june
User 2: what about your internship ?
User 1: i can't find one yaar . i'm planning yo do stuff myself only . can't waste vacations
User 2: okay . ! . dekh le manage hota hai kuch toh voh kar . otherwise there is no issue gng . you can ask them
User 1: exactly if i get an internship . i'm planning to buy refundable only . noice
User 2: acha cool
User 1: did you see it
User 2: saw it now  !  . omg  !
User 1: bapre . but ten year build shouldn't have ended like this man
User 2: ya thoda dikha dete
User 1: bhai . need money  . don't want to ask dad . also not going for dubai . many people owe me money . people owe me 7k total . but end of semester so no one can repay
User 2: ull have to ask dad only
User 1: arre please try and send no . don't have money for food also
User 2: jenit how should i send yaar . ive told you i dont control the accounts
User 1: google pay
User 2: dad will know either way if i send u . just ask him
User 1: arre he won't say no but i don't like to ask extra
User 2: i dont use .and if i tell jinks it will look bad
User 1: husband hai .  . i get it obviously
User 2: take less the next time . aree bad as in you are asking from me and not dad
User 1: because there is no excuse for asking . but this guy will pay my future bills that i would have had to send through google pay . so might as well spend black than white
User 2: jen just ask dad . cant help you out with this one  ! sorry  !
User 1: chal juggad karta hu . last option
User 2: are dad ko puch . kuch nai bolege . n dont lend so much money . now u r struggling
User 1: he's my roommate and going to be next year as well and since coming to manipal i don't think i've withdrawn more than 20k . so i really want to spend cash . par theek hai
User 2: btw y no dubai  ?
User 1: we may go for a trip after graduation next year so don't want to feel guilty about asking againn . and monil is going abroad for masters so one indian trip with school peopel
User 2: oh ok cool . cant hear you properly . call me when you have proper network
User 1: today i just watched tv . didn't even move from my s . feeling very paranoid about the vacations . most of my friends got good jobs ya . tomorrow i'll sit and figure out how to not waste the vacations . and i'll talk to aman bhaiya if he can get something
User 2: yeah cool  . ! rest for now  . ill come home tmrw
User 1: night no
User 2: yes
User 1: i got 8 .67 lol . cgpa
User 2: its good right  ?
User 1: average . as long as 8 .5 . so chill hai
User 2: are nice  . no i dont . copy it on some pen drive and then delete
User 1: i'll email you
User 2: cool . free tmrw  ? . come for dinner here
User 1: tonight ?
User 2: tomorrow
User 1: tomorrow i'm going to friends place for internship work so won't get done by dinner
User 2: try na
User 1: what time
User 2: eight
User 1: won't be possible sorry
User 2: ok
User 1: when are you coming tomorrow
User 2: post lunch
User 1: are we going out for dinner ?
User 2: tmrw  ?
User 1: yes
User 2: we can . i dont mind
User 1: bolde sabko
User 2: inke side se dad and aashi nai hogi . dad is travelling and aashi ki exam hai . if u want five of us can go
User 1: arre toh chod we'll go later before my vacations end . because while j was sleeping ek aur plan bangaya tha for dinner
User 2: okay . did u complain in uber  ?
User 1: where to buy formals for girls ?
User 2: wedding trailer first cut . need to talk to you  .call me  !
User 1: she said you understanding and changing yourself for me wont make a difference since i need some time for myself .
User 2: give her sometime then . tell her she can take all the time she wants
User 1: and after going to manipal what am i supposed to do
User 2: she will talk to you when she is ready
User 1: oaky . i'm home
User 2: cool . will come in sometime
User 1: fix karliya dikshita ne that we will never be together . toh ab move on karunga . no other option . are you watching marvelous mrs maisel ?
User 2: nah . its good  ? . uska season two bhi nikal gaya hai na
User 1: yes . what i wanted to know was who tf is using my amazon prime
User 2: hahaha .  . not me  !
User 1: this year old meme is finally funny 
User 2:  . how are you handling things  ?
User 1: i'm getting good support from friends . since it's the start of the sem (and obviously not on the placements ) we've been drinking and chilling ! . so it's fun . one company, i qualified twice to a good level during the entrance rounds but got out before the hr interview . agar milta woh wala toh 24 .5l ctc . lol . more than you :p . this first salary thing is a competition with you that i wanna win
User 2: hahaha . so the interviews are still on  ? . great  ! . itna milta hai tum log ko  ?
User 1: yes ongoing like every week there's something or the other . this is the highest . but normally 10 toh hota hi hai . nahi toh i don't sign up for it lol
User 2: if you dont sign up kya karega . kidar toh karna padega na
User 1: for few companies only . mil jayega no worries
User 2: coolio . off today  ?
User 1: had classes in the morning and then at 1pm
User 2: ohh okay
User 1: i have so much gossip for you . loll . which makes me say . lol thank god dikshita left who needs such low life shits in my life .
User 2: jenit relax . she has her reasons . you did wrong too . so no need to bad mouth her
User 1: bro when i'll tell you you'll also be like wtf
User 2: ohh  did she cheat on you  ? is she with that other guy  ?
User 1: you should be happy . what i found out just made moving on too easy . yeah her ex . who her door ka cousin . like how archie richie are for us, same relation . 
User 2: what a bitch  . good you dodged a bullet
User 1: tell me how to take revenge . it should be severe enough but it should also keep in consideration that shes a girl . and girl image is necessary
User 2: jenit you will do nothing . no revenge no bad feelings . just be happy that now you are in a good space . she will get what she derserves . karma has its way and it will bite her hard if she is wrong . you will do nothing . for the sake of past years . promise me
User 1: you know i'm psychotic enough thats why i'm asking you for the appropriate revenge . obviously i don't want to degrade her image
User 2: thats what this time pls dont be you . listen to me for once
User 1: but something that makes her feel as shit as she made me feel
User 2: just this one time
User 1: i can't promise anything
User 2: dont feel like shit  ! you should be happy that you are clean
User 1: i'll let you know what i do :p . true . and i am
User 2: dont talk to me if you do anything as such . and i mean it . be good do good inspire of the fact however anyone is
User 1: okay but atleast i want her to know that i know . and then i can stop talking to her
User 2: are you still talking to her  ? . n how do you know she cheated . be sure before doing or telling anything
User 1: matlab she wants to be friends . fucker . so yeah i'm keeping facade so that i can tell her that i know and then not talk to ger
User 2: you might be just thinking crazy as far as i know you
User 1: yeah so . don't shout . you'll be mad . and sorry
User 2: im not shouting . just telling you . sorry for  ?
User 1: so i logged onto her insta and read the chat 
User 2: and  ?
User 1: and that's fucked up . i read her chats with her ex . from her account . that's not cool at all . identity theft hai
User 2: n chats have something which makes her cheat on you  ?
User 1: they spoke about whatever they did on the chats
User 2: okay . you tell her she did wrong . just tell her . go with dignity so that she realises what a good guy she has lost
User 1: i can't confess that i logged onto her insta
User 2: if you do anything bad then she will think the same that you are thinking right now . leave her with dignity . just tell her that you know she is back with her ex . you need not explain how and when . just tell her you know and this ends here
User 1: arre but she'll ask . and create a scene . or ask her friends to ask me how i know
User 2: tell her you need not explain after what she has done . dont you want her out right away . why are you thinking so much
User 1: because i reallyg want to make her feel shit have my small nice revenge and move on happily . boltoh . see we're drunk rn so we'll brainstorm but if nothing that i agree to happens then i'll do this . i'm happy that even if it took twenty years for us to share stuff finally hogaya .  . ily . that's drunk me talking lol . but you understand what i'm saying
User 2: i want you to say this when you are sober 
User 1: just tell what you have to because rn i'm not sad at all . i'm just vengeful . so in some way it's better
User 2: vengeful is even worse
User 1: but i don't want to let this slide . so yesterday was fun . i called her bs out and she denied it obviously . she didn't even tell her best friend in manipal everything . guess everyone was very surprised yesterday . and plus she is pretty disturbed in the head . and also she doesn't know that i logged onto her insta . so it's perfect . i'm finally happy happy . she found out that i logged onto her insta tho . pray that i don't land up in jail for cyber crime 
User 2: that just forget this chapter and move on  ! . now
User 1: yep trust me thats the plan . last semester hai idhar . dont need no negativity anywats
User 2: exactly . study hard and get a kick ass job .nothing else matters
User 1:  . bolde
User 2: aree nai ek fwd tha . lalita dagliya
User 1: whose is it
User 2: then i was like not useful for you  . lalita bhua
User 1: lol nevermind
User 1: what is this
User 2: edited pics
User 1: download he nahi honraha
User 2: see it on a laptop
User 1: it's jijus birthday right
User 2: yes
User 1: happy raksha bandhan
User 2: aw happy raksha bandhan baby bro 
User 1: that's gulab jamun 
User 2: ohh dint even notice  !  . do you have our childhood pictures  ?
User 1: i'll look fornit
User 2: ya . 
User 1: my roommate is hooking up with a dentist . so naturally i went and showed her my tooth x-ray for a free checkup 
User 2: n hows your tooth 
User 1: needs cleaning and cavity filling 
User 2: get that done too
User 1: don't sleep till i text you but i will text you tonight that's for sure . the thing is i really want to stay in mumbai for next sem because so many functions . and i have had missed too many fucking functions . i love my family . but this company is for plavememts . meaning only after btech (after may) . and i can't stay after btech in mumbai
User 2: i think you should focus on quality of job for internship and after btech and not the location . you can take a few days leave for function
User 1: i need you stay it aloud because money is also a big thing . i can get a ctc of 30l in bangalore
User 2: dont think about money because  this is only for a year at max and then you will go for further studies . a good relevant job will help you get a good college
User 1: thank you i love you . i'll let you know what i do . sleep now . gn  . i love you jheal
User 2: love you too jenu . take care  . good night
User 1: i'm drunk fyi . 
User 2: i know 
User 1: chal soja
User 2: yes . you too sleep . all the best 
User 1: thanks i love you again
User 2: love you too 
User 1: deciding to tank the interviews m . can't sell myself for this cheap
User 2: think otherwise directly going to study is also a good option
User 1: yes but it's kinda late for that since applications have already started . and i haven't started anything for those procedures . i want to want to get work exp
User 2: so then go for the interview . why are you getting so confused . decide one thing and then work on it
User 1: job par work kar hi raha hu . but not this company . i had a video call interview and i acted so dyslexic 
User 2: lol
User 1: man this company is such a joke . i don't even want it and i tried to tank it but still hr round happened and kinda went well . like they didn't ask proper questions fuckk . so irritating . called by mistake
User 2: thik hai na if you dont want you have an option right
User 1: but then i can't sit for placement for other companies ! . like if you get an offer you're out of the process
User 2: ohh aisa
User 1: one company is coming with 30l ctc !
User 2: n good work  ?
User 1: they weren't clear about that but i have the prerequisites
User 2: okay . your call .
User 1: so one of my friends wants an 8th job internship followed by full time work as a business yst at pwc . do you know who to contact
User 2: 8th job  ?
User 1: 8th semester job
User 2: whats the department hes looking for . business yst is no such thing
User 1: arre your seniors have no connection to the tech dept kya ? like the other offices of owc . pwc
User 2: we dont deal with them so no . n i told u there is no internship in that dept
User 1: full time also . but cooll okay thankss
User 2: aashi cleared her final year
User 1: i'll text after my exam
User 2: yes
User 1: i texted
User 2: cools
User 1: you deleted this message . you deleted this message
User 2:  ? ?
User 1: so that didn't go as bad as i thought it would be
User 2: what was the purpose  ?
User 1: to ask him for more money because i want to throw a proper party . with alcohol
User 2: ok
User 1: should have told him no ?
User 2: and now that he has told you no
User 1: then ?
User 1: saw already
User 2: cool
User 1: are you sending me lindt for birthday
User 2: who told you 
User 1: mom sent the picture by mistake  . chote bhai ka 21st dekhle kya bhejna hai
User 2: hahaha  ! . kya chaiye bol
User 1: malibu -1 . any or all are fine . ignore the call . 
User 1: it's my 21st and i also got placed 
User 2: you either way drink a lot  ! i dont want to contribute more to that . so no thanks
User 1: noo . i actually don't . i just want expensive booze for the bois and me . i'm asking dad money for all the other friends . too many i made this sem lol . i've been chilling mast  hehe . you'll be contributing to good memories . last semester also no . phir kya pata kab miluga inko . awaiting your response :p
User 2: asking money for other friends as in  ? . its his hard earned  ! tere friends ke mazze ke liye nai . sometimes i really dont understand your definition of things . to make memories to need good friends and not booze . im not saying dont have fun  ! but limit mein and i know you are way out of your limit .
User 1: like jo proper party hai uske liye . arre relax i'm not out of limit . and i know that . but i never throw big parties so i want to this time
User 2: okay
User 1: guess the song
User 2: pata nai . what is it  ?
User 1: rains of castamere
User 2: o yeah . are you playing  ?
User 1: haa
User 2: woohoo when did you learn
User 1: this week only . roommates have guitars
User 2: o naice . call back
User 1: in class
User 2: ok call when you are done
User 1: i'm back home but i'm pretty hungover so i'm going to sleep for a bit . where are you and jiju
User 2: weve come to pench in madhya pranesh . its a tiger reserve
User 1: o . safari type ?
User 2: yus
User 1: damn see a trip like this as a gift wouldnt be so bad :p . you enjoy . i'll call after waking up :
User 2: hahah you tell me where you want to go . ill sponsored . yo cool
User 1: sonal jain is our masi or didi . oh you be ready i'm taking you up on this offer 
User 2: done . masi
User 1: acha okay . farewell video from last night
User 2: are you smoking
User 1: photographer ne bola donut for the picture . do it  . because last sem bhi hai
User 1: cv bhej
User 2: ya
User 1: sendd no 
User 2: send me your email id
User 1: loved how you called her cringy . really one of the highlights of the day
User 2: fact  . 
User 1: happy diwali behena 
User 2: happy diwali 
User 1: had interview with the japanese dude todau
User 2: kaisa gaya  ?
User 1: thoda lost in accent tha . but otherwise good
User 2: chalo good . keep me updated
User 1: dude one girl from hr looks exactly how you imagine an anime type real looking girl looks soon . looks like
User 2: hahah
User 1: you awake ?
User 2: yes
User 1: sup . wanna know about my day ? 
User 2: yes
User 1: don't tell parents tho
User 2: cool . what did you do again 
User 1: man i was coming home on a two wheeler and auto rammed into me . i didn't fall because i wasn't fast . like i just stopped stationary . index finger came between brake and auto ki body . i thought i was fine so side mai restaurant tha people helped me by giving ice . but since i was in shock, when i applied ice i just blacked out . like i woke 10s on the floor . one stitch mili . i was supposed to get two but the fucking intern literally lost my skin . like she ripped it apart with her needle . fyi this was directly after my exam so i can assure you i was sober . eh entertaining day
User 2: blacked out  . n you were alone or was there someone with you  ?
User 1: arre shock mai i got cold na . so that biologically always happens
User 2: ohh ok
User 1: my classmate was coincidentally there toh she took me to the hospital then roommates came
User 2: ok  . you seriously are one tragedy 
User 1: theek hai ab matlab aadat si hai . like i was thoda low in the hospital . nikal ke i was like ab toh har roz ka hai
User 2: lol  .its ok it happens  ! nothing to be low . par thoda aur dhyan se chala
User 1: dhyan see chalaya isliye sirf itna hua . my daily sugarcane juice wale uncle is like auto driver ka kya karna hai  . because it happened in front of him
User 2: oh ok
User 1: hello . finally at least ek confirm internship mili . dikat hai . there is no salary . and it's in melbourne
User 2: oh thats good . but why no salary  ?
User 1: it's a research thing . like i'll be working in deakin university
User 2: ohh nice . the work is good  ? . and what are you thinking . ?
User 1: it's research no . toh ek paper agar publish hogaya you masters me liye mast . and the job after that is also in the same field . i'm too hyped for it except the money oart . we still haven't gotten all the info so let's wait for that
User 2: oh ok
User 1: wait i'm reading about it
User 2: ok
User 1: accha sun
User 2: haan bol
User 1: nothing this is a different topic . i have a three day holiday from exams . so i'm thoda tipsy  . have you  ? like in amsterdam or somewhere ?
User 2: acha . haan one night we did
User 1: one are you sure 
User 2: yes
User 1: which sangeet group is that man
User 2: cousins ka
User 1: i won't be in mumbai na
User 2: are haan . bol de usko personal chat mein . internship ka kuch hua  ?
User 1: leave all that . i'll let you know . important discussion . i kinda fucked up . majorily
User 2: kya kiya  ?
User 1: so i bought 1g of strains when i came to mumbai with school people . legit a tiny bit was left so i just shoved in really inside my wallet and hid it pretty well . like you can't find it without actually looking for it . so i was talking on the phone today and she had it in her hand and she was like what is this and she said it smells weird also blah blah . i tried to take it from her to throw it but she said she'll throw it . so she'll mostly show it to dad too tonight . so yeah i kinda left the house
User 2: what the hell os wrong with you . why do you have it in the first place . are you fuckinng crazy . can you for once in life be sober . and not be attached to such stuff . i really am so disappointed in you
User 1: i have been for the longest time .
User 2: you drink and smoke all the time . thats what you do
User 1: manipal mai all this isnt there so i wanted to try after a long time  . i don't drink also itna anymore 
User 2: what its not there . you are high all the time . and you msg me only when you are high . not otherwise . and i honestly dont know whats real
User 1: wtf . i don't !
User 2: its just the drunk you talking to me . who are you kidding
User 1: well i'm sober now can you please tell me what to do . don't talk to me like that please i'm not that gone case  . i swear to god jheal
User 2: there is nothing you can do now
User 1: i swear . dad will know na ?
User 2: why would you get that home  ?
User 1: arre it was just a small piece so i kept it very inside my wallet . which was in the cupboard
User 2: mil gaya na abhi
User 2: will u stop using it . u know how bad it is . n you are addicted . or before u get addicted
User 1: jheal addicts ko acche marks and naukri nahi milti hai
User 2: aree yaar u know what i am trying to say . week mein ek baar leta hai  ?
User 1: i swear it everything i do has not affected anything else in my life . even health . yeah okay this is true
User 2: i need not say anything else
User 1: what should i do with mom and dad
User 2: dont lie
User 1: even i was thinking that . but then any fuck up i do in the future sober also they'll say it's because of this . jheal your brother is not an addict or a smoker or an alcoholic and i need you to know that
User 2: ok i need to know that bcuz im not there with you and im just worried . i trust you . can u stop using it
User 1: i'd share all the troubles with you including relationship . off course yeh bolta if it was an issue . i do it only socially . you think i smoke alone in a room  . but yeah i'll decrease it . i'm glad manipal is over for this tbh
User 2: your socially is way too much
User 1: that's why i'm glad i'm outta that city .
User 2: ok decrease considerably . such that there is none found in your wallet in future 
User 1: that's the plan i swear . that's why i wanna go to bangalore . thoda fresh start milega . never 
User 2: dont start there as well . please
User 1: so they are turning a blind eye on it . i think i'm safe .
User 2: ok
User 1: jheal . reply asap . no trouble i have some exciting news . youll diee
User 2: bolo . kya hai  ! 
User 1: so j told you right that mom didn't throw my 
User 2: yeah
User 1: guess who was high in the afternoon . mom . i could smell it on her . and then i sneakily checked . only half is left .
User 2: stop talking shit
User 1: i'm kinda 100 sure .
User 2: jenit just shut up . fuck off its not funny ok . you are really fucked up
User 1: man you're such a buzzkill . i'm telling you the truth . i don't have time for bullshit . i'm not that free in life . i thought you should know what your mom is doing as well . fuck you man . why will i talk about my mother like this . are you fucking stupid . chilati rehti hai
User 2: you are stupid . stop talking to me like that
User 1:  .  . you started that . fine sorry . love you . starting fresh: . so jheal mom did really smoke it . i swear to god i knew exactly how much was there . because when i saw it in the drawer initially . i remember . and uska half hai . and mom was smelling of it . can you stop thinking this is a prank or whatever . and act like the older sister you're supposed to be and give a proper reply . and stop with your judging . i'm not having it . i'm old enough . tu aise treat nahi kar sakti . and like the grown up i'm, i'm texting my sister about it first before even talking to mom . reply when few . free
User 2: you are stating it as a fact and making this an exciting news . do you think it is exciting
User 1: okay yeah fine sorry about that
User 2: had you told me this as a concern i wouldnt have replied the way i did . better
User 1: i've learned not to tell you everything so yeah i'll just be stating facts from now on since you don't like my personality :)
User 2: again there is a way
User 1: do you know mom wasis a stress smoker ? i am against cigarettes so yeah that's a proper concern
User 2: i just cant understand you
User 1: explain karne ki try bhi nahi karunga . but she did , and i've never caught that . so i'm sure she does it very rarely and fucking chills out in life prolly whenever she does it . so yeah i'm kinda happy for her given how stuck she is in the house . all the time
User 2: how do you know  ?
User 1: till date ive seen ash in her basin thrice when dad wasn't home . one was directly after a fight with dadi
User 2: n youve not told me that before
User 1: i've been trying to make our relationship chiller how its supposed to be at our age over the yearsm and all you've done is judge me for it . i don't need it from you and i don't deserve it . you treat me like that . so don't expect shit out of me . but anyway . give your thoughts on the info you just gotm
User 2: i can be very ok about stuff  ! but you know youve not been very easy . i am not judging you  ! i am just concerned and hence i try to explain you
User 1: you're too uptight because you never had this life during your ca . and it's fine . concern ki jab baat ayi hai you know i talk seriously . dikshita ka sab bataya . kyo . not judging you . that's all i've ever received from you man so leave that . i know how to handle our thing hence forth . mom ki baat chal rahi hai . woh bags . bata
User 2: fine jenit . do as you please
User 1: mom's thing say
User 2: ill handle it
User 1: no . i'm not being left out of a family thing . this is exactly what i'm talking aboutn . you can't even respect a twenty-one year old brother enough to include him in such a big thing . and then you're like oh i'm concerned blah blah . man dikshita was the most toxic shit i ever met . after the breakup i've actually really imoroved . this time naresh told mom and mom told me that jenit accha improve hogaya hai . so i'm trying to mend the way i've treated everyone at home . you clearly aren't helping me mend shit but excluding me .
User 2: ok sorry . i was just angry the way you texted . i shouldnt have spoken this way
User 1: blah blah chill hai . karna kya hai par
User 2: do you want to talk to her together  ?
User 1: not being rude . are you still concerned about the fact or more like want to know what's up  ?
User 2: ya of course want to know if shes ok
User 1: so this is a theory . i think she is normal in life . because this is not near the first time she's smoking up . nahi toh she wouldn't know how to consume it only . she definitely rolled it and smoked it or maybe dad did it for her . but given the time dad left and when i smelled it i'm sure she did it herself . but if she's like in a long term depressed state then idk but that's far fetched . so i think she's also using it recreationally
User 2: lets not assume stuff . and talk to her
User 1: okay so i came up with this plan that over the weekend you come talk to her . you tell her that jenit knew you didn't throw it . and he smelled it and he knows half is missing so don't lie . and then talk supportingly and not like how you talk to me . and save my ass if needed . sounds good ? . do it over the weekend when i'm not at home . and tell her that seeing how she did it in the middle of the day, we know it's not her first time .
User 2: ok
User 1: don't throw me under the bus please . will you talk to jiju about this ?
User 2: yes re . no
User 1: okay just one advice to like change your mind thoda, since you're not even telling your husband about it, stop treating only  as cocaine and think of it more like wine . but yeah i understand because it's thoda internal family
User 2: listen im really open minded so you dont need to tell me about changing my mind
User 1: cool . say no more . we straight
User 2: trying stuff is different and doing it on a regular basis is different
User 1: agree
User 2: whats your plan for tmrw night  ? . in town  ? . ki panchgani you were saying
User 1: i'm in aamby rn . atb lol . make sure you tell her it's fine and she can do it control if it's actually only for recreational about it . and not depression and stuff . and this i want from my parents fyi . you tell your point as well
User 2: im not ok she doing it  ! bcuz i know its not for recreational stuff . n first of all this is second to come . let me first know if she does it or not . which i doubt she does  ! . so step back
User 1: cool so you're in that mood . cool . mai pagal hu theek hai
User 2: what mood  ?
User 1: yeah you're not open minded for shit
User 2: are i dont believe unless i see it
User 1: mai badi hu meko sab malum hai tu chup kar type wala mood
User 2: its depressing and hence im not open to it  !
User 1: i won't say 100 until i mean it . yeah clearly not open mi ded . cool
User 2: im not doubting what you saw  ! its suprising and not sunk in . whatever  !
User 1: bye man i don't want to talk about this shit and ruin my mood taling to you
User 2: you are the one who is acting snobbish . i just told you something generally . you started with the mood thing . you be happy with your friends like always
User 1: telling and shoving your opinion isn't in cool by me . yep and at home with mom like in this vacation and everyone else . you deleted this message
User 2: i read that  ! 
User 1: cool
User 2: seriously bye
User 1: bye . what did you talk to her about
User 2: i couldnt . was fully blocked . you back  ?
User 1: yes
User 2: ok
User 1: when are you coming home for the talk
User 2: tomorrow
User 1: so is this happening ? . happy birthday
User 2: thank you 
