User 1: do you think i will have to get surgery m ?  jenit here
User 2: i don't think so are u having a plaster or crepe bandage now ? send the full x-ray
User 1: 4th and 5th basal metacarpal is fractured they're saying that there will be permanent pain
User 2: yes der will be den u need to go in from open reduction and internal fixation a minor surgery left hand i hope? crushed one will be okay by giving pain relief oder dan dat...if metacarpal is fractured u need ortho surgery
User 1: no that's the main problem there is no pain at all
User 2: ok
User 1: it's just broken the metacarpal is not broken the base of the metacarpal is broken it's his right hand if he misses even one more class then they will detain him cause he already missed classes during his sister's wedding he can't miss class he won't be able to follow you tell a way without surgery pls okay sorry we will listen to the doctor we do you have the software to view dicom images? in the hospital ct scan
User 2: no i don't
User 1: accha my sister showed in her college i'll let you know what happens
User 2: okay did u get the surgery ?
User 1: the doctor is on vacation till monday
User 2: oh sad
User 1: so right now i'm just staying put and not doing anything
User 2: okay relax let the doctor come missed voice call u r forgetting something very imp
User 1: fuck i'll wish phone niche gir gaya tha kya
User 2: lol
User 1: hellooo dikshita told me how are you doing
User 2: wat did she tell u i'm fine just fell from steps back to normal life from today
User 1: ...? damn how are you  i was talking about the breakup
User 2: just went for tea dis morning lol breakup and all idk as of now
User 1: weren't you doing tp anyway
User 2: idk i guess
User 1: toh chodona kyu waste kar rahe ho time
User 2: are nai ...m sochrahi hu abhi
User 1: hes the one blocking and you're the one thinking . accha theek hai phir haha
User 2: are m kya karu aj dikshu aajayegj uske liye brc se khana lana h ...scented candle jalana h itna sara marks leke aayi h toh shopping bhi jana h .
User 1: hahahah exactly too good she did this semester khali khali mujhe pareshan kiya
User 2: haan ...haath ke wajah se na
User 1: nooooo we fought a lot this semester
User 2: i understand life goes on yaar when both ppl r nice everything is fine in the end
User 1: i'm so glad she got good marks otherwise your mom toh would have started hating me if she doesn't already
User 2: no no she doesn't hate u
User 1: i did seriously fuck up i hope tumhara kiasa chal raha hai abhi
User 2: kya kya kaisa chalraha b ?
User 1: vivek loo lol
User 2: haha chalraha h bas
User 1: when will your video sessions stop bapre tum bhi karlo exercise happy birthday
User 2: thank you kitna sookha wish pagal jenny
User 1: congrats on growing older. is saal ladka mil jayega :)
User 2: hahahaha
User 1: boyfriend kya diya batao
User 2: gali diya aur kya
User 1: .....?
User 2: aur kuch dene ke layak h woh gali diya gaali he abused me
User 1: bapre birthday pe what is all this ya nevermind. happy thoughtsss. what plans for tonight?
User 2: yaa
User 1: what plans
User 2: going out with fam u tell ?
User 1: parents gone so time to break curfew bahut sundar dikh rahe hai baal
User 2: thank u
User 1: you girls talk about feminism and yet can't stand up for yourself dikshita has decided to tell your parents about yesterday. how about she does that? then i'll apologise how much ever you want you stop talking to such low lives. itne achhe ghar ki ho. doctor bhi ho! and you want to disappoint your parents in such a way hey vidushi!!!
User 2: yup
User 1: hi i assume you know whats happening
User 2: i'm sorry i dk wat happened ?
User 1: that dikshita broke up with me?
User 2: oh okay ...i dint know please...she had told me about it ...but idk wat decision she took .
User 1: cna you just tell me whatever you know. and please don't tell her we spoke
User 2: oh okay i will speak to her once she is back she is abroad now so i dint talk much
User 1: but what did she tell before
User 2: she was happy dat u were coming to delhi last i heard dat only about u from her
User 1: . you didn't know about the break up? did she say anything regarding that?
User 2: no nothing
User 1: okay. please help me once she comes back. i love your sister and can't afford to lose her at any cost. i know i fucked up here and there and i'm ready to make up for everything. please help once she's back. i'm sorry i'm begging to you for help but desperation gets the best of us. you know how much i love dikshu. i just cannot leave manipal without her by my side.
User 2: okay idk actually wat has happened i'm not talking to her as of now ...as she is away...let her come back den we will talk mostly
User 1: ha. let her enjoy the vacation. even i'm trying my best to not overwhelm her when she's having fun. arre the same thing from last semester. that boy i threatened. you know that right?
User 2: okay yes i know don't worry evrything will be fine .
User 1: she can't move past that. i thought we were healing from that and yet she's stuck there. vidushi please help me  jaan hai woh ladki meri
User 2: ya she spoke about it many times after she came once she was crying and talking about it at night
User 1: what did she say
User 2: she has even told dad about it she never tells dad stuff ..but she has repeated the whole thing many times
User 1: like what exactly did she say how bad she was feeling about it?
User 2: she says i'm fed up of all dis my whole semester was ruined because of dis i can't handle all dis nobody wants to speak to me because of dis no one likes me
User 1: vidushi mere liye it was so inappropriate. woh ladka uske birthday par usko messages bhej raha hai saying youre my diamond blah blah
User 2: den i asked wat about divya she said only she talks
User 1: divya talks properly. dikshita doesn't give bhav to the girls because she thinks it's too much effort she's distancing herself from the people who love her. and crying because people who don't care about her don't talk to her
User 2: oh okay oh ..
User 1: pranjal cares for her true. but the other guys in the class stopped talking to her because they chose pranjal over her after the thing
User 2: ohkay i understood dat
User 1: she blames me for the other guys as well
User 2: oh yaa i know dikshu is completely opposite of wat i am a lot of discussion happened about u and i told her u really love her
User 1: when she said all this only no?
User 2: dats all was the conclusion when mom i and dikshu went out however she was in two minds at dat time
User 1: what about me being insecure wala part
User 2: den she may have taken a decision yes she said u r very insecure however she shall do wat she wants she said she loves u but she can't take all dis all the time .
User 1: vidushi but you know shes too naive no. she says that he takes all my guy friends away without telling the reason why. did she tell you about saurak and parth and how she wants to reconcile with them?
User 2: no no idk how was it in delhi i thought u ppl were enjoying der and u had plans she said u r going clubbing
User 1: okay you didn't hear this from me. but it is very necessary that you know that. saurak and parth were the people who could have helped her when she got molested. and they didn't do shit and moreover they kinda chose the molester over her. so i told them to stay away from dikshita and me. and dikshita is like they didnt do anything and i don't make friends to want something in return hence i want to talk to them if as a bf i can't protect her from such people then what good am i. and i'm getting the bossy bf name because i told her to not talk to such people! how is that fair
User 2: idk when and how she got molested and by whom
User 1: i couldn't go there. worst decision of my life.
User 2: my parents have no clue as well
User 1: this was 4th semester. she doesn't like to talk about it.
User 2: oh god she was really waiting for u she told me about it
User 1: i curse myself everyday. i really should have gone. about what
User 2: dat she was glad u were coming
User 2: oh okay it's okay evrything will be fine once she is back i really donno the whole story so who molested her ?
User 1: remember her friend anirudh?
User 2: yes i think so
User 1: dikshita was sleeping at my place when her german exam was there. i left manipal so she was in my room. that night saurak and anirudh got drunk. saurak went to his room and passed out and anirudh went to my room when dikshita was sleeping and grabbed her butt. luckily she got up kicked him and ran into the bathroom and that was that. still after this incident saurak and parth didn't do shit to stand for dikshita and dikshita wants to make up to them as a bf how can i allow that vidushi you tell me. i've tried my best to be a good bf. i can't do better.
User 2: my god dis is just i have no words i know dat i can understand
User 1: is she staying in delhi after coming back?
User 2: no no she will be back home
User 1: should i come to kolkata or should i give her space and wait for manipal
User 2: i'll have to speak to her when do u ppl have to be back ?
User 1: she's leaving on the 21st dikshita shouldn't know you know this or she's going to never forgive me for sure
User 2: no no i just called her i dint tell her anything she plans to enjoy with vedant vatsal after she comes back
User 1: accha doesn't make sense for me to come there did you talk to her? bataoo
User 2: she is busy with vedant vatsal
User 1: i think mahiman is poisoning her ears
User 2: oh i really donno she is busy with pubg and wat not
User 1: please talk to her please pubg won't be the reason of you not talking to her. if you don't want to interfere then please say so. i won't bother you after that
User 2: we haven't got a chance to speak ....let me see ...will let u know tonight
User 1: she came two days ago looking at her behavior she definitely spoke more to mahiman than you spoke to her.
User 2: true .
User 1: please tell me if you're planning to speak to her cos if you're not then i don't want to keep hopes high. i'm tired of being disappointed
User 2: i wont be able to talk sorry .
User 1: then say that first instead of this bs. next time by any chance if i try to stand up for your rights, remind me i'm being stupid okay?
User 2: the irony of the situation is to save your relationship u need oder ppls help ...to save mine i dint need anyone .. irrespective of who the guy is for me...dat is the way i am dat is the way i love and care for someone ...dat he can never leave me and go ...and today u stand here ...waiting for someone ...however u have no idea wat future holds in store for u ...good luck ...i said ill try but now i won't ....i'm not mahiman and i'm not vedant vatsal ...but if i want something to happen it happens !...be it in my sister's life as well ...anyhow soon she will be in manipal  i dint want dat u ppl interfere but still u did !i don't bother much about past things because i know everything will fall in place !
User 1:  you do you
