User 1: hey, you sent out a message for a writer ?
User 2: hey, thanks a lot for the help . i need a writer to help me on the 8th, 10th and the 11th
User 1: what time ?
User 2: they'll be at 5:45pm at ab5, mit
User 1: oh okay . give me a minute . hey, i'll do it:)
User 2: brilliant ! . thank you so much
User 1: not a problem !
User 2: hi i'm jenit
User 1: oh yes . hi, i'm astha . 
User 2: haha . i'll text you tomorrow for few details that i have to submit at my college
User 1: okay:) . also, listen, my handwriting isn't the best . will that be a problem for you ?
User 2: definitely better than my left hand handwriting so i'm fine haha
User 1: lol okay then
User 2: would you like to study half my portion ?
User 1: hell no . if you want, i can give it a read max lol
User 2: this is going to be me too
User 1: ops
User 2: i myself don't understand much
User 1: don't they allow you to give the exam later if you miss it ? ?
User 2: plus there's some disgusting math so i guess that's something to look forward to .
User 1: crap
User 2: i missed it a week back . this is the "later"
User 1: ok a few disclaimers . 1 .i suck at maths
User 2: i feel you're stressing about my exams more than me . i'll pass, don't worry . i have accepted the mediocre gpa life
User 1: lol okayy . understandable
User 2: hey morning !
User 1: hey !
User 2: i have to submit your information to the associate director so can you please send me your reg id, year and section
User 1: you don't need my college ?
User 2: would be kind of stupid of me to ask you your college when i know that siddhi put it up on a soc group haha
User 1: well now i didn't have that piece of information, you see . one hundred and eighty million, seven hundred and one thousand and thirty-four
User 2: anyway, there's always facebook
User 2: hey . morning !
User 1: hey, morning ! . tf is this
User 2: these are two things that they will definitely ask . dw, don't need to remember anything . just read it so that you're not completely clueless about the words haha
User 1: okayy
User 2: let's meet by 5:30 outside ab5 ?
User 1: yes okay . do i need to get any identity proof ?
User 2: yes please . you live in the hostel right ?
User 1: yes
User 2: alright then just walk straight from kc and i'll meet you at the nearest gate from there
User 1: haan that staircase na ?
User 2: yep next to the architecture block
User 1: yes, okayy
User 2: see you !
User 1: where are you ?
User 2: outside three hundred and ten in ab5 . just come inside and come one floor up
User 1: okayy
User 2: trust me, you were brilliant . thank you so much .
User 1: yay thanks . how did your exam go ?
User 2: first good paper of the semester tbh
User 1: yay . heyy . i have a question
User 2: hello . sup
User 1: is it okay if someone else comes to write your paper or does it have to be me ? i'll find someone, you won't have to worry about the search . the play is on friday and we have a sudden crisis .
User 1: arre batao . if there's no way out, i'll come
User 2: if you can find someone and get me their info before tomorrows paper it should be fine
User 1: don't worry . thank you
User 2: make sure they are as fast as you
User 1: and, i'm so, so sorry . i know this is abrupt . hahaa
User 2: what happened tho
User 1: so my part was done, but since there are less people . they put me in the end scene . and . there's a change of costume . so the team has to go to udupi and all
User 2: shit . let's hope everything works out
User 1: i hope so too . she's writing your paper
User 2: thank you so much . and all the best for your play :)
User 1: thank you
User 2: is she there on whatsapp ? can't find her
User 1: oh haan . here's her whatsapp number
User 2: thank god . haha thanks
User 1:  . all the besstt
User 2: thanks 
User 1: hey, how was it ?
User 2: hey . it was alright . we both were pretty clueless during the paper so
User 1: all the best for today
User 2: thank youu
