User 1: act like you didn't notice any change when apratim enters
User 2: where
User 1: fc
User 2: i'm not in fc da
User 1: ok bye . the ultimate plan to create the dream team
User 2: hahaha yeah i read this
User 1: friend : what did you learn from sanju movie trailer?
User 2: dont stop writing just stop spreading and for you its pretty simple the count is you deleted this message zero
User 1: i've lost count of the number of relationships i've been in so i reset it to zero ( hush hush i'm lying)
User 2: of course of course. youre the perfect example of a modest baller
User 2: harshaaa my man google drive movies - https:drive.google.comdriveu0mobilefolders0b6fjkmqkynziltlwzhl4ajuwcfu a message to convey on behalf of a department of microsoft which handles student activities and competitions. its just a half hour session. no ppts and stuff. just information. it will be an interesting opportunity for you guys. and everyone will have a chance to meet like minded people to participate in hackathons or maybe form your own startup squad or something. hello everyone, this week lets focus on bit manipulation, it's an easy concept but it gets trickier and a lot of times very simple questions look complicated if not done with these concepts. https:www.geeksforgeeks.orgbit-tricks-competitive-programming https:www.geeksforgeeks.orgbits-manipulation-important-tactics http:www.techiedelight.comfind-odd-occurring-element-array-single-traversal https:www.hackerearth.compracticenotesbit-manipulation this week lets focus on linked lists. https:www.geeksforgeeks.orgswap-two-numbers-without-using-temporary-variable https:www.cs.cmu.eduadamchik15-121lectureslinked20listslinked20lists.html https:www.geeksforgeeks.orglinked-list-set-1-introduction https:www.hackerearth.compracticenotesdoubly-linked-list-data-structure-in-c https:www.hackerearth.compracticedata-structureslinked-listsingly-linked-listtutorial for those new to python there are notes on hackerearth which might be helpful do check it out and if you write an article please feel free to contact your seniors if you want us to review it before you send. @918762264117 is the geeksforgeeks campus ambassador as well. https:www.geeksforgeeks.orginternship time complexity analysis: https:www.youtube.complaylist?listpl2awczgmawi9hk8ypvbjelblbi3ufctn https:youtu.benjthowmlja https:www.thecrazyprogrammer.com201512linked-list-interview-questions-and-answers.html http:www.codespaghetti.comlinked-list-interview data structures: https:www.youtube.complaylist?listpl2awczgmawi3wjlcbbtytwiqssota6p
User 1: thanks a lot fren but where did you get all of this from
User 2: classmate
User 1: what a legend looks like the aliens are here in style
User 2: they know how to go marketing
User 1: yep xd wtf what a legend that guy is, incentivising cannabis xd
User 2: true
User 1: is that guy your boss
User 2: yes lol
User 1: when does your internship end
User 2: no specific date. it's an internship so until i finish the work and if he decides to not give more work lol we're going to have a code sprint today like i'll reach office by 2ish and come back tomorrow morning and getting treated for breakfast
User 1: woah code sprint regarding work?
User 2: yes
User 1: what are you working on now?
User 2: integration of my model to their webpage and improvement of it
User 1: same, i'm trying to integrate it in an app here
User 2: do you know javascript or whatever you're using to integrate?
User 1: just a little enough to attempt it
User 2: hahaha how's it goin then
User 1: ok ok there is something called nnapi in android and i built my model using caffe2 so it offers direct support
User 2: howd caffe also i need a roommate spread the word plis
User 1: it's damn good, it has support to android and pytorch flexibility wise really good wokay send a picture i'll put it as my story
User 2: don't have one lol. but the balcony is bigger than hostel rooms put that
User 1: xd , i don't think that'll work 
User 2: arre ask known people put on groups and all
User 1: everyone i know has already decided
User 2: put it anyway word of mouth it shall spread thoda
User 1: yessir
User 2: you disgust me
User 1: i came across this list of deadpool jokes this is just your cover up, i know you silently had a good laugh xd
User 2: i can't laugh half my face is swollen
User 1: wtf, what happened goddamn why though, was it in an odd position or cavities
User 2: both plus more cavities are left fml
User 1: dude, shit.... that's very bad
User 2: is there any polite way that i can ask my boss for my stipend tomorrow itself. need to get something for mom before leave. ps. boss thinks i'm leaving mumbai on wednesday
User 1: when are you actually leaving mumbai? i think you can, tell him the actual reason.... don't try to make up too much stuff, they figure it out most of the times
User 2: friday
User 1: aaah, so what plans on 21st and 22nd
User 2: i'll have to go easy on the weekend because otherwise i'll be risking an infection in my gums sad also do you know the drama that happened with nethraa and all?
User 1: no idea man, try asking divya
User 2: no dont jesus since when are you trying to ask divya
User 1: i haven't, i just asked you to i have no interest in poking into those matters
User 2: oh i knoe the drama lol i caused it
User 1: then tell xd
User 2: in short, dikshita and i have been indirectly chucked out of the nethraa sriya and their group. like nethraa and agrim are against us completely, divya and pranav are very neutral, and all the other girls are inclined to nethraa's side (by inclined i mean they probably dont give a shit about me which is fine but they still might talk to dikshita hopefully) and i also dont give two shits about parth and saurak.
User 1: why is all this happening?
User 2: nethraa is a cocky (in general), tormenting (towards dikshita) and hypocritical (towards everything) cunt who doesn't accept her mistake, and while i was trying to explain her everything and sort everything out she just couldn't understand jack shit and according to her nothing she did was wrong. and since she is kinda the boss of the group, no one else had the balls to confront her (eventhough most of them agreed about the above mentioned things till an extend). so after the discussion, which was useless, things went south. agrim is her bf so obviously he'll be on her side, so saurak, nethraa and agrim left the whatsapp group and made another one with everyone from the old group except dikshita and i
User 1: goddamn why would you want to confront her all of a sudden?
User 2: i was hearing thing from months before that were just too shallow, and she was tormenting dikshita like crazy, like dikshita didn't even wanna room up with her for even one more month but dikshita is the complaining kind so she assumed that everything was fine. so dikshita dealt with her part, and i was trying to make her realise what she did (not related to dikshita) was very wrong and that she needed to apologise to the concerned people and also sort the stuff we had between us so that atleast we could still stay friends the point for all this gossip was, no i dont have any plans to go to some hill station or something the coming weekend ) :)
User 1: woah, i don't want to comment on anything. but just keep your ground
User 2: keep your ground matlab
User 1: stick to what you feel is right
User 2: that. i will not do that college has taught me to be thoda fake hence fake is what i shall be lol anyways did you play pubg with dikshtia
User 1: wokay nope, i think that'll be a lot of fun
User 2: man she's addicted
User 1: what's her game name
User 2: dikshita98 she has already played over one hundred games 
User 2: microsoft internship test scheduled for 24th july. gs internship test will also be in the same week. did you study anything
User 1: i'm damn scared now, haven't done jack shit
User 2: you do know that barely people get selected and it won't be the end if the world na
User 1:  i know but still
User 2: i mean yes obviously microsoft is cool, but startups chalege 
User 1: true plus they come next year as well
User 2: next year will be it https:youtu.bectbdjzah3za
User 1: don't spoil me but frankly speaking, you are one of the few guys whose words matter for me.
User 2: hai hai. dw. i shall never give you any wrong ones
User 1: thanks xd, got a little senti there :p
User 1: anyways, when do you reach manipal?
User 2: i'm sitting high af here
User 1: xd with who
User 2: other group friends lol
User 1: woah woah
User 2: boi
User 1: yes boi
User 2: i spoke to chantal today, she want to do a project i'm goin to do with two other people excluding her. we haven't decided the project. you want it?
User 1: project regarding?
User 2: no clue
User 1: if i know what it is about, then i'm in
User 2: we still haven't decide if you come across a good idea then thay
User 1: cool, let's see then
User 2: what did the teacher say
User 1: it was some ieee work man, i'm already doing some work with the iiit guy
User 2: what work do you have this sem related to extracurricular activities including education
User 1: ieee chair person work
User 2: let me know about the marathom and what's the iiit
User 1: so the professor i was working with in the summer wanted me to write a paper as well
User 2: working on whaf
User 1: cnn
User 2: do you want to do a project instead
User 1: i really don't mind
User 2: great
User 1: what's up
User 2: you know scene detection to text conversion so i want to use that for sign language to text detection how do you like it and also what exactly do you want to work on
User 1: sounds good, but it's computationally very heavy
User 2: something to we'll have to do na if you have any ideas then tell me
User 1: i don't have amy major ideas as of now, we could work on that only but we need to find an aspect which can also be turned into a paper later
User 2: honestly i don't have much knowledge in this from a professional kind of way so i prefer you leading
User 1: dude let's meet and discuss this
User 2: sure. whenever
User 1: cool, let me know when you can i'll see based on that
User 2: mstlab
User 1: no dude, there is a lot of ieee work for the week so i'll adjust based on that
User 2: exactly so let me knownwhrn you're free
User 1: ye i will dudeeee happy birthday!!!!!!!
User 2: thank you
User 1: what plans today?
User 2: lunch with classn dinner with dikshita and divya no booze, are you proud haha
User 1: very much
User 2: happy birthday fam 
User 1: thanks a lot !!!
User 2: how was poker night
User 1: it was good just saw people get rekt by mallu
User 2: can you get your ca book to lab ill get it xeroxed after
User 1: cool
User 2: thanks
User 1: xd, my lab got over at five that day, let me know when you need it again and i'll get it
User 2: plis
User 1: what plis, tell me when you want it
User 2: stop shouting it's hurting my head
User 1: xd how badly hung over are you 
User 2: get the book today
User 1: done
User 2: yo i'm going to get the book niw i'll let you know
User 1: how's prep going
User 2: i completed the post sessional portion
User 1: woahhhh
User 2: planning to complete the entire booklet before tomorrow nightb and then weekend revise agin no other subjects now wby?
User 1: i'm about to finish cn post sessional
User 2: what oes have you put
User 1: i'm planning philosophy or nutrition
User 2: arghhh fuck you can you send class notes for reservation tables (the solved problems) , dependencies part (examples of data depencies and control dependencies) can you be persuaded to do either linear algebra solid state physics or nanoscience lol
User 1: no dude, i'm planning on taking math for pe on it
User 2: thankss also, are parallel sorting and the odd even transposition sorting the same thing?
User 1: this one, it's 2632 no no
User 2: so do we have parallel sorting
User 1: nope
User 2: accha then send the odd even thing too plis mvp truly thankss solve na same good ca paper?
User 1: i don't have it
User 2: i totally forgot can you please send me the a  b pipeline sum the pipeline diagram that was drawn mvp you know how to derive the (2n-5)2n-1 formuka you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message
User 1: what formula is that
User 2: number links that a barrel shifter has more than the mesh
User 1: is it a previous year question?
User 2: yes all the sequence numbers are correct only rightn
User 1: should be eight thousand according to my guy for the last ack
User 2: will the last ack have x or x1
User 1: x one only
User 2: how do you differenciate
User 1: between what?
User 2: second diagram seems wronh
User 1: this is what our guy told us
User 2: okay got it cleared thanks sup is rational unified process there
User 1: which chapter? 10?
User 2: no agile methods i think
User 1: 3?
User 2: chapter two
User 1: the entire chapter is there, just go though it once
User 2: accha and the important ones are two four six seven ten right
User 1: yep
User 2: how was it
User 1: goodie good
User 2: fucking
User 1: whyyy
User 2: i attempted thirty-seven only
User 1: how was today's exam?
User 2: 30-35 you?
User 1: i didn't have an exam xd
User 2: go fuck yourself na :)
User 1: ok 
User 2: started os?
User 1: yep, yesterday
User 2: finished?
User 1: by tonight, yes
User 2: fuckk okay how are the ending chapters file system and security
User 1: very easy, actually
User 2: or whatever er from text or the handouts?
User 1: text
User 2: long?
User 1: nope, not very
User 2: which chapters are after 2nd sessional thanks and stop studying
User 1: xx can't help it :p
User 2: stupid or what sure you can lol how's apu now food poisoning na
User 1: he's good he recovered a day before sessionals endsems
User 2: this mood makes me happy 
User 2: fam marathon?
User 1: currently only exercise, i go for short runs that's it
User 2: man i'm asking will you participate in the feb one
User 1: i will
User 2: 21?
User 1: don't know i'm planning a ninety minute twenty-one or a forty minute 10km
User 2: lolll isn't that too less even i participated for some reason for 21
User 1: not very it's doable, my current best is around one hundred and two minutes
User 2: fuck i'm planning two hours minimum are you follow a training program kinda thing?
User 1: naah, i'm doing ab and leg training at home and sticking to a healthy meal routine, around 5-6 meals a day
User 2: shit accha nice. i got b in bi  entire department fucked up well i attempted thirty in end sems and still 
User 1: woahhh that's good 
User 2: how muchhhh
User 1: i'm not seeing it today
User 2: don't be stupid
User 1: areee i tried last night and i gave up now
User 2: it's working now
User 1: i am, what to do
User 2: right ... dude sahil missed ten because of a in ios 
User 1: xd somansh got ten
User 2: thin small specs dud? champu haircut?
User 1: no no, dark, healthy dude in section a
User 2: do you know anyone else's marks in our friend circle all this negativity not needed yaar
User 1: prakhar 8.97 what about you?
User 2: shit nice 8.73 i'm sad only about os what about chantal
User 1: no idea
User 2:  our college is pretty messed up
User 1: that's why you should be smart like me xd
User 2: you checked?
User 1: i'll tell you when i do
User 2: chantal got 9.95 fucking he'll
User 1: isn't there an emoji with tears of blood
User 2: are you fine? i don't think the hyderabad air suits you
User 1: whyyy i am 
User 2: why will there be tears of blood normal tears convey the exact same meaning  chal you decide my dinner.
User 1: normal tears can't justify that emotion anymore
User 2: i ha e to order in has to be non veg go
User 1: options swiggy?
User 2: or zomato my friend single handedly started mcd delivery in manipal 
User 1: why does it say viditxd
User 2: friend na
User 1: woah, that's smart
User 2: dinner
User 1: give restaurant options, what's your address in bombay
User 2: check in south bombay
User 1: what's the budget mr chows, pan fried noodles or something from mandala
User 2: i'm home. only thing i like about mumbai includes the no pocket part 
User 1: try the turkey sandwich there it's super healthy too the croque monsieur
User 2: dudeee
User 1: what happened
User 2: wait man it doesn't deliver to my area both the branches fml it's not on swiggu this is nice right
User 1: i told you, give me your exact address mostly i've had pan fried noodles before, its healthy and good order a starter with it if you want
User 2: i'm ordering the chicken one then
User 1: ye
User 2: fuck you actually went through the restaurants and shit. i mean thanks i appreciate it, truely, but like how bored are you what have you been doing man 
User 1: actually i've been preparing for gre and some random stuff
User 2: you booked the slot for gre?
User 1: i just get too enthu sometimes nope, will do on december end
User 2: love. it. man i booked for december end  i think first one will be like a trial only
User 1:  why, should have taken it in jan
User 2: wanted to do it in mumbai and get donen wrong decisions
User 1: plus i take food very seriously
User 2: on a separate note, is lamb brain fatty or protein-y
User 1: fat and cholesterol good when had very occasionally
User 2: fine then in feb
User 1: i eat too healthy in hyderabad dude, i go out because sometimes i can't handle eating that healthy
User 2: ..... my healthy includes loads of natural sugar (fruits) with small sprinkles of protein (dal) man should have born in a different religion family
User 1: i eat vegetarian only, mostly at least museli, dal, peanut butter, soya, and chicken on alternate days i got an eight :
User 2: do you want really funny drama ps you can't tell dikshita if your answer is yes
User 1: yes
User 2: ex boss
User 1: wtf soo much drama for a certificate are they genuinely dumb
User 2: to be fair enough i did insult him after my internship got over because he was being a dick about the certificate that time too planning to complain to the trade commissions but i won :')))
User 1:  insane, for one certificate
User 2: plot twist af
User 1: faak this is some mad stuff are you sure you won't get fucked
User 2: i'm not sending it yet one friend said that give him time till 25th
User 1: do that, don't hurry about things don't do dumb things impulsively
User 2: yeah obviously, till then nothing
User 1: do it when you are completely clear about it
User 2: they'll cave in before that
User 1: that's true, but take care
User 2: harsha, if i don't get arrested, you should definitely try this. too adrenaline pumping don't need no jogging
User 1: my dad's a cop 
User 2: what post if you don't mind me asking
User 1: deputy commissioner
User 2:  why don't you do this everyday 
User 1: wtf why would i do this at all 
User 2: it's like bungee jumping you just love the feeling of stuff ( the company in this case) going down
User 1: goddam you scare me jenit 
User 2: like coldplay has taught us through his song fix you
User 1: wokay xd
User 2: what oe
User 1: don't know yet mostly nutrition and health missed voice call  also, do you have the manipal marathon ka registration link
User 2: wait https:www.manipalmarathon.com pretty straight forward 
User 1: thanks 
User 2: rekt
User 1: shit that was savage
User 2: you know photoshop right 
User 2: i'm actually not kidding can't give this for iaeste
User 1: that's high level forgery i mean it's ok, but still
User 2: he was bribing me with thc not like there's anyway he'll ever find out plus not the first time i've participated in something illegal
User 1: ye i'll help
User 2: wait i already asked two people to do. let's see if it works  thanks buttt i think i fucked up even more now rip reported their angelist profile i emailed them to retract my thing let's hope it works fml dude i'm so self destructing kill me  is this fine
User 1: waav relax goddamit a little too much appreciation bit ok but
User 2:  i saw it online on another certificate
User 1: corporate people don't give so many comments
User 2: which ones to remove
User 1: just keep technically sound and hardworking
User 2: accha can you do it?
User 1: yeap
User 2: okay so fuck this use the original one for the writing part this is to certify that mr. jenit jain, a student of manipal institute of technology, has successfully completed a summer internship as a backend developer from may two thousand and eighteen - july 2018. jenit mainly worked on developing models for the detection and classification of various crops and diseases by deploying several machine learning algorithms. he was also a part of the development team responsible for the integration of the models with the webpage. write this replace the top logo and address with the one on this letter after replacing it with this, crop the address and shift it down so it's in line with the vertical line and not above it thanks  three hundred and twenty gre
User 1: ohooo just remind me once in the evening i'll do it
User 2: it's done thanks 
User 2: did you sign up for the ai ml workshop
User 1: which one?
User 1: all this is known stuff only na
User 2: might as well do a workshop but it's in kharagpur so nevermind
User 1:  what you upto tonight
User 2: i'm supposed to be at a farmhouse, where it's single digits temperature, with booze and hash and hookah but i booked a flight for tomorrow so i'm going to chill at home without any intoxication because parents will also be at home you?
User 1: sad xd was supposed to go to oberoi
User 2: but
User 1: but not going now because there wasn't anyone to go with what but? xd
User 2: you see how the sentence started with but  so finally no plans?
User 1: don't scam too much
User 2: what you saying man dude medical test is also included. ripp
User 1: i saw you giggle when he was talking about exaggeration xd
User 2: i removed everything extra recently only 
User 1: knew it  the meeting got over at 3:30 and then i crashed at a friend's place and took a bus back
User 2: what can be done 
User 1: i was pretty much dead
User 2: mvp
User 1: story of jentis life listen properly
User 2: dude the discipline thing! i was admitted in kmc and it's on record already over for me
User 1: xd, nice ....i think you should put that in your cv
User 2: sorry, it wont be one page long anymore
User 1:  https:youtu.bedy-3fxwvfm
User 2: are they spoilets
User 1: small ones, it's good watch it
User 2: i mean i've read almost everything so fuck it why not
User 1: xd yeo https:youtu.bevw2sahkgfss
User 2: don't send me all this i'll cut you with my left
User 1: just watch it
User 2: thought so
User 1: she acted so well damn i almost bought it
User 2: study pp
User 1: i'm freaking out here
User 2: i can type the opencl code
User 1: shut up
User 2: and i got really hot volunteers who i must mention are juniors from soc for my sessionals
User 1: woahhhhh too good lucky you xd
User 2: given up on such willa words
User 1: woah, jenit is a changed man  
User 2: i'm more scared for mpi man
User 1: i'm dying
User 2: man did you get the op was it mpi or cuda
User 1: mpi xd
User 2: .
User 1: yepppppp too good
User 2: man my fucking send didn't work i really wanted cuda man everywheere got op how did you send the four elements
User 1: individually i wrote a loop and sent them
User 2: is it fine if i implement using 1d array
User 1: yep i wanna watch themmmm
User 2: what time will you go to the fc for lunch
User 1: dudeee i'm so sorry i forgot that i had your card shit
User 2: not that lolll i nhave to give you jappe notes i mean get the card too please
User 1: peace i'll go around 12:30
User 2: cooool
User 1: i'll give you a call when i leave
User 2: thanks lunchhh
User 1: i'll come by one  https:ok.ruvideo1361647110869 episode two
User 2: got long back babe
User 1: :""( and you didn't tell me i hate you
User 2: i didn't forward it because i don't want them to lose money and the quality is shit while loading i saw a spoiler tho tyrion and jaime met but like it's fine no audio
User 1: the quality is ok, i don't mind i'm watching it
User 2: give review not spoliers
User 1: it was pretty funny especially the tormund and brienne part
User 2:  how was the build up
User 1: too bad
User 2: seriously? sada episode?
User 1: haan it was meh
User 2: shish
User 1: i didn't mind it but i didn't like it either
User 2: doesn't include all tho
User 1: who sent it?
User 2: my sister she's a ca so i asked her for help lol
User 1: lol why? but we have a scanned doc na for it
User 2: arre this specifies what to include in each termn the doc just had the ratios
User 1:  thankssss dudeee for stock turnover ratio the numerator is cost of goods sold it's not net sales
User 2: to use cost of good you also need opening stock which isn't giving so that's why using net sales closing inventory ca has solved all this so just accept and decode. notthing is wrong in this except that you can add preference captial in shareholders equity
User 1: that is cool but i mean, we are in a fix na....will the humanities guys accept it? tell me the cost of goods sold in this plis
User 2: refer to the formula sheet. it has the break up for all these formula
User 1: just this one part
User 2: cash purchases?
User 1: can we use sales closing inventory here also? no idea what that is
User 2: yes it's given in the question
User 1: i think it's manufacturing expenses basically purchases but the only problem is, if i do opening stocks in trade  purchases - closing stocks it doesn't satisfy the part that says gross profit  net sales - cost of goods sold
User 2: cost of goods is ninety-six thousand  (138000-18000) - one hundred and forty-four thousand
User 1: ye cool what about this?
User 2: so it might have made a loss?
User 1: could be no idea
User 2: no but it's written gross profit is 1.5l
User 1: and net sale is 1.5l - 6k it is coming -ve that way
User 2: no clue
User 1: dude rate of gross profit100 is the stock turnover ratio
User 2: is it a formula
User 1: no no shit (net sales - gross profit)net sales  rate of gross profit
User 2: ohh gg
User 1: what is average inventories in this case
User 2: (96000144000)2
User 1: shouldnt we add the cost of building also
User 2: idk
User 1: kill meeeeee god bless
User 2: won't be included as it is a fixed asset
User 2: do you instructions associated cost calculations
User 1: yes
User 2: https:proxtpb.arttorrent32467984gameofthroness08e04720phdtvx264-ctu because you felt bad last timei didn't send
User 1:  does this work?
User 2: yes
User 1:  too much traffic download speed is too low
User 2: it's not working nevermind don't download
User 1: you downloaded?
User 2: yes do you have an internship?
User 1: i do im off to china now huawei summer training thing
User 2: how'd you get that wtf
User 1: some opening it's only sixteen days though plus it's completely paid for
User 2: the company paid?
User 1: yep
User 2: what after this but
User 1: i'm in delhi now virtusa 27may to 20th july
User 2: man fuck i need to find something to do all the best tho safe trip
User 1:  how come? 
User 2: everyone on internshala wanted me submit a yeah and i got most of my replies around your second sessional time. all my deadlines we're in between my sessionals and lab end sem plus one hand so couldn't submit anything what's your job profile
User 1: technical engineer they haven't given me much clarity
User 2: still a job 
User 1:  don't cry man
User 2: dude i toh actually cried anushka fucking trivedi in microsoft????!!! no thanks already shit semester now this bullshit too
User 1:  relax man take a chill pill just try through someone you know
User 2: that's the last option and it is already being used army contacts  i hope it pulls through please tell me you're going to try the weird street food
User 1: all kinds of shit no backing out good one 
User 2: plis to send pics i will see and stay content
User 1: all of it will be posted
User 2: all the best for the lashback
User 1:  i'm loving ir it
User 2: food lashback or both? man you haven't had very weird stuff yet no? you've just had rich weird at best get down and dirtyy how's the training btw?
User 1: i mean actually no....dude they gave us unlimited budget for food we've only been sight seeing it starts tomorrow
User 2: is there anything bad about your trip yet 
User 1: too much food xd getting fat falling in love with china and chinese women are so hot
User 2: food wise no? i need to do one weird food trip i hope god please if you can differentiate between then for sure them then
User 1: yep shut up they're all hot xd
User 2: listen whats the time there and are you busy for like twenty i had to make a report for analytics vidya competition i need someone to proof read and see if it looks good enough
User 1: peace i'll do it i'm free abhi
User 2: almost done. give me ten how were your resultss
User 1: really bad got 7.5
User 2: man even i got my lowest 7.95 i had 45.5 internals in ml and still a b???? stupidity also are you learning anything in china except the culture
User 1: networking technologies and mobile networking optimisation
User 2: so what's this menu snailllll omg
User 1: jellyfish chicken feet
User 2: and this? this is just nasty man how's the taste tho hahah and this?
User 1: octopus octopus only xd it's a delicacy here xd
User 2: what are your thoughts on the finale
User 1: i didn't mind it actually
User 2: yeah i'll see you when college reopens bye
User 1: not all stories are fair 
User 2: indian election result for eg
User 1: true i see that you hated the ending xd
User 2: yeah and mumbai is just stressing me out i need to get out of here i told my mom i'm ordering in everyday unless she agrees to make non jain food for me. she's like no so i'm lol cool so i got a scam internship through reference. basically no office. minimal work. and a good internship letter. so that i can concentrate and work on placement preparation and the day i decided that okay no need to look for more internship, good opportunities are just starting to reply now chuts two thousand and nineteen is so fucking pissing off
User 1:  do that only na let them pass agreed
User 2: how many suits are you getting for this sem excluding the interviews interview are you getting just like normal formals or a blazer as well?
User 1: two formals are enough
User 2: fuck alright cool
User 1: you know i'm moving out this sem right m ?
User 2: yepp when are you going back
User 1: 20th morning i arrive
User 2: ooo great. please drink this sem properly thanks
User 1: why are you like this such a bad influence :p
User 2: can you keep a secret you're giving gs no
User 1: yeah, sure yep
User 2: in mumbai all tests had the same question and it was today in the morning only
User 1: woah, mad wtf thought, how did you get them
User 2: mumbai friend somehow got them
User 1: is this prims algo?
User 2: no clue ya didn't solve any fuck how many did you ace chut i'm so sad tonsay i didn't even get one
User 1: two
User 2: wahhh
User 1: one was partial out of it bc
User 2: which was full
User 1: but mcqs were gone
User 2: lol what did you do for the 12th floor bro where did you select your paper from and which one did you select
User 1: ieee library portal
User 2: which paper are you doing it on
User 1: semantic segmentation
User 2: are you done with your industrial report
User 1: nope doing
User 2: what to write in acknowledgment
User 1: just thank your peeps
User 2: colleagues?  and that guided by thing means your boss right? send once you are done no telll
User 1:  dude everyone on china roams around like that shirt half folded  wow
User 2: we have different triggering subjects 
User 1:  should have sent pictures of the food also xd
User 2: i want pocket money till i don't get placed so please
User 1:  this is how it should have been cse and ethical lessons go hand in hand  the life of a cs graduate jj happy birthday buddy!!!! what you upto!!???
User 2: ae thanks buddy nothing much. ez day. might go to a salon later but that's about it :p photoshoot!!!
User 1:  what time is yours?
User 2: one thousand and thirty mannnn fucking firstcslot bs
User 1: aiyo i'll come ;p
User 2: tell that to your hangover  happy birthday 
User 1: didn't have one  thanks you man  thank
User 2: lollsss thanks for coming to photoshoot loll twas a fun day
User 1: yep too good it was
User 2: except at the end when that dik bitch showed up oh i saw. so jealous it's too gkid did you make it  obviously you did
User 1:  yeah true
User 2: yeah where are you bro sorry i couldn't meet you i tried looking for but couldn't find you and then i had to leave to catch a flight i'm sure you were looking sharp. have fun!!!
User 1: how come going back home?
User 2: eh tech tatva week and mom really wanted me to come home and i was really broke rn so i decided might as well :p how did your night go!!
User 1:  it ended at 4:30 am xd fml
User 2: but didn't you have fun!!!!! was there any drama in your party
User 1: no no, not really
User 2: eh what is this did you at least get to hook up
User 1: lol, no scene with my classmates
User 2: bro
User 1: yeah
User 2: are you out drinking?
User 1: edge what you up to
User 2: let's see if rev texts back  accha okay then text me tomorrow morning did you write a cover letter for huawei? i have to write one for deakin uni so just send me the pdf if you have no
User 1:  how long have you been drinking xd not really it was a set of essays
User 2: bro i'm at home only single introverts :p oho what does a uni for where i'm applying for research expect in a cover letter?
User 2: how was your night
User 1: it's your dedication and will to do it
User 2: ah jeez
User 1: i mean, not in a cheesy way, but from a technical standpoint
User 2: help me however before 12pm tomorrow
User 1: call me after class tomorrow
User 2: too late break max
User 1: or break time
User 1: cool, call me
User 2: i really hope i make it to class tomorrow
User 1:  same xd
User 2: respected sirmadam, bro add stuff of why i'll be right for the job in the conclusion para 
User 1: did you ever use caffe or pytorch?
User 2: pytorch
User 1: respected sirmadam, i made some basic changes
User 2: thank you fam i'll send in ten
User 1: coolio what's upppp
User 2: dinner we'll order whose your roommate btw
User 1: pranav, and vishnu
User 2: oh chill chill how many j's do you want me to get :p
User 1: not really keen on smoking up, but upto you.
User 2: mai toh la raha hu
User 2: last entry is at seven no
User 1: not sure, but i guess just walk in
User 2: okay i'm going to try it what's your flat no
User 1: c four hundred and two it was actually fun, our little session today :p
User 2: when was gossip not fun?
User 1: very very true 
User 2: how baked did you get :p
User 1: a little xd
User 2: should have given you more :p or better, gotten more!
User 1: woah woah, relax buddy 
User 2: can you help me out by signing this petition? okay  it's no junior it's anushka :p
User 1: missed video call 
User 2: so yeah
User 1: jenitttt what's upp scammmmmm not cool at allllll what plans this vacation?
User 2: hello man tbh i literally wasn't allowed to sleep rn because i have to get my ids made againn and then get my laptop fixedn if there is any time left what so ever then i started a project to build a conversational ai and it was actually going pretty well. will resume that wbu?
User 1: what all ids did you lose ? all of them? that's seems pretty interesting
User 2: aadhar dl debit card and all th clubs in mumbai :) ?
User 1: i'm prepping for gre, watching silicon valley and learning random stuff on python and back end pipelining
User 2: tell sriya hi lol
User 2: django?
User 1: we both left
User 2: thank god didn't want her to to hi anyway
User 1: ye mostly, and some other packages rude 
User 2: tell me which other ones too i need to do since back end yeah you stay in dikshitas side that tends to happen :p
User 1: stfu i'm on your side only :3
User 2: and hence i'm talking to you 
User 1: rude again i guess, i'm slowly giving up on you :p
User 2: wow it's fine manipal is overb break friendship. i don't have to see you anytime soon anyway :)
User 1: drama 
User 2: no man i really want one decent south indian friend who i actually don't want to lose :)  fuck i'm too racist bro the entire manipal is going to be in bangalore yaaaa
User 1: great, wow amusing
