User 1: hey ! aashi here . happy birthday
User 2: heyy . thank youu . happy diwali 
User 1: happy diwali ! . hey !
User 2: do i have to come by 7:30 or nine
User 1: ill confirm with nirali and let you know . 9:00pm
User 2: perf
User 1: cool !
User 2: thankss
User 1:  . hey,dance practice today @2:30pm
User 2: rajkamal right
User 1: yes . where are you
User 2: where she your rn
User 1: down . whew are you ?
User 2: so apparently we spoke 
User 1: youre alive . nice . we did ! . i remember what before not after
User 2: tell me about last night because clearly i don't know
User 1: ill tell you . nothing much you just disappeared . i went and told chirag bhaiya that you are lost . then i dont know
User 2: clearly . what happened to i'm gonna drive back 
User 1: my stomach is burning . drive to hell . maybe . i dont remember what i drank . youre fine now ? . im assuming not
User 2: i'm going for a second nap man . mom left so that's fine . i want someone to fill in the missing blanks
User 1: hahahah ! . morning 8:30 i was in college . and i still am . and i drove to college somehow . craving for sleep
User 2: wtf . wtf . that's some dedication . man i woke up with such a nice scratch . i don't wanna be the only one with bruises
User 1: did the medicine help . even i banged into something . i feel the pain today . i dont remember
User 2: dentist . help . after my molar extraction it was fine, but somehow there's some residual bonetooth there . like damn small . if i fidget then my gums bleed . what to do
User 1: you need to get it extracted . otherwise there will be pus formation and infection . btw how did you hold up . if you are sure there is a small piece remaining get it extracted
User 2: what do you mean . can't i fidget and break it eventually . like i think it grew after extraction . it's thin and not even 3mm
User 1: no you cant . you wont be able to do it . monday . how was your day ?
User 2: hungover af . should have taken the pill before . and embarrassed after seeing the pics with jiju . didn't even have the balls to see the video lol
User 1: hahah ! . that was crazy . i saw it . do you want me to describe
User 2: fuck no . it's done . feelings we're exchanged . let it stay that way . also ask nirali for practice na . less than a week left for me to leave
User 1: we didnt really . or maybe i just dont remember . yeah na i . ill tell her to keep our practises this week
User 2: me and jiju
User 1: acha
User 2: all i got from you were eight miss calls . 
User 1: yeah yeah . i thought you started walking on the street and . gone
User 2: where was i but
User 1: i dont known . know . i came down to look for you . you werent there
User 2: good three hours blackout  . aww thanks
User 1: i remember stuff from that night . obviously its blurr . but not bad as a beginner
User 2: loved how you weren't gonna drink and then this . true manipal spirit
User 1: hahahah ! . but i had fun . happy high . and i was constantly texting rishabh . things ive told him
User 2: next time keep it your pants
User 1: no its okay . it was fun
User 2: texting about it was fun ? . what has mumbai descended down to
User 1: drunk texting was fun
User 2: jeez
User 1: entertained him . why
User 2: i was thinking something else . nevermind . how often do you drink man . not enough i feel
User 1: i dont . very rarely . and even if i drink . i dont get drunk
User 2: you really fucked your teens up didn't you
User 1: youve sent the messages to me only . no no .
User 2:  . sorry i was supposed to send it to dikshita .  . man i don't like extractions . especially because the surgeons seem so into it
User 1: from the other side . i dont have personal experience but my theoritcal knowledge is good
User 2: about whay
User 1: generally about things
User 2: in mumbai it's just too difficult and scary and dangerous to do anything man . everyone knows everyone . do you mind disgusting mouth pictures . im getting scared after you said the pus thing
User 1: i agree the struggle is real . its okay send . thats what i do and i have to do throughout . just go to a dentist hell remove it . 2minutes it will take . and if you can take it . he wont have to give you an injection also
User 2: fine . guess what fell lol
User 1: wohohoo . so no dentist . hey tom practise at four
User 2: cool
User 1: im assuming youve left
User 2: yas
User 1: cool . hey !
User 2: aww thankss
User 1: hey . ive sent you a picture . you have to upload it tom . with a caption
User 2: okay . nominate matlab ?
User 1: check facebook . waisr . jinesh and you have to befriend each other
User 2: man . where should i upload
User 1: facebook
User 2: okk
User 1: cool !
User 2: who is writing the text on all the pictures that we are posting
User 1: the person uploading it
User 2: i meant the '9 days to go' . that thing
User 1: israni . shes sent us all the edited pictures
User 2: man the '8days to go' looks like shit . please ask her to stick to my 9days format . and tell her not to use the word only
User 1: she has already edited all the pictures . for all the 10days . cant do anything about it
User 2: man this much editing we can do on our phones . accha chodo
User 1: dont conc on the minute details its okay
User 1: no .
User 2: i have a pass card so eh  . but yeah dresses and all my trials are happening now instead of deliveries
User 1: true . this is like too much work . did not expect it to be this hectic
User 2: i volunteered for tomorrow's work . mom's like nevermind send the office staff :
User 1: um . lack of trust: . hey !
User 2: okay thanks
User 1: shell come by 4:30
User 2: same . send niralis number na . elaborate the yashvee thing na . and no, i didn't say anything to my friend 
User 1: basically . im not sure if she is seeing someone rn
User 2: i'm more interested in the multiple guys wala part
User 1: im not sure . because there are quite a few guys i suspect . like quite a few . im extremely tired . cant function at all
User 2: man the first question she ever asked there was are you high . i was like dafaq . everyone . i'll toh have to handle mom also . as soon as possible wedding small small things are done, she'll feel the void . worse, i'll be in manipal then . dude seeing everyone's compliments, i can't wait for the sangeet video 
User 1: she is still crying . yeah,now shell be all alone . she is amazing at initiating conversations . like genuinely . and those compliments werent like the obligatory ones which one is forced to give . so yeah,im excited to watch the videos
User 2: genuine enough for them to get us married  . dikshita hates you now hahahahha . jk . dude when my bhabhi told me, i thought she was joking . but then so many people came up and said the same thing . pretty cringey . like why would an engineer marry a dentist  !
User 1: are you demeaning dentists . obviously
User 2: clearly
User 1: even rishabh walked off when my other friends were talking about the sangeet . or maybe engineers are too vela in life to understand our routine
User 2: hahahahaha . good . use it as a leverage in your relationship . we are tbh . but dentistry is like mbbs nahi mila toh karlo 
User 1: no . i opted for dentistry . i did not put mbbs as my preference
User 2: hahahah . it's fine ya . also i really hope yashvee is as hoe-y as you portraying her to be . i need my boy to get some . he's keeps getting hit on by ugly chicks . let's hope this is turns out to be fruitful 
User 1: complicated . i dont know if he will
User 2: god is great dw . accha do you know if jheal will be spending tonight over here or there
User 1: no i have no clue . even i was asking mom if bhabhi will be here or there . she did not rely she was very busy
User 2: jenit institute of dance af
User 1: on point . it actually looks good
User 2: jiju and jheal are staying here tonight . you also come
User 1: i have college tom . too much work
User 2: i already told dikshita only she will be doing things this valentine's . ten days holiday ! . rip
User 1: hahahah ! . doing thinhs
User 2: i know you havent done all this but normally you need two people  . she can't be the only one doing it . so naive dude i love it 
User 1: brother soemthing called as riding him . she is the active one
User 2: you seem to be knowing a lot hmm
User 1: my knowledge is not deficient .  ? . you still have 14more days to plan
User 2: or you have daily practicals too who knows . i took ten days off from studying na
User 1: who knows
User 2: i'll study then . plus she's very rachel-ish, if she doesn't like it then deayh
User 1: aww sad
User 2: bro send here only
User 1: oh gosh . listen my parents no nothing . so shush
User 2: okay da
User 1: and i certainly doubt its going to be a happy secret
User 2: the secret is that anushi is dating . i'd say thats pretty happy 
User 1: its official now
User 2: my mom isn't into fucked up gossip  . oh . rishta ?
User 1: yeah
User 2: wtf
User 1: shell probably get married next year . your parents told my parents
User 2:  . no on tells me anything man
User 1: yesterday . when we went out for dinner . too fat . too far
User 2: don't even know about this .  . adopted i may be
User 1: i like the acceptance
User 2: yashvee and mayur almost dating
User 1: woho . please give me details . im intrigued
User 2: he said he'll tell us when is official . but like they met tons of times . i've told him to watch youtube videos . let's hope he doesn't fuck it up
User 1: ohkay . amazing . i hope this ends up somewhere . whats your friends full name ?
User 2: mayur satra . don't talk to her about it . this isn't good right
User 1: looks like some crack . did you get drunk and this happened
User 2: no . i actually normally slipped . i tried to push my none in but broke it after slipping
User 1: matter of concern . things happen when you are not drunk . yesterday . i met anushis brother . and sister in law . when i was out with rishabh . just took a u turn from there and we went to some other place
User 2: i can't code or write i think my concerns are larger 
User 1: truee
User 2: man i don't want to take a gap year
User 1: is it paining that bad . does not look that majors . youll be fine within weeks
User 2: not all all . i shattered it into 7-8 pieces
User 1: wowowwoee e . hows your hand ? . i mean what did the doctor say ?
User 2: he wasn't there today . going tomorrow again
User 1: how fancyy . okay this is quite creepy . but . woho
User 2: lol . i'd like tot take the credit . i have been forcing him to hook up since so long . he's toh too scared . sad
User 1: hes taking it slow
User 2: it's been three months
User 1: true
User 2: didnt you say yashvee is a bit experienced ? how come she is tolerating such slow things lol
User 1: quite surprised
User 2: that experienced ?
User 1: not opening my mouth more
User 2: tell da . no judgements here
User 1: not its because im not sure about the stories ive heard
User 2: aashii
User 1: hi !
User 2: so you know i'm in kasol right . or like a trip to the north
User 1: yes . saw your story . hows it going ?
User 2: so guess who was smoking up in the adjacent table in a cafe . on
User 1: who who ?
User 2: sangeet and pool party host renuka
User 1: oh you managed to recognise her . did you kinda talk to her or something
User 2: arre i'm with friends who were at the wedding and they said they recognized her and then i recollected . we had many awkward stares and mutually decided that we never saw anyone loll . i don't like to talk i'm shy
User 1: alright . hows your trip going ?
User 2: good good . such clean air idk how to react
User 1: hahah !
User 2: happy birthdayy !
User 1: thank you !
User 2: miss to dr . pretty big  energy kinda feeling .
User 1: hehehe ! . definitely thank you ! . yo !
User 2: haha thank you . happy diwali aashi 
User 1: happy diwali !
