User 1: arya kills night king shivvv even we are planning to go suggest places no we are confused manali kasol for sure tell one more place
User 2: in kasol come to hostellers and its just so sorted dude then from the hostel itself theyll take you to places grahan is damnnn goood so ducking pretty we went for a trek like one day you go there and reach and then stay there for a night and come back the next day you get good stuff there then theres kheerganga thats a trek too tosh and mcleodganj bir billing manali is too mainstream ya dude then there are other places too youll need 5-6 days in kasol its crazy here for you guys
User 1: wtf did you go there
User 2: we might not have been there before i mean if you wanna see places
User 1: four kasol two manali and 1tosh is it good enough?
User 2: if you just wanna chill then probably just stay here dude if you guys like treks then grahan is a place to visit see come to kasol i counted tosh and all in it two days kasol,1grahan 1tosh then go to manali or bir billing or mcleodganj tosh,kheerganga,grahan all come under kasol only like theyre just villages kasol in the city centre types
User 1: see this is definitely not happening ha exactly
User 2: yeahh
User 1: so start from manali then kasol then tosh then kasol again and back
User 2: cool cool
User 1: traveling wise makes sense right
User 2: or come to kasol first
User 1: but then while going back we'll be tired and manali to chandigarh is longer than kasol to chandigarh
User 2: no but why do you wanna go to chandigarh just go to delhi na
User 1: chandigarh manali is eight hours and chandigarh kasol is six
User 2: arey
User 1: from delhi it takes twelve for both
User 2: delhi to bhuntar bhuntar to kasolis you dont have to go to manali kasol is on a different side
User 1: arre these guys want to go to manali also what to say
User 2: haan so go na but come from delhi to bhuntar overnight bus then bhuntar to kasol then go to places in kasol
User 1: arre this is still eleven hours. why can't i just go from chandigarh
User 2: then from kasol you go to manali why do you wanna
User 1: because it's lesser travelling from chandigarh to anyplace than delhi to any place???
User 2: arey but its convenient
User 2: or chandigarh to bhuntar and from bhuntar to kasol duh end mei go to manali and then from there chandi
User 1: arre but why have such a long journey of shorter ones are possible?! i already don't like traveling in bus also how many days have you gone for
User 2: see we wanted to do a trip of min ten days cause vacation cause its convenient ya like flights and all plus buses are good from delhi
User 1: we already got the perfect things. it's just that these chuts can't fucking decide the internal places  can you believe i'm missing eid in dubai for this shit arghhh we are getting volva sleeper
User 2: whyy dude
User 1: should be fine
User 2: youre stupid man im telling you
User 1: arre friends are leaving for masters so might as well
User 2: dont stay a manali for long cause its too crowded ohh okay
User 1: if we bunk this then tell one place we can go manala is in kasol only?
User 2: yes you can go there too but see if its a trek or what cause most of the places here you have to trek to malana tosh grahan go to tosh then go to malana
User 1: tosh we already are no one wants to trek so much
User 2: haan malana is also a trek of an hour from the taxi stop and carry backpacks dont carry suitcases kasol chalal rashol
User 1: yeah have to get all that now lol did you get a sleeping bag too? like if you're staying in the tent overnight manali they want to do  are y'all going to malana? doubt it
User 2: you dont need that cause there are himestays and hostels here book thru hostel theyll do everything for you
User 1: but what about overnight at tosh?
User 2: homestays book a hostel then theyll tell you stuff
User 1: bro you missed today's episode so good cool also are yall doing river rafting
User 2: nope theres no river rafting in kasol and its cold shut up i watched
User 1: i like your priorities haha
User 2: hahaha
User 1: what are you actually getting for zahra
User 2: idk we dont gift anymore
User 1: accha then actually just something sweet only i'll get lol
User 2: yeah cool
User 1: in kasol where did you stay
User 2: the hostellers wbu
User 1: man we want zostel but it's booked and what about manali? good no?
User 2: we didnt go to manali
User 1: like teen crowd na?
User 2: yesss closest to the main market and all broo
User 1: sup
User 2: what time you going?
User 1: i just texted her and she said tell the time in some
User 2: 4:30 na
User 1: yes
User 2: coools missed voice call
User 1: the eedibles were not good right
User 2: idk you can try
User 1: ask jay no these people are getting too excited and buyi g everything
User 2: text him 
User 1: i shy
User 2: its fine text hes chill
User 1: no
User 2: yes
User 1: what cafes to go in kasol
User 2: shiva mama shiva cafe then when you get down of the hostellers theres this pizza place you reached kasol? evergreen cafe is okayish tho then theres king falafel this ones the best
User 1: just that climb is so bad i died through thrice
User 2: hahahahah i feel you have funn you called
User 1: so listen i am at an interview thing
User 2: okayy
User 1: and they are offering proper job description
User 2: ohh
User 1: but the thing is that it's for placement (like after engineering may 2020) and it pays less and it is in mumbai
User 2: haa
User 1: i don't want to stay in mumbai for a yeat
User 2: later youll get paid more
User 1: and get paid less
User 2: why not dudestarting is fine i mean its on you
User 1: bro i've been away for four fucking years i can't stay at home
User 2: people i know are getting paid like around 8lacs  in mumbai okayyy
User 1: i'm getting little more than this but it's less for engineering. i have chances at companies offering fucking 29.5l ctc so i'm confused and need your input.
User 2: ohhh but i mean id prefer staying in mumbai but if you wanna go out for now then you can in mumbai youll get paid thoda less i feel its on you now
User 1: thank you. i'll tank it
User 2: hahaha okayy
User 1: happy birthday lil girl
User 2: thank you so muchhhh
User 1: are you actually pissed off?
User 2: no ya  i mean i dont care
User 1: see i'm not going to lie by saying i was joking. it's just my type ya. not trying to be derogatory
User 2: okayyy chill but you should change it
User 1: yeah fine that shouldn't be a type true. but like itna make up i can't bro
User 2: thats finee make up even i cant
User 1: but yes i'll do that :p
User 2: but chuck who cares  i dont put make up myself but make up does wonders to people and it looks nice when you know how to apply it zahra does well tho that much i like usse zyada i cant
User 1: yeah but like last night's girl didn't  true
User 2: ohhh  loll
User 1: eyebrows par who adds black shit mannnn
User 2: were you like lost last night people who dont have do looks good ya but she doesnt know how to apply makeup  find a better chuck or else wait for a few years dont be desperate ohhhh achaaa nice nicee
User 1: what is our girl doing 9:40?
User 2: leave by 9:30 and be under her bldg by nine hundred and forty or nine hundred and thirty-five bldg idk wait
User 1: .... i leave?
User 2: yes leave now
User 1: o k
User 2: ya
User 1: where are you
User 2: just got done where are yall
