User 1: score mile toh batana
User 2: ha bhai
User 1: i'm pushing one five hundred if you still want it
User 2: yepp . i want
User 1: cool . aayega ? . or else i'll be going to campus in the evening
User 2: batata hu ruk . quant bol
User 1: bro itna nahi pata . it's bombing
User 2: bro it looks like the end ka shit
User 1: tbh it is . but high ho rahe hai . incase you take from me later i'll get you buds in that . but isme hai hi nahi . bt i know . bata bhai
User 2: bro kal score krwa dega kya
User 1: i keep this one for you for tomorrow ?
User 2: bro agar better mil jaye to wo bhi chalega . tu high hua kya isme ?
User 1: fuck yeah .  . a building guy agreed to split but backed out in the morning . and i don't want a 1k score with me during sessional week
User 1: won't score for some time now . sorry
User 2: acha
User 1: just let me know
User 2: then give tomorrow . i'll take
User 1: chal cool
User 2: bro .  . kaha se lu
User 1: ghar aaja
User 2: ata hu
User 1: when you coming . bro le raha hai ? . jaldi bata . bhai ajeeb chutiya hai tu
User 2: bro sorry . this arusha kept changing plans . and we were supposed to score
User 1: reply toh karta . i saved it for you and didn't push for two days
User 2: sorry bhai . i was out since yesterday afternoon . not picking it up tonight . sorrz
User 1: are you talking about rev as well ? 
User 2: no i don't know about rev
User 1: accha chal alright . bro your roommate is back right
User 2: yeah what happened ?
User 1: nothing chill good . goodnight
User 2: bro listen . the  was too fucking less . like it was literally two joints with tobe
User 1: bro kua baat karbraha hai . we're taking 12-14 shots total . and he checked it . aren't shounak and vighnesh saying the opposite thing
User 2: two h bhai . vig is right
User 1: accha cool thanks . bro . scoring
User 2: bol
User 1: got good stuff
User 2: nah . i scored yesterday
User 1: accha chal chill hai . ai ja kya scene 
User 2: fuck that shit . kal dekhenge . abhi kon padega
User 1: i know you're home but do you know any one pushing ?
User 2:  . nah bro
User 1: you got iaeste ?
User 2: yeah bro . i won a cobe offer . in cardiff university
User 1: damn son . what's the jd ?
User 2: deep learning
User 1: damn son
User 2: a guidedog for blind people . avoids obstruction and guides them . got lucky bruv
User 1: milana baas . let's hope visa comes through
User 2: ha bhai . hopefully it will . no ratta . and the agent is the one who got muskaan the visa for uk . so it's chill
User 1: sort man
User 2: hanji . yo wtf . why'd you quit the group
User 1: bro i'm not really in the best place right now . i'm just distancing and evaluating stuff . tell those guy no offense obviously . leave this out tho . i hope you understand
User 2: chal peace . take care . here if you wanna talk about anything
User 1: thanks a lot man . but i'll figure this out myself . mostly just over thinking like we all do but yeah . :)
User 2: chal peace peace . kitna aya
User 1:  . 7 .95 bro . i'll give everything for reval loo . you ?
User 2: 8 .45 . bhai ye coursera wale gand maar rhe h . 8 .8 . 8 .9 . hamare aa hi nhi rhe
User 1:  . ml internals we're 45 .5 . b aaya bc
User 2: bhai . cd m c . kya h ye . it's reeval time
User 1: i'm going four papers . only 0 .05 needed for eight might as well
User 2: ho jayega
User 1: tera visa and mere marks allah ke haath mai
User 2: visa mil jata h easily :3 . uk is chill
User 1: you applied right ? . when will you get it ?
User 2: i applied yesterday . i have priority visa . so like probably in three four days . my agent said thursday
User 1: and then when are ou flying ?
User 2: 25th may
User 1: damn ! chal all the best bro !
User 2: thanks bud
User 1: just fyi i havent registered for sap so just ignore it . postpone ho raha hai
User 2: chutiya  .
User 1: bhai eom mai proxy try kar yaar please
User 2: ha
User 1: thankss
User 2: bro come for the assignment
User 1: rip . bhand hu . atb
User 2:  . chill or . kr . no assignment
User 1:  ?
User 2: nahi h bhai
User 1: what was that paper then ?
User 2: kuch bhi tha . ainvayi timepass
User 1: epitome of bt
User 2: lol
User 1: is it c two hundred and one onky ?
User 2: na na . three hundred and one
User 1: chal thankss
User 2: chill h bro
User 1: all the best eith the dropping by :p
User 2: nah nah . now i won't .  . she is chill only
User 1: i guess . tu kitna bandh hai 
User 2: normal hu bhai . not drunk
User 1: bro csrankings ka bata how do i go on about it
User 2: go to csrankings and pick areas of interest and it'll give you that ranking
User 1: yeah yeah all that i got . im saying process of picking and contacting professors . bhai aram se free hokar samjhana
User 2: that's upto you na bro . go to their website . and see their work
User 1: and how to email them ? . like what should the body contain and all ?
User 2: write these things
User 1: and also if i really understand some paper i can write an alternative approach or something ?
User 2: yeah that too
User 1: also kafi jagah likha hai that only phd students can apply and all . they'll specify if undergrads are allowed explicitly right ?
User 2: yeah that's sucks . try your luck anyways . nah they won't
User 1: bt . chal thanks
User 2: issa chill
User 1: what is nominal inflection
User 2: making nouns
User 1: when do you need it
User 2: actually fuck it . don't want
User 1: gg . please get my lab manual . need it todau
User 2: yeah . did anyone give sessional copies ?
User 1: nope
User 2: sun .  h ?
User 1: discretion rakh le bhai
User 2: sorry bhai
User 1: bro . ladayi karte hai woh post par . with the one who is insulting us
User 2: nah bro
User 1: bt hai tu
User 2: aa na . chal
User 1: chod tu
User 2: arre disappoint hi ho gya tu . can you get me something to eat
User 1: aagaya wapis
User 2: mkl
User 1: you have three rolls for class party right
User 2: yeah
User 1: sort sort . score ka idea hai kya ?
User 2: kaha hai
User 1: rolling ka kya scene
User 2: sidhant ke ghar pe karenge . score kr rha hu
User 1: sort sort . when tho
User 2: chutiya
User 1: fought with the gyard . maza aya . coming in t . five
User 2: aja
User 1:  . tiwari pauch gaye, m
User 2: ha
User 1: bro what you wearing ? . not sure . don't think sk . we didn't do it . bro thank you for all your help . maa chud jati nahi toh  . also, you didn't spend much no ?
User 2: nah bro . chill out . anytime for you my g
User 1: school senior . i can get you in contact with him
User 2: is he studying there ? . usc ?
User 1: yes
User 2: then plis
User 1: college jaa raha hu . aakar text karta hu
User 2: okay . lodo why did you canvel . cancel
User 1: i'm so baked fuck . sorry i pocket dialed 
User 2: chutiye . rishab is on that . delete
User 1: i'll delete you do too
User 2:  . a) i told you that in confidence
User 1: we too fuck all 
User 2: noone else knew bitch
User 1: and no one read it . arre i thought we do hangout people knew
User 2: nah bro . thank lord
User 1: change the topic . arusha ki lete hai
User 2: ha
