User 1: ..........
User 2: ya same
User 1: i hate gk dude
User 2: who that
User 1: general knowledge?
User 2: lioko white da
User 1: ok dont pick not buyin these
User 1: missed video call r u mad
User 2: i couldn't see properly loo later send
User 1: lame
User 2: arre my friend was there and network was bad jeez i'm not a perv ya have fun
User 1: ???? okkk
User 2: i don't know what's happening
User 1: retard
User 2: too cross faded
User 1: fuck hahaha idiot
User 2: fuck i'm passing out good night
User 1: isnt it too fckn early
User 2: i'm too fucked you're sober no snapchat good night
User 1: very dude
User 2: how was it how's the hangover lol okay then
User 1: hi bad day whats up
User 2: what happened
User 1: hangover and i was on a cleaning spree and now i have to go pray namaz lol with a hangover
User 2: what time did you wake up at
User 1: 8-9ish lol
User 2: pagal dude i finally got moneyyy had to ask dad only finally we are finally going for a date 
User 1: hahahahahaha so cute where will yall even go in manipur 
User 2: pal there are many places bro
User 1: same shiz and dw i know ones in the east and the other is in the south ooooo have funnnn
User 2: this is mine btw already back
User 1: i know 
User 2: everything shuts by eleven lol
User 1: dude when i was in goa cause of elections. they stopped serving alcohol after 10:30 and the place used to shut by eleven imagine goa
User 2: that very sad i went during such a nice time ah good trip at one point during the night i was swimming with my clothes on  
User 1: mine was a crazy trip too amazing food amazing place places beautiful beaches what else   this emoticon looks so pretentious
User 2: probably why you use it you still haven't showed me last night's drrss
User 1: suck a dick didnt click any pictures lel but why didnt you see when i was videocallinng
User 2: gg
User 1: i looked 1010 mindfuck dude last night was waste of time and money
User 2: dude i was so fucked i couldn't see straight so mumbai
User 1: dumbass i feel like i shouldnt go wo my bf
User 2: i drank alcohol after over two months
User 1: what rubbish
User 2: cute guys don't flirt? antibiotics tha na for so long
User 1: they do its a waste of effort so this one guy asked me a million questions after which he went like are you seeing anyone .... i was like chutiya why you wasting my time
User 2: lollll was he cute
User 1: ohhhh but now youre completely fine? wait checking for pic
User 2: that wouldn't have made a difference even if saquib wasn't there na yes back to normal
User 1: no as in saquib makes everything fun idk how much can u see in this then this other guy who hooked up w maulika
User 2: oo
User 1: finds me cute??? im like u thic
User 2: doesn't everyone
User 1: lol
User 2: need to find someone for a threesome man. dik agreed a girl
User 1: wtf i dont think she took your seriously
User 2: nono she's seriois
User 1: then shes retarded like legit
User 2: why
User 1: what is wrong w her i wouldnt let no hoe touch my boy
User 2: only with a girl not girl lol experience but some things need to be experienced
User 1: nah cant imagine a guy na
User 2: no. me and dik and a girl
User 1: so imagine a guy and tell me if you still would wanna
User 2: arree she also doesn't want a guy and i obviously don't
User 1: shes psycho bro
User 2: arre man next relationship level but yeah relationship not the best. she's still pissed about the time i threatened that guy
User 1: oopsie dude tbh i really think moksha and sathya are like siblings
User 2: no mam it's a good relationship don't ruin it you're to definitely not the happiest in your relationship
User 1: arey its damn cute what does this mean
User 2: what it says how's your relationship
User 1: 1) says the guy who liked me lol
User 2: man how is that even relevant
User 1: 2) we satisfy each other enough to not want a third person in the relationship cause this
User 2: aiyo i'm not offending you man sorry jeez
User 1: if i wasnt the happiest, wouldnt i go around seeking for love elsewhere you clearly have the wrong idea about my relationship
User 2: i'm sorry let's forget about this thank you for clearing it out. not sarcasm. we just don't talk often so i need to get updated no
User 1: :)
User 2: we should talk more often dude need help
User 1: say
User 2: you remember the guy i threatened no then ultimatum one so dikshita and i have been fighting very badly she's like i want to sort things out with him i'm like i told you for two years to tell that guy to back off thoda and you didn't do anything
User 1: dude why is she so obsessed with him
User 2: and then when i interfered she's like wtf she doesn't have many friends man he was her good class friend she's like wtf am i supposed to do in class and all
User 1: she doesnt have anybody else in class?
User 2: not really like most of them stopped talking her after the incident
User 1: what incident ?
User 2: me threatening the guy
User 1: but why did they stop talking to her thats so weird
User 2: man small town boys ek kiya toh sab karo
User 1: wtf is this mentality forget it
User 2: village
User 1: let her sort it out if she actually doesnt have anyone to talk to but tell her to draw a line and as long as she doesnt like him its chill
User 2: she doesn't and never did cool thanks love you
User 2: i actually appreciate the help the fight was too bad
User 1: but if shes so persistent, she must be feeling quite left out
User 2: remember i broke dikshitas phone? now i have to use a dabba phone next sem and give her my phone
User 1: wtf when?
User 2: 6th lol the day i texted you for advice i landed
User 1: no wonder mumbai is already getting on my nerves hehehehe welcome back
User 2: are you back
User 1: thats damn fucked up from?
User 2: lonavala
User 1: yep got back yesterday only
User 2: what time you picking me up at
User 1: post dinnerrr ask shivs also reunion will happen
User 2: too late she isn't here
User 1: why
User 2: she's on a trip
User 1: oh yeah lols i forgot
User 2: going with school paine mostly
User 1: why not after dinner but
User 2: people
User 1: areyyy i have to go for namaz at 6:30 to 7:45
User 2: you meet me in the even and get me food
User 1: 4:30 gym 4:30-5:30 come back take a shower and ill have to get ready
User 2: so don't go to gym today
User 1: i havent in five days 
User 2: so don't irritate on the first day aaj chalo
User 1: bro legit cant today ive told trainer also bitch why arent you free after dinner
User 2: kebabs khane hai mujhe with you after dinner strains don't do this come okay first day man
User 1: strains? oh f off no meet me after dinner
User 2: chal i'll let you know the plan
User 1: yes
User 2: not meeting
User 1: why i didnt order food at home cuz u said well meet 
User 2: i told you i'm meeting my friends
User 1: fine
User 2: tomorrow you're not fasting right tell
User 1: i an am
User 2: liat
User 1: meet after dinner dont annoy
User 2: arre what are you doing before iftar and namaaz
User 1: studying dumb shit
User 2: meet me dude i'm very demotivated and i hate the feeling i'm very sad
User 1: why
User 2: i thought coming to mumbai was going to be better. but even my sister isn't here i miss her man and i miss dikshita also and since i have literally nothing to do all i can do is think about that be sad and waste time i'm planning yo make vacation plan but till then i'm feeling very void
User 1: youre just creating unnecessary problems  watch some netflix try applying for an internship here
User 2: true eh i'm legit applying still but mostly too late today i'll here about my last opportunity lol
User 1: tell dad to use contacts na
User 2: let's hope it comes through man all dad's contacts are in commerce or something this is also through contacts lol
User 1: lol same or else i would help
User 2: that also army contacts
User 1: banks and shiz
User 2: so mostly should work
User 1: dude even my law will be messed up dad has no contacts how will i get internship
User 2: merit 
User 1: nah law doesnt work that way so saquibs bffs brother told me hell get me in k.c.national in bandra he has contacts never been so happier
User 2: wah college also sort join kc only south so finally you'll know what shit i suffered in 12th
User 1: hehehehe lets hope i get into a good college
User 2: also i can't meet at night ha jheal and jiju are coming over
User 1:  ill try in the evening
User 2: please i'll come whenever lol
User 1: if im in the mood to study then no
User 2: ok
User 1: you want to see a monkey swimming in my pool to brighten up your day?
User 2: sure
User 1: thank me later
User 2: that's actually funny lmai
User 1: told you it would brighten up your day i was wondering if i met u what would we eat
User 2: whatever you want seeing that youre clearly not studying
User 1: also youre picking me up
User 2: when
User 1: if we meet
User 2: wah so you waste time and then study and then iftaar and waht not great
User 1: studying rn na bitch
User 2: im simultaneously becoming more and more depressed
User 1: what is ur issue why you pmsing you give me alan vibes from two 12 me me men
User 2: dude the worst part is i feel like him which is scaring the shit out of me
User 1: cuz youre behaving like that
User 2: and you should realise im literally feeling so shit and youre not even ready to chill just fucking around
User 1: gosh im studying rn to chill in the evening i usually never study in the afternoon also ive to be back home by 6:30 ha
User 2: we'll touch mazagaon and come back okay the traffic is going to be bad
User 1: what to eat in mazgoan reach my house by five sharp dont be late
User 2: k
User 1: ?? we can go to carters blue and get a shawarma
User 2: idk it was sarcasm
User 1: well come back in 1.5 hours
User 2: okay
User 1: im a g say it leave in ten !!!!!
User 2: ok
User 1: leave now
User 2: fine jeez
User 1: annoying
User 2: leaving ha
User 1: i told u to leave ten mins before come fasttttt
User 2: yes yes
User 1: whereee
User 2: you come down i'll be there in five
User 1: dickhead
User 2: jheal and jiju are over for dinner i couldn't make it pass dinner now i'm locked in my room
User 1: meaning?
User 2: man when she came she's like why you all dull and then dad is like yeah i didn't see you much since you came but you seem off and then i just started crying
User 1: listen babe its going to be alright everyone goes through difficult phases when nothing seems to be going their way but every bad thing doesnt last too long its all going to fall in place dont worry
User 2: yeah till then what an i supposed to do i can't even divert my mind to work because i don't have a job
User 1: watch some movies and chill theres nothing you can do
User 2: thank you chal good night dikshitas phone can't get repaired
User 1: but repairing it didnt make sense also
User 2: guess which phone i'm going to be using next sen
User 1: does it have whatsapp lol?
User 2: i mean yeah note five not the worst but well
User 1: then youre good to go
User 2: i won't be able to pubgg
User 1: yuck
User 2: does saquib play 
User 1: you think?
User 2: you do realize the more you try to portray him as a man he becomes that much lesser right? pubg khelne see you don't become a kid maybe?
User 1: dude he doesnt play pubg he plays pokemon go numerous phone games cricket football what u satin sayin
User 2: so what's this about
User 1: cuz pubg is ew and a waste of time
User 2: i mean you know i'd explain you how you're wrong but i know you since five years now, i know explaining you is just a waste of time so :)
User 1: smd have fun alone the entire three months 
User 2: you want me to be more depressed no
User 1: lolsipu then dont hate on me
User 2:  they really like you
User 1: everyone loves me bitch
User 2: you also talk like this about behind my back okay
User 1: people should share the same views about you too na
User 2: spread those view then bbe
User 1: i bought such pretty tops for me maulika and suramya damn beautssss
User 2: where's mine
User 1: their bday on 15th mine on 25th
User 2: eh i don't like all this this is nice tho
User 1: its beautssss maulika lives on all these clothes
User 2: man these are hoe clothes why not be princess instead
User 1: this me this then them
User 2: aww you stay like this only
User 1: yes hehehe
User 2: did you wish your mother
User 1: yes duh i gifted her my love and my presence and bought myself clothes
User 2: yeah man you went to shop why didnt you get her something too waste sperm
User 1: arey she also bought her kurtas and stuff dw man
User 2:  what you doing
User 1: something youre not
User 2: so you're wasting time?
User 1: stfu pls tell me what efficient work are you upto enlighten me pls
User 2: i'm writing a report on different types of optimizers used in machine learning
User 1: im reading current affairs so its a win win
User 2: you can do that in the morning with a news paper 
User 1: no u dumb shit this is all intense stuff
User 2: what about to tell
User 1: ill show you when i get home rn 
User 2: lollll you go to the moque everyday?
User 1: i just have to go to the 33rd floor namaz happens on the refugee
User 2: refugee?
User 1: refuge floor lol autocorrect
User 2: just call it shelter jeez
User 1: but its a refuge floor not a shelter wtf
User 2: when do you go for refuge? when you need shelter from something no
User 1: yeah but shelter sounds so tacky we call it the refugee floor
User 2: i feel girls like you are the reason i left mumbai almost as bad as south delhi girls ish whatever the name may be, when theres a disaster you'll go there only na
User 1: but the building calls it a refugee floor can we call it that too and not act smart
User 2: you should call it that only i only meant that you can call it shelter but yeah, you're toh godrej. ya'll have to be extra otherwise doesn't make sense having so much money na
User 2: i speak only the truth wanna chill today??
User 1: after dinner?? havent studied yesterday
User 2: even i'm mostly going on the trip that shivani is on sure bb
User 1: when
User 2: june sometime haven't booked yet
User 1: crazyyy looks beautiful where she is ive been to manali
User 2: best hash in the worldddd
User 1: river rafting so good
User 2: i heard it's not great like the flow so we might skip thay and bodies will already be tired from drugs and trekking dude we found a place that's sells omlette with shrooms
User 1: no it was fun ive done it level three weirdo i dont think i have the balls to try anything except for weedhash
User 2: ooo shrooms i'm on the fence. these guys want to do acid and stuff too but i'm definitely not doing that need to draw a line somewhere
User 1: zeenat has done acid yeah then the next thing will be coke and shiz no cant do
User 2: exactly and we are stupid people might as well control the stupidity you going to study now????? like in the afternoon
User 1: exactly gym rn studying in the afternoon w my bf
User 2: man i'll go today hopefully
User 1: where do you go
User 2: haven't started yet so a new horizon 
User 1: but where
User 2: can i come to godrej hehe
User 1: 100- a day lol which doesnt make sense or does it ? idk the rate
User 2: .
User 1: it does ?
User 2: place where my friends are going is charging 8k for one month and thirty-five for a year
User 1: where ?
User 2: incline fitness
User 1: but guests are only allowed three times a week or something ill read the rules and tell u
User 2: ha please. if i have someone then atleast i'll have the motivation lol
User 1: cool wait after im done with my workout
User 2: shouldn't take long then
User 1: its been an hour almost just ten mins treadmill left
User 2: okay okay
User 1: three times in a month lol not week max number of times
User 2: wah hogaya gyming dude i need to get in shape before the trip
User 1: lol for what
User 2: trekking and all
User 1: oh i thought cuz you want to look good or something that ship has sailed bby
User 2: man i just need to drink a shit ton of water then the glow up is too good you'll see dikshita has body shamed me enough. time to make it up
User 1: does she work out? that shes body shaming you
User 2: naaa but she's still hot man whenever she becomes chubby she just stops eating 
User 1: lolsipu
User 2: we meeting?
User 1: what time?
User 2: i bend according to your needs m'lady
User 1: 9:40?
User 2: 9:50ish come pick me up
User 1: stfu sorry stfu
User 2: i come now?
User 1: smd going to soho house
User 2: soho?
User 1: this place in juhu maulika suramyas bday tom
User 2: okay have fun
User 2: drunk enough? replyyyyy i want to get entertained to arghhh i'm sure some guy is hitting on you rn and you're having fun
User 1: not drunk bro getting high now rolled this 
User 2: aww not bad
User 1: pre roller dumb
User 2:  also you me weekend shopping for me? i need shoes and shit
User 1: coolsie bro i have to go for lunch again now
User 2: with?
User 1: suramyas celebrating it now
User 2:  weed hangover?
User 1: hehehe no not really have to get dressed and go
User 2: dude i'm on my way to an interview i'm so embarrassed dad was hurrying me so i forgot my bely my watch and the semi formals i have are too tight so i'm wearing loafers  it's a startup yeah but stillll urgh
User 1: issok i belive in you youll get it
User 2: allah merban lol didnt i text you the same thing hahah
User 1: what same thing check their stories out @suramyasrivastava @thegirlwithabs
User 2: i was like are you busy getting hit on by people that you aren't replying hehe okay
User 1: hahahaha so cute
User 2: you really spent time with that make up na highlighting and other things i don't even know
User 1: no bro half an hour
User 2: goodone
User 1: you know everything 
User 2: shhhh. don't tell your friends that or maybe do ? that's how you get into girl gangs
User 1: keep quiet  check their stories and tell me how im looking
User 2: i already did man . you expect me to properly elaborate no?
User 1: heheheheh yes ofc
User 2: no ask your bf if he isn't too busy for you lel
User 1: he sees me like this all the time  
User 2: dw bby you look on point :)
User 1: thnx i always do i dont want to drive to the suburbs again dude im done bas
User 2: this is precisely why i don't like to elaborate 
User 2: i'm on my way to fucking thane
User 1: wtfff come to the airport from thane ill give you a ride home
User 2: i'll join you for lunch thanks
User 1: sahara star 
User 2: pick up the guy eating vada pav on the road that gonna be me
User 1: done put on some boobs and ill take you in as my gfff
User 2: you too  
User 1: oh pls smd
User 2: what time tho
User 1: 4ish ill leave i think bitch has a 10pm flight so we wont be chilling for too long
User 2: doubt i'll take that long. let's see i'll update
User 1: coolsie dudeee guess what wtf
User 2: say ....
User 1: i found hash in my bag and i dont remember whose is it
User 2:  oooo dude we'll smoke sort from airport to home finalllyyyy 
User 1: but i need to know whose is it
User 2: doesn't matter. if someone trusted you with it, they don't mind you smoking some of it
User 2: that's all lot for someone to just forget so in?
User 1: yeah na dw how much is it
User 2: how druggy do you think i'm that i'll just know by looking wth
User 1: obv you should know whats the point of you smokinng that much then
User 2: i smoke hash only in mumbai potbyou send no i'll tell up to two decimal places
User 1: ooo lolsipu i think its painters dude
User 1: like saq doesnt smoke hash so i cant even ask him or else hell be like where tf did u get it from
User 2: what about the girls
User 1: weed only and bro no girl will forget their stash
User 2: the only thing we can do is to destroy only the evidence hahahahahhaha
User 1: smart or maybe zee like very rare possibility
User 2: this is zeenat
User 1: yeah thats zee for sure shell forget fuck up is bc of time diff hell reply in the evening till then itll be a mystery
User 2: not like you'll save it for him till he comes back lel
User 1: no r u mad  just trying to solve a mystery
User 2: which airport do you want me to come to bro sahara is 35km away from where i am lollll i'll see i'll come but i'm going to get done very fast mostly oops how about i walk the 35km i think i'll reach by four
User 1: dont stress i know all this effort is just for the hash
User 2:  you know me well also i'm done 
User 1: lol go back home
User 2: okay lel welcome
User 1: thnx bae
User 2: because you're lucky to have me 
User 1: stfu
User 1: im so exhausted dude i cant even
User 2: too much driving il ik
User 1: yeah and wearing heels all the time i feel like im thirty already
User 2: everyone is there only man i feel i become damn shitty after coming to mumbai i'm lashing out on mom like every second arghhh why did my sister had to get married i feel like i live in a fucking coffin tbh
User 1: arey re how did the interview go
User 2: it wasn't an interview i found that out at that time itself lol it was more like learn all this by tuesday and you're in so that
User 1: crazy so you got a job one thing is done so dicks phone
User 2: so this is her dad at the airport today she reached kolkata today shes definitely getting a new phone
User 2: not yet man. he wants me to implement and shit too
User 1: 9.77? gpa? implement what
User 2: yeah man she topped her entire branch research paper
User 1: bro wtf is her parents problem then
User 2: difficult stuud stuff
User 1: my parents would do my aarti acha but you can do it
User 2: they said no before the result
User 1: cuz ur smart na oh lol
User 2: they prolly will tonight lolll
User 1: when did the result come? why
User 2: i'll do my best man what else 14th
User 1: yes i believe in u lol so now both your problems sorted
User 2: aiyo dont be itna sweet. just be nice when im depressed and not when im neutral fucking creeping me out ily
User 1: and this isnt even half of it gosh ok ew
User 2: wtf?! its like youre the ipl chick viral affff how come suddenly so many?
User 1: cuz sur and maul have been tagging me in stories bro they have 50k-60k followers each
User 2: what did saquib say hagaga
User 1: im so done w this aghhhh
User 2: hahahahahaha show the total number on insta
User 1: after one thousand the number stops showing like it shows one thousand only
User 2:  see at least we have concrete proof now that you are hot shut up and study
User 1: das what im doing peace out m8 bitch check sc now na
User 2: urgh fine this is sin' not allowed during ramzan stop doing this man you're penetrating my eye
User 1:  have you seen my brother ?
User 2: yeah one hundred times atleast you don't need a dna test my girl version looks too ugly i look like the girl whom i wouldn't look at
User 1:  send me the snap!!! dont we look fckn similar
User 2: na
User 1: pleaseeee dont annoy
User 2: no wtf she's so much more prettier don't insult this is just baddd also delete https:youtu.beup2jtkrvluc
User 1: shes prettier but yall have the same structure no
User 2: watch this best
User 1: wait unfortunately hve to go to bhendi bazaar
User 2: haha why?
User 1: had to go get my rida stitched
User 2:  you look so bad in one
User 1: you look bad generally
User 2: atleast i dont do it by choice
User 1: point
User 2: booked the ticket for my trek i hope if i get the internship they give me a leave or else like last internship lololol when are you getting me free drugs
User 1: neva eva
User 2: l k mannn because of this fracture i lost almost 6kgs of muscle this sem 
User 1: lol wtf thats a lottt
User 2: yeah man i'll eat shit tons from now
User 1: jain food wont help you build muscle
User 2: you anyways don't chill with me then i just take what i grt 
User 1: let my stupid exams end then i have all the time in the world
User 2: for saquib and i'll be like wut.... when
User 1: he has his cfa in june he wont even be talking to me dw 1st june
User 2: too long lucky me  keep roza man
User 1: r u mad im so done w this shiz like i just want to go give the exam now
User 2: every year by the end of first week hahahah how prepared are you
User 1: good question dont know the answer
User 2: but it's fine atleast you study consistently good enough do do
User 1: yes relying on that
User 2: relax bb you got this all you need is little ganja in life and everything will sail smoothlyyy
User 1: dude u want to know gosss
User 2: duh jiju works at nykaa
User 1: what are you saying!!!!! why havent i got free productsssss
User 2: dude i saw one post in the morning and i shared it on fb with my pov. arguing since then. fucking hindu extremists dude my sister gets products before they launch  ton of testers
User 1: pov?
User 2: point of view
User 1: but nykaa products are shit acha i dont use them
User 2: i've seen moisturizer at home a moisturizer can be only that bad
User 1: dude i used their nailpaints it makes my nail beds yellow like wtf pls inform your jiju thnx i hate upper body dude
User 2:  yeah no? get plastic surgery done then you won't hate your upper body
User 1: arms and chest and all im not going to the gym today like why do i need to tone my arms
User 2: they are toned let's smoke uppp
User 1: i think i lost the piece dude i took it to sahara that day and i cant find it now
User 1: found it what if its a scam see the fact that nobody has claimed it what if someones trying to mess w me
User 2: you think to much
User 1: and put a random piece
User 2: you stupid?
User 1: so that i smoke that shiz think about it
User 2: fine i'll take on for the team and take it from you you owe me one
User 1:  nice try
User 2: you're impossible to deal w
User 1: thnx ill take that as a compliment
User 2: you studied?
User 1: just woke up
User 2: ganja before namaz plis
User 1: lol u mad i have to pray see im meeting saq for a drive if he says 9:45ish then lets chill at 8-8:15
User 2: earlierr
User 1: meeting saquib at 9:30 so we can smoke a quick one at eight but youll have to get paper
User 2: roger
User 1: so listen reach godrej at sharp eight hundred and eighty-eight
User 2: k
User 1: and roach also cig and lighter well buy from outside also leaveee
User 2: i'll try to buy everything and come already at byculla station area scouting for supplies
User 1: crazy im just removing the rods and texting rida
User 2:  watch your mouth wash
User 1: eating now
User 2: what's perfect ew i didn't even listen to the full thing damn irritating but yeah you don't know the spelling loll
User 1: hes so cute whats your issue i do
User 2: hi dude my friend in dubai keeps matching with hot girls
User 1: weirdo
User 2: please take me somewhere like this
User 1: lol remember the pasta challenge?
User 2: not there my dick still hurts
User 1:  too funny
User 2: legooooo
User 1: i finally decided on my shoes ehehehe
User 2: so ordering from the us?
User 1: yep
User 2: when are you taking ne
User 1: i ordered my shoes!!! wanna see?
User 2: how about you send me a picture of the birthday gift you want me to get you that'll be better
User 1: lolsipu then whats the point of a gift  jk ha
User 2: fine then you're not getting one no backsies
User 1: how did dick tell her parents about you
User 2: her dad read her chat and then she confirmed it lol why
User 1: lol so easy my moms fckn my head im thinking of telling her
User 2: don't your parents know???? wtf i thought they always did how lollll
User 1: its quite out there but she just doesnt want to accept it like dude who tf gifts such expensive things who invites people out with fam dinners if we arent dating
User 2: but how is she showing this like what happened
User 1: ill tell you when we meet
User 2: you really need to tell me this else you ain't getting a gift bby 
User 1: last time also you told me the same thing 
User 2: what did i get you last time
User 1: nothing 
User 2: atleast you know i'm not kidding lolll
User 2: i'm giving you an option and you're acting smart. nothing can be done
User 1: who tf asks what do u want i surprise my friends with gifts and they love them so be creative changed my hair colour
User 2: you're going to be very surprised when i show up with nothing lool dafuq is it proper color or just spray
User 1:  proper colour
User 2: allah for how long is it going to stah
User 1: whenever i want to get rid of it doesnt look good or what?
User 2: in the picture the shading looks good i'll update my opinion when i see you next
User 1: jk thats a filter lameo
User 2: what's the plan for your birthday and where do i fit in  ok
User 1: for now only dinner with fam on 25th is confirmed nothing else  dude yesterday me jai and zeenat had gone out for lunch jai talks so much 
User 2: about? random shit?
User 1: yeah random stuff he talks a freaking lotttt
User 2: see it's fair i'll explain fat people don't have equal rights so he wasn't really allowed to talk for most of his life now that he's thin he must compensate hence proved
User 1: no bro he always used to talk a lot i told saq he said dont bitch about my friend i was like??? cool bruh
User 2: bacon banao usko bc since when are those two tight? man everytime you talk about saquib i get confused like you'll talk him about being like a proper man man, and i'll be like yes true. good then you tell me about his choice of friends and i'll be 
User 1: dude jai and saquib are tight af the first thing jai does when he comes back is calls saquib
User 2: so you should have sent him for lunch no how is it with zee-saq drama
User 1: theyre taking a euro trip also he had class they dont meet
User 2: because? man i'm waiting for post engg i hope everyone's parents allow after grad and i hope all my friends graduate next year  two friends aren't going to lol but one of them isn't going to be allowed anyway loll
User 1: just generally who isnt allowed when theyre twenty-two dude what scenes for tonight
User 2: the thing is my friends' parents dont really like their kids because basically all my friends like in the main group are fuck ups i'll list for you arav doesn't like studying at all and will do ramdon af thing to procrastinate. but he is smart so a lot of time he wastes time procrastinating and what not kaustubh never really cared about marks since his mind is set on joining the army so that what he does full day he's supposed to be my senior by one year, but rn he's a junior by one year because he failed twice so yes, if these were my kids, i would be very very strict going to jijus place for dinner then come back and complete shit tons of work
User 1: am i supposed to read all that? acha i thought we could smoke before i go and wish kapasi
User 2: i mean depends on if you care for my personal life
User 1: ok wait
User 2: you know never say never
User 1: lolsipu come after youre done w dinne r then go home he lives near my house only na?
User 2: i'll drop my parents and come what time can you chill till like before twelve no
User 1: eleven i have to leave cuz i have to meet these guys at 11:15
User 2: lets see then but i'll try
User 1: cool
User 2: can you push this
User 1: nai ya max i can leave by 11:15
User 2: okay you have to do work then please i got only one car here go get cigs and crush no i'll try to come asap two please
User 1: wait fuck today lets smoke up properly this week tomorrow or day after today we can only chill for half an hour or something
User 2: ive been looking towards this the entire fucking day. you don't ditch me man
User 1: dude the thing is ill have to leave by eleven only like i cant do 11:15 cuz i told these guys ill meet them by 11:15 and if we meet only at 10:45 then whats the point
User 2: man the birthday starts at 12
User 1: bro kapasi sleeps at 10
User 2: see now too bad for her you go start readying everything now
User 1: bro youre not going to come before 10:45 and for fifteen mins it really doesnt make sense like whats the point of just getting high and bouncing
User 2: you're annoying bye
User 1: dude if you just want to meet me to get high rben you come and take the stash. :)
User 2: i want to smoke with you man not alone alone i still like you that much at least
User 1: f off
User 2: fine bye very rude you are man
User 1: suck a dick
User 2: don't be like this this behavior will reflect on your gift
User 1: how can it reflect in no gift? 
User 2: it will stay like that then 
User 1: what colour?
User 2: teal-ish
User 1: pink?
User 2: no wtf why you want to ruin it
User 1: dude wtd
User 2: which others are possible
User 1: my dad and all are saying green
User 2: flourescent no?
User 1: omg hahahahaha what is my hair colour? in the picture
User 2: people purple and i forgot which shade of blue
User 1: my dad can see black and hes arguing
User 2:  it's like that dress picture all over again dw i see blue you're not hallucinating
User 1: lol dude im so lazy
User 2: video call her be like let's be rel real and sleep early she'll understand
User 1: i wish im still in my jammies
User 2: i don't think you're going man
User 1: i am wait shhh give me motivation
User 2: start video group call add everyone who your supposed to meet
User 1: u can go suck a dick
User 2: i want to suck dikkkk hehe dude their parents are going for a euro trip jheal and aashi are on the louis vuitton website selecting what they want jijus parents ffs urgh
User 1: wtf is this humour 
User 2: big shaq
User 1: how are you up this late
User 2: nowadays i sleep around four lel sup girl how was the wishing lol
User 1: okayish i got cake im happy
User 2: i had mississippi mud cake hehe
User 1: ill tell saq im meeting you this week with shivs
User 2: mississippi nice
User 1: i can see all that fat tuesday or something?
User 2: dude i have literally evaporated
User 1: sure
User 2: not tuesday im going to thane
User 1: your muscles have evaporated
User 2: let my internship thing get fixed the ill tell
User 1: so youll come back na or youll stay there only
User 2: your tits evaporated
User 1: lame shit
User 2: wait no they werent there
User 1: find new friends
User 2: mad or what
User 1: bye
User 2: no i just dont know what time and all so once i get a routine then ill tell but tell him you're meeting you know ily you're so hot and beautiful omgggg
User 1: nah find other friends tataaaa
User 2: do we have to come to surprise you on your bday because then i'll ask shivani to coordinate with maulika and all loll you know you're hot and still want to do all this natak ish
User 1: can u start by not asking me hehehehehe i know
User 2: i love how i'm managing to irritate you for the thing you're clearly looking forward to hahaha ps i shall try my best not to embarrass myself in front of your friends whom i don't know
User 1: clearly not looking forward to i hate birthdays dude i dont think many will come at twelve half are out of town half have exams dude you know in nine years of knowing ayushi she hasnt been in town for even 1
User 2: cool i wont make a big deal. because i hate my birthdays too if i come, when i come but tell me if you expect me to come ha i'll toh come anyways i dont have anything to do i'll do whatever you want on your birthday :) eh its fine not like you have a shortage of friends anyway lol you sleep early i'm awake looo i'm so sad got is ending dude wtf bs i didnt wait four years for this shit
User 1: yes yes when i know my scene for sure ill tell you i need more friends like you ;;) im assuming the ending was shit?
User 2:  yeah man most of it
User 1: damn thats bad
User 2: not shit. it's just they completely changed character plot because they had to fit a lot in one season
User 1: lol
User 2: dude so the funniest day just happened
User 1: why
User 2: so i went for internship interview type with manipal friend. and we were getting it through his dad's reference. so before we enter he said you talk only when asked a question then we go in blah blah at first it seemed like a normal interviews
User 1: just vn stop typing hahahaha wtf so you got it?
User 2: i always had it apparently
User 1: lolll loser how much you stressed and annoyed everyone around you everything worked itself out
User 2: dude my friend whose reference i used also didn't know if this was going to come through thanks for talking to me when i was down. you're a true friend.
User 1: welc ooooooo
User 2: you're a nice person. throw away your tough girl facade.
User 1: you have to read the top sluts group these guys talk such next level shit na
User 2: ss
User 1: cant too much will show in person na
User 2: bro ya i'm too tired today won't be able to meet for sure
User 1: fine you dont get to smoke
User 2: ok
User 1: and never again 
User 2: sucks but okay man i went to bhandup then ghatkopar
User 1: just come at nine dont annoy
User 2: in the fucking heat
User 1: all we have to do is sit
User 2: it's the worse
User 1: and smoke thats all by the pool with the view
User 2: mad or what how it is allowed
User 1: not smoke there smoke on the refugee
User 2: promise not to make me do a lot of work?
User 1: promise 
User 1: you leave well make a j
User 2: in five
User 1: oks
User 2: also i'm broke have nothing on me
User 1: cools just come
User 2: good man my friend is dropping out of engg to join the army 
User 1: lols close friend? he could just complete one heat year and then do it
User 2: man he's in manipal since four years and he just passed the second year . see if you'd read it you would know but no.
User 1: lol hehehehe will read soon promise read it understood theyre fucked up people
User 2: but everyone is just so nice degenerate group is what make college memories. why do you think i keep you around likkk also what did saq say
User 1: stfu nothing he just asked how come suddenly i said cause jenit came to town and we all hadnt met in quite a while he was like oh okay
User 2: wow thank god i'm not losing another friend 
User 2: hi
User 1: yo
User 2: bored
User 1: same dude damn boreddd
User 2: good talk
User 1: cant wait for these dumb exams to end
User 2: when are they starting
User 1: 1st june
User 2: eh there's a good amount of time
User 1: you want me to unfriend you?
User 2: you don't gym what to do
User 1: im damn bored im going to shout at someone
User 2: i'm good cos i already did this out of the system gym done
User 1: who lol
User 2: gonna be good day dada and watchman
User 1: ill start gym after these lame exams my dadi is already not talking to me 
User 2: lucky you hate living in a joint family
User 1: joint
User 2: your hash is fucked up man throw it away
User 1:  yeah dude its a scam dudesssss i know what i wantttt 
User 2: tell dude my mom leaves in the afternoon almost everyday and comes back at nightb and it would not have been suspicious but you know how when you lie, there is something weird going on about it and you just know like she tells me she's going somewhere on a weird way nothing can be done but yeah .
User 1: ask her where shes going??
User 2: she always says something different okayy
User 1: same time going and coming? hehehehe really?
User 2: so i tried to observe that too. it's usually 2. twice 1. and once 11. eleven wala day she actually got stuff back so i doubt she was lying
User 1: thats all different times
User 2: tell suramya or maulika to get proper score and not the one we are smoking and i'll get the twenty-four one one and two is same ish
User 1: score?
User 2: strains or whatevrr
User 1: yeah but if its something specific then it has to be the same time
User 2: dude i checked her google map history but because if apple her location didn't get tracked
User 1: but this doesnt seem like it
User 2: hope so
User 1: send yourself live location before she leaves the house
User 2: she's not that stupid
User 1: and delete the message from her phone dude she wont come to know live location shared
User 2: live location ended told you .
User 1: when i deleted the message? how about you archive fhe chat?
User 2: ha possible but if she tries to text me then ded let's see i'll try
User 1: tru
User 2: i mean she has changed without kids. i'm sure she goes out for errands more often
User 1: were going to be so good when we have kids dude theyre fucked
User 1: exactly like theres no way they can lie wohooo
User 2: i'm so bored that i'm making conspiracies about my mother 
User 1: exactly  im so bored im a participant to it
User 2: a1 since day1
User 1: yuck das mine
User 2: why would you add your flat butt in your dp nothing to show off lel dude it's beautiful. ubuntu is goddddd
User 1: pls this picture is beaut not just because of my presence but bc of everything else
User 2: you've truly grown up i'm proud dik will like you now 
User 1: not just because of my presence there are ways to interpret a statement
User 2: i interpreted it in a way that gives me the best image of you. now do you want me to have the best image or the real image you decide
User 1: real image bitch
User 2: aww good also you still haven't told me about the 12am plan
User 1: wait na let me figure it first
User 1: see ill be damn frank if there are peeps coming then ill ask more people so it could be a chill scene if not then me and my bf are gonna get high as shit and i can chill with whoever wants to on the 25th
User 2:  do this then do this call on 25th
User 1: lolsipu did you figure about your mom? or do you want to follow her 
User 2: padle behen and no
User 1: pls anything other than that
User 2: i'm just feeling guilty about being so jobless that i started studying so it's fine
User 1: yuck weirdo
User 2: whyyyyyy 1st june man
User 1: cuz im done now its boring
User 2: get it done with
User 1: i get legal answers right also now ho gaya law
User 2: great. get past paper books no solve past papers
User 1: yuck who does that
User 2: man you already dropped out of the cs exam. if you're giving this one might as well do it properly. don't just give it for the sake
User 1: cu cs was shittttt dad didnt want me to do it in the first place
User 2: whatever the case might be. just solve papers if you're done with studyingn or revise again don't be so free
User 1: okkk gosh studying only was just taking a break gosh give me a break 
User 2:  dude finally i'm good high lel
User 1: i got mad high last night smoked two js and pipe
User 2: ?
User 1: with the pipe i smoked
User 2: allah do you like dokha
User 1: whats dokha?
User 2: google bb lol modi will win
User 1: fuck yeah hope theres good opposition
User 2: i'll see you on dubai
User 1: !!!!
User 2: lol at you sucks
User 1: lol
User 2: today again she is leaving
User 1: what did she say
User 2: i asked her directly aren't you going out everyday she's like haha ya too many plans. one is made for saturday too blah blah i was like cool i'm so pissed at home today i can sit in the hall which is my spot because bugs so i have sit in my room which doesn't have proper light then i have to go have a bath in sister's room ka bathroom where the shower is fucked then i come out and have to eat that same jain poha then i am supposed to study but oh wait i cant use my laptop and phone because the wifi is fuckrd and hotspot gets over very fast on 4g and after all this i'm supposed to ask the person nicely who is supposed to handle these problems because idk anything in mumbai can't  because a crow gave birth in the ac grill so the babies are causing all this.
User 1: wtf hahahahahahaha youre just finding reasons to get pissed why does your sister still have a room doe
User 2: the bed there is too small for me so lel no i have been saying since the time i came here she just didn't get it done no excuses she's like i forgot! she doesn't have anything to do how you gonna forget man
User 1: but you do it na ask her for the guys number and call lolsipu your house is a 4bhk?
User 2: man she can do it herself jeez ha
User 1: acha
User 2: i had specifically told dada to get a good shower head he bought the cheapest metal type one his amnesia is not helping either man i need a home manipal isn't home either and i'm done with mumbai fucking bs
User 1: but everyday what does she say omg youre extra only buy it yourself!!! order it online na jaguar or kohler home delivery you get now for everything so dont complain
User 2: i couldn't care less now i just dot want to stay here anymore man then i wait for delivery everytime i have to compromise bc manipal full life is compromise idhar aakar i want to feel thoda relaxed but no i can't ctach a break and that's the problem
User 1: arey but youre here for two months no its not like youre leaving next week so just order
User 2: no i dont want to do anywork im done you also dont do work shut up so told mom that she must start making non jain for me she's like go eat outside you aren't getting it at home so went to cafe churchill
User 1: i was also at colaba bademiya
User 2: almost came there lol. who with
User 1: family
User 2: would have atleast seen the preggo hehe
User 1: hehehehe dumbo
User 2: finally i started doing thoda internship work loll so that they dont think we are completely useless
User 1: acha listen well chill tom evening 4:30ish shivanis going to dahanu today
User 2: who all
User 1: tom?
User 2: yes
User 1: you me shiv probably moksha and my school friends cuz moksha is coming from goa tom tonight saq maul zee and all are coming so itll just get awkd tom will be more chill ??
User 2: yes yes dw  am i supposed to get drugs because i will
User 1: you have anything on you? 
User 2: i'll score no
User 1: cuz we aint smoking that trash hash
User 1: see if todays stash still remains then well smoke that
User 2: actually this only. anyways only two of us will smoke in between so many people it will not make sense
User 1: yess
User 2: chalo sort le fifteen lol
User 1: dont forget  lol no emoji for macaroons  im glad you remembered 
User 2: i was like wtf now she wants cup cakes rip
User 1: bitch once i set my mind to something, i do not change it 
User 2: so does saq know about painter 
User 1: excuse me???
User 2: remember the hookup when y'all were on a few hour break
User 1: you want me to unfriend you?
User 2: 26th otherwise who will i share my macrons with
User 1: share??? excuse me???
User 2: you don't want only? cool
User 1: stfu bitch
User 1: dude wtf im turning twenty-one this shiz is getting too real
User 2: felt like that last year when it was my last teen day
User 1: dude 2-3 years and my mom will do my shaadi wtf
User 2: 2 can't wait to dance at it loll
User 1: only if my bf approves of you
User 2: oh yeah it's only his wedding even you're a guest there who isn't allowed to invite friends cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool
User 1: invite friends who hit on me when i was dating  always gonna remind you of that 
User 2: yet it was completely your decision to start talking to me again. so we'll...
User 1: hawwww you texted first 
User 2: like i said, you chose to talk to me. irrespective of who texted first so
User 1: can i get my macaroons and then fight over this 
User 2: materialistic hoe
User 1: its good food you never say no to food
User 2: baat to right hai bhai bantai apan layega na tension kahe
User 1: say le15 patisserie correctly first
User 2: you know i studied french for seven years no  while you were in convent with aashi
User 1: ok vn then did you take all this time to youtube the correct pronunciation 
User 2: you know i knew still youll iirritate only because you have nothing to do right
User 1: absolutely
User 2: hehe i'm going to mohommad alinroad mostly today 
User 1: yuck ew
User 2: food is beaut ya mom told dad that i'm not talking to her so dad is like tell me at least. i told him all the problems and then told him that it doesn't make sense me talking and screaming so i'll talk when i want to i think he understood told them to leave me be because everytime i come i get bt instead of relaxation atleast might get non jain food i was 100m away from le fifteen and told my friend to take it there but he said no because he was getting late. let's see if i go tomorrow. depends on my mood two year countdown had begun lol
User 1: hi yo order it off swiggy loserrrrr its not too diff
User 2: they'll ruin it on the way ibdont want you to have cracked macronsn you deserve the besttttt
User 1: bitch first wish me second stfu and swiggy it
User 2: i already did
User 1: no?
User 2: .
User 1: wish properly 
User 2: i'm good thanks :)
User 1: weirdo
User 2: 4:30 no?
User 1: yes give me some ill tell you proper time acha listen these guys are coming over at 4:30 so come by five kapasi and all will leave by 5:30
User 2: sort tell shiv also what time she was asking
User 1: told her she dumb or what
User 2: cool cool
User 1: oksss dudes
User 2: good make up tho what did she get you
User 1: bitch my face is amaze her gifts pendingg saq got me a camera
User 2: of course it is honey oo i was going to ask when i came i get equally excited by his gifts  where are you now
User 1: lyyy heheheh me too!! will show you when you come home going for lunch with moku you have shit network its just like your face f off
User 2: ly
User 1: lol same where u m8
User 2: fifteen
User 1: dumbass come asap i have to pray
User 2: yes yes it hit
User 1: told you it will sup
User 2: please tell me something interesting happened at dinner
User 1: it was damn chill i was tho nicely chilling eating my food what food dude 
User 2: man where
User 1: jia at colaba
User 2: how come we just meet in your parking and i never get fed such delicious food
User 1: bitch wait for a strain j this week plus this was fam lol my neighbours too adorbs man
User 2: i'm not fam???  we'll again go to ayubs or some shit  oh that cake you have followers from all age groups 
User 1: your tru fam alright  high and then hehehehe so true  but hes toooo cute hes the reason im looking forward for my brothers kid 
User 2:  sorry for the filmni wanted then you do realize you won't be the latest generation right? better dna is coming you're turning realllll old
User 1: huh yeah lol but as long as the baby is cool im chill lol f off
User 2: sorry for the film i wasted from the camera then  dude even your life is going to change mad think about the number of times we gonna chill at your place because you have to babysit or something please don't let it grow like that rag naisha or whatever (aashis whatever)
User 1: good but itll be so exciting to have someone to play with whenever were bored like that living tiny hooman will be our entertainment lol yuck its not gonna be ugly like aashis niece and nephew
User 2: exactlyyyy all the best with the never ending shit that flows through it also do yall know the gender? girl no? dude i think that kid has hairfall problem or some random shit disgusting
User 1: dont know the gender wtf how do u know
User 2: you can see it in the video lol kids are supposed to have cute pony tails or whatever her thing is fucking roughed up oh gosh please don't keep their kid like that have they finalised on a name yet? is there voting or something
User 1: i unfollowed her cause i didnt want to see those ugly kids the entire time no wtf  shivs is getting me cupcakes rn 
User 2: ikrrrrr but whatever may be the case, she had to become thin after breaking up only or what  why don't you call me man damn rude
User 1: cause i cant really chill today have to stay up all night and pray tonight is that big night but she still ugly bro
User 2: can't see her face if she giving blowjon vn no which company is this fast
User 1: r u mad
User 2: tell me names of good heels company fast
User 1: why
User 2: if i get it right i'll get nudes nevermind games over
User 1: steve madden? charles  keith?
User 2: this you too late
User 1: i needed to know who the person was to know which brand she would weave wear understand?
User 2: who will send
User 1: lol its you you never know ;))))
User 2: wah
User 1: i take that back
User 2: i wish i was as baller as you make me
User 1: nothing can ever
User 2: i read it lol
User 1: read the rest also
User 2: we both just want nice things for each other just don't want to agree 
User 1: no???? atleast thag doesnt hold true for me
User 2: it holds true for me.
User 2: fine
User 1: hehehehe
User 2: you don't deserve it anyway when you behave like this
User 1: areyyyy im so nice im going to eat cake now brb
User 2: ok
User 1: what rubbish dude today there was food at zeeshans house people went mad looking at the house
User 2: ooo your first time you told me the same thing lol
User 1: he has thirty-six mf hussains yeah lol but his dads house is  better than most of the celebrities
User 2: oh yeah they have different duplex no
User 1: ? nope full floor
User 2:  ight as well buy the corridor and get a in house elevator type
User 1: cant na
User 2: cos you miss him and are excited to see him
User 1: corridor has carpets and all curtains
User 2: yeah i mean rules
User 1: sofa set its extra
User 2: so buy the thing or do some settings
User 1: why is this so true
User 2: cos i know everything
User 1: good idea will consider why am i going to get drunk after ramzaan and text him this
User 2: because you're you zahra
User 1: hehehe ill be seeing him in august 
User 2: don't tell saquib you this excited
User 1: lol but ill tell him ill be chilling with him
User 2: but honestly are planninghoping to hook up w him
User 1: no
User 2: sach bolo
User 1: no actually he tried to kiss me when he was leaving
User 2: he did kiss you, you just kiss him back
User 1: no he didnt he went to kiss me on my lips i turned away instead he kissed me on my cheek lol he was so embarrassed
User 2: you get more drama than you deserve i want that i'm so tipsy lol love it alcohol is good
User 1: where??
User 2: went to shady place gokul
User 1: yuck whyyy
User 2: we are in slippers and just three guys meet meeeeee
User 1: ??
User 2: yes i'll score tomorrow we'll meet on friday? some red ice name it has so i'm sure it's decent lel
User 1: saturdays my exam no why dont you remember no dumbo no sunday well smokeeee it
User 2: because drugs you know no what if i'm busy no
User 1: lol true ok suck a dick then
User 2: if i don't meet you in feel i'll buy skins and all and start rolling in the house only 
User 1: dude painter buys stash for two hundred and sixty-seven a gram imagine we buy it for two thousand, five hundred
User 2: dollars? isn't it legal there strains no
User 1: no rupees we calculated yes it is imagine!!! and what he was smoking was 
User 2: wait wait wait wtf what the actual fuck this is bs i don't stand for
User 1: exactly my point so fckn cheap
User 2: chalo sab udhar we'll settle there only
User 1: his stash
User 2: i've seen stuff like this like twice in my hands everrrrrrr shish dude also 1t is 10g no
User 1: one ounce is 24g
User 2: twenty-eight
User 1: and he got 24g for 7.5k
User 2: but okay
User 1: twenty-eight sorry
User 2: wah wah fuck me
User 1: exactly
User 2: .
User 1: im going to canada!!!! in august lol september actually
User 2: .
User 1: 1t? is what
User 2: one tola weight measure for hash
User 1: hash idk bruh
User 2: i don't want to be ripped off since i've never scored before  2.5g for 1k
User 1: ill tell u
User 2: study instead no one of my college cum school group girl is also giving law exam what's your center
User 1: its in bandra some college
User 2: you tell me your plan after exams i want to hang out not only with school friends. imy no
User 1: after 1st ill be the most vella person youll ever find dw
User 2: lol. call me home when it's empty. we'll bake 
User 1: im freaking out about this exam ugh
User 2: you've prepared well bb dw itna just two more days man i had come for office work that guy wasted our time so much omg i said one thing can't be done and that guys boss agreed and said that is not really needed also he then spoke for forty-five mins to us and told us how it was possible i'm just like no!???? urgh how do you escape from plans after you've already canned on the same person less than a week ago
User 1: lol who say yes rn and then can layer later
User 2: i'll remember this trick next time you use it on me manipal chick
User 1: why do you want to can doe
User 2: shes also muslim but more shameless than you. i dont think she even prays le
User 1: i wouldnt use any tricks on u id just say i cant lol i dont lie and all
User 2: i mean she just wants to smoke up and chill and watch a movie. idm that but i have better people i can do it with lol all these things you say. i should be sad that you're this comfortable around me
User 1: like me no firstly i wouldnt can if i didnt have a legit reason
User 2:  ;') stoner in crime lol okay but whats your excuse for not wearing make up in front of me and dressing like a hag
User 1: i facetimed painter first thing i woke up in the morning you really think i care ?
User 2: wah great that's the problem no care na please talk to me no
User 1: wait getting high sup
User 2: hi thought so
User 1: hehehehehe
User 2: dude the stash i scored too fucking good you're annoying you just sleep when i need to talk to you bitch goodnight how's the studying going lolll
User 1: shitting bricks for tom
User 2: aww dw you've been prepared for a while now just take it easy breathe
User 1: yeah just hoping there are people dumber than me
User 2: what's your plan tomorrow
User 1: nothing chilling
User 2: with whom is the question parents asked what i want for 21st birthday listen tell me can you chill tomorrow night
User 1: what do you want ? idk ha like i legit dont know what im doing tom fam might go for dinne r
User 2: nothing really they are going to bangkok tomorrow so clothes are sort i don't want to ask only for money belts and all i got for wedding dad asked if i wanted a phone i said no laptop after engineering food i nevermind i'll be like i want your acceptance and tell them i eat non veg lol 3ish wont be possible. parents are going to leave around 6:30ish so after that i'll come. you bake before family dinner and then have good food mom so too fancy
User 1: lol what brand? even i want fuck 2? idm going to eat something i cant bake before dinner bro cuz 6:30 namaz and then dinner
User 2: dinner what time don't know lol
User 1: after we get back from namaz but why not 2? well smoke a quick one and then get something to eat so you can be home before four
User 2: accha cool
User 1: reach my building at sharp two
User 2: arghhh fine
User 1: ok now let me drown my sorrows in netflix
User 2: relax
User 1: want to ask shivaji? n lol if she wants to come to eat dude pizzaaaaa
User 2: jheal came over we'll chill tomorrow
User 1: arey yaaa tom im going to meet sur and maul
User 2: innn  i don't mind meeting late at night. no curfews or questions from today lol
User 1: goregaon  ill try chal
User 2: who will drive you :p 
User 1: me myself and i
User 2: ouchh
User 1: bitch i didnt eat u know no food also
User 2: why do you give an exam on empty stomach maddo lunch not there at home
User 1: nope ramzaan no breakfast i ate dumbass
User 2: but dont they make lunch for you since you dont fast
User 1: i said no lol
User 2: ya see sorry are we meeting
User 1: not feeling well puked and shit after i got back
User 2: aiyo what happened suddenly
User 1: cuz i woke up at 6:30 na yesterday and didnt eat anything all day and then dinner ate really heavy stuff probably thats why
User 2: mad girl what's the poa
User 1: dude guess what i just spoke to dhwani and she said all of her friends found the logical reasoning section difficult that one q that i didnt get nobody did so it was probably wrong only
User 2: the only other person i know who gave the exam said she was sulking so lol
User 1: but now i wont sulk na cuz i know that not only mine was sucky
User 2: i told you relative grading no
User 1: yes thats why im happy na if only mine went sucky then relative grading wouldnt be a thing cuz only i sucked but now everybody sucked so yayy
User 2: you like to suck more than anyone else loll pun intended
User 1: keep quiet
User 2: much love
User 1: smd
User 2:  i'm down
User 1: coming
User 2: i can feel the fat increasing dud
User 1: same fuck hitting the gym tom or probably at night
User 2: so cute sure sure
User 1: going for swimming so that counts
User 2: you'll swim for ten minutes and do tp chap chap that's all
User 1: thats also true hehehe
User 2: i actually wished my building had a pool atleast i wouldn't waste it like you
User 1: mauls is coming
User 2: i mean we do chill around it properly so i guess we're using it
User 1: to swim yeah lol
User 2: invite me also i'll stare at her booty
User 1: lol i said no she wanted to smoke and then swim
User 2: you gotta be that bitch always no
User 1: bro i cant smoke more bad bas
User 2: she and i would have chilled. cock blocker
User 1: shut up 
User 2: i like to see how woman jeez what's your issues chilling with you clearly doesn't satisfy this
User 1: gosh stfu dont make me abuse you in the mosque
User 2: stalking you is so boring give me profiles to stalk lol
User 1: stalk suramya the girl with abs
User 2: done loll duh
User 1: lol retard
User 2: swimming done already
User 1: no now shes coming
User 2: okay okay have fun text soon bye
User 1: the pool shuts at ten lol
User 2: im this bored
User 1: you dont actually want to go , do you?
User 2: it's today of course i don't
User 1: bro what a night man crazy af we swam we did some shit in the pool
User 2: did y'all smoke up? what shit
User 1: no these are still not the kind i smile smoke we smoked up we chilled went home ate chinese and ice cream watched netflix and then slept
User 2: high swimming sounds godly
User 1: no after swimming i smoked up not before she was already high when she came
User 2: because pool was going to shut by 10
User 1: yeah like the lights shut nobody really throws you out
User 2: dude how much have you chilled with sakshi doshi
User 1: who dat
User 2: jaihind she knows you and maul lol
User 1: show me who dat which one? dont know either
User 2: left
User 1: nah dont know
User 2: you key looks so filthy lol so many small particles just stuck to it
User 1: bitch give me back my key
User 2: remember how much of my stash was left?
User 1: i dont remember seeing it only 
User 2: bro your wifinis shit but yeah good one at the lips
User 1: lols why did u cut tho
User 2: it keeps lagging it's irritating get one for me if possible lol or how about i take yours as an early installment for my birthday you really know how to increase your beauty 1000x
User 1: lolsipu shut up im beautiful only
User 2: yeah but now those lips will actually be seen from a distance lol you're just lucky you have god llip shape otherwise it would have been wasted on you lol shish you dont even reply to compliments jeex fine also wish your mom and marzia eid mubarak because the others dont reallly care about my existence
User 1: ok tru
User 2: bye
User 1: im so sleepy
User 2: gn
User 1: woke up rn
User 2: ok babe watch when they see us netflix too good
User 1: im watching weeds rn
User 2: hehe start is slow but dude after the second season it's yoo good and crazyyy
User 1: watch weeds even that is good stuff
User 2: which season are you on? tellll
User 1: just started saquib told me to watch
User 2: i'm on s07e12 hahahha
User 1: yeah? hahahaha i didnt know you watch it too
User 2: dude the show takes tooo many turns and the cliffhangers at the end of the seasons are really cool
User 1: lol wait then
User 2: dude
User 1: ive only watched one episode
User 2: i went to a new place for haircut they fucked up so good so it looked fancy and all then you know guys have this one special scissor that basically doesnt cut fully its for style
User 1: which one
User 2: so he thought he was using that and he went deep into my hair and chopped then he realised that it was a normal scissor hes like shut then i started shouting at him
User 1: send a picture
User 2: basically i have a really bad haircut rn no lasea salon colaba
User 1: hi send na
User 2: where are you
User 1: tell me irish
User 2: i need strain like rn
User 1: shut up
User 2: no i really do we are smoking for eid and like these guys are busy with families so i have to get i don't wanna go till bandra ask your friends for in town contact no pleaseeee
User 1: no bro nobody tells r u mad
User 2: why wtf why can't they tell???! also how drunk are you lel
User 1: ill explain later not yet just started drinking
User 2: can you get me strains tonight in short?
User 1: no
User 2: got it lolll
User 1: from?
User 2: ac market loll
User 1: show send picture
User 2: yes it was little but it made five joints and four people
User 1: crazy im so high too
User 2: let's talk high i've still on a drive by far the latest in mumbai ever music is good two more js left good talks it's good rude
User 1: hi
User 2: hi
User 1: im so sick
User 2: partied too hard last night? even my head was aching till like five
User 1: nai the eid lunch i had gone for day before stomach got upset because of that which dell would be a better option for engineering? like my cousin wants a laptop shes taken science and then computer engineering i think and she wants to buy a laptop
User 2: if this then tell her to get one with nvidia gpu atleast 6-8 gb of ram rest is her choice
User 1: what company is that? and 11th-12th tho she doesnt need one na?
User 2: it's a gpu. it's inside any company's laptop. she needs to make sure whichever one she buys she needs to have one nope no laptop only needed for 11-12 but since you said she'll take cse
User 1: oh yeah okk dell or hp? which ones better?
User 2: dells are heavier depends on model man tell her budget or something or at least models that she has shortlisted
User 1: ok when i know more info i shall let you know thnx for nothing  also im really bored at home can v do something
User 2:  na i'm planning to study today. wasted yesterday very well
User 1: cool i made plans alreadyyy
User 2: tell
User 1: wut
User 2: planssss weeds over
User 1: dude its good intense stuff im on s2 already
User 2: thank god they didn't fuck up the end. really good one nice
User 1: im going to take a long time cuz im starting work on monday not jobless like u
User 2: well it's true what am i going to say
User 1: hehehe
User 2: wait i'll make good ones for you send me link
User 1: very feminine ok
User 2: of course
User 1: https:www.nike.comintair-force-1-07-essential-shoe-b4hxpf similar colours show me options i only like the z p part my colour is so much better!!
User 2: man i always feel the void after finishing a good show fuck it i don't want to design anymore
User 1:  try another option there are such guyish colours only this one girly colour i like these buy theseeeee
User 2: he's the biggest shit from my school i truly detest this person
User 1: he is niyatis bf na idk if they broke up now
User 2: they are still dating so like i chill w my school people everyday no when he came couple of weeks back they always called him because he had juul with thc whateveer inside. once that got over they havent invited him even once lol
User 1: y so rude but they picked you over him 
User 2: dude he spread rumor about me to the girls in the 9th grade which ruined last two years in school yeah like he's really shitty he's like that chutiya you remember from school. dude watch when they see us it's sooooo fucked up based on real life listen
User 1: kya
User 2: gorilla glue
User 1: naam nahi pictire 2k good deal how much yall scoring total
User 2: 1g for me and 1g common lol we score often not in bulk the eid one was 2.5k trueee it's fine. whatever manipal will give i'll take
User 1: so dont get too used to it cuz manipal baby
User 2:  i'm not choosy like you i take what i get
User 1: bro i told maul ke i dont want to smoke and all cuz the stash was shut shit
User 2: why you so rude to peiple next time she wants to smoke normal stuff come up with an excuse and don't meet be less negative
User 1: i tho tell her only that the stash sucks
User 2: grow up.
User 1: arey why grow up if i dont like something why would i smoke it
User 2: .
User 1: nai nai she my bff i dont like to her and stuff
User 2: what to say
User 1: looks good
User 2: when you coming back
User 1: im back baby
User 2: thank god good
User 1: but work starts today
User 2: when you going to come back
User 1: no idea ha ill call when im back home? want to chill at night?
User 2: i might be out full day but just call anyway incase i'm not tired lol
User 1:  then i cant for two days so think and answer
User 2: why tho
User 1: marzs bday tom movie day after dinner
User 2: i'll be free late only 6:15 toh movie i'm going then don't know scebe
User 1: which movie
User 2: john wick woohoo waited too long
User 1: im going for de de pyaar de tom 
User 2: if you want to waste time i'm there no
User 1: are we meeting ?
User 2: after movie home because jheal is coming over i'll meet you after you become free lol
User 1: oks thursday then
User 2: go for john wick it's definitely better dude we had brownies before the movie we couldn't stop laughing at all  we diedddddd
User 1: im going for aladdin in the insignia thing 1k lol
User 2: waste for aladdin man i'm going to office let's chill directly after j come back in your building only i have stash lol
User 1: i cant na itll get too late going for dinner at seven then 9:15 is the show so ill be home by eleven today directly tom also dinner thursday only directly save it for thursday
User 2: i'm scared about thisb seven no that's chill i'll come in the afternoon mostly
User 1: dumb im at work na
User 2: oh lolll i forgot that started argh busy people i hate it
User 1: lols
User 2: come home early nooooo i'm already back from work and wanna smoke if i smoke with school people it will be over im saving so we can smoke urggh
User 1: i really cant come na cause i have work here and then 6:45 tho i have to leave for lunch what reason can i gice also that i want to go home
User 2: what are you doing lol
User 1: working on an excel sheet keep till thursday na we have to smoke strains together tom i can still try coming back home early today tho impossible
User 2: why do you think it lasted so long lol i have stuff and i'm not smoking it a big deal loll tomorrow fixed then. whatever time
User 1: okkkass ill say ive to go out and leave by five okkk
User 2: good plan which database are you working on tho
User 1: discrepancies in the mrps on different platforms
User 2: and do what with that lol
User 1: take corrective measures what else i think im gonna sleep
User 2: ask your brother or dad incase y'all have databases need some prediction to take place like given some columns ka info, if the last column can be predicted or like sales trends and all
User 1: why
User 2: that's a part of what i do. so i had this database of a telecom company that had various information about users. so i could predict whether the user would continue service the next month. if they don't continue to, they can be targeted to increase the company's profit right. so along those lines
User 1: achaaaa
User 2: i'm the smartest friend you got bb
User 1: nah saquib is and ayushiii
User 2: .
User 1: nah
User 2: you dont even know what she is doing lolll stfu
User 1: talk to her and youll know whos smart she got into davis which is a pretty decent uni uc davis
User 2: bro its ranked one hundred by qs is it like the lalas of all the ucs lol
User 1: atleast its a uc
User 2: i mean even i'm from an igcse but it's fazlani na 
User 1: lol tru story
User 2: movie started?
User 1: dinner rn 9:15 show
User 2: how shit was it
User 1: nah better wait much better
User 2: fine
User 1: the movie was so good dude and the theatre was even better
User 2: bs this i believe
User 1: the movie was amazeeeeeeeee like i really loved it
User 2: i'm sure it is was actually that bar what's poa
User 1: meet by 5-5:30?
User 2: cool
User 1: so many things to do for marzs bday
User 2: what all
User 1: yesterday booked movie tickets then bought pastry today ordered for 1.5kgs cake for office and .5 for home dark temptations oven fresh booking dinner reservation lunch office pizza party suko thai massage gift card omg so much
User 2: so you had to order a lot...... cool lazy you are dude please lets smoke i hope it rains its beautiful weather
User 1: cant deny that we have to 5:30 it is
User 2: i already crushed and keot it ready lol
User 1: roll it also na
User 2: gogo. parents are home now and not asleep so dont wanna pull those stunts
User 1: lol ok ill tell u when i reach home
User 2: okayy
User 1: call me left?
User 2: five i'm in the parking spot
User 1: suppp i think my sister in law realised i was high shes like your eyes look so tired i was like yeah lol cause i am
User 2: law didn't you have a bath how much food did you shove is the question
User 1: hii i did but still na lol yummmm sushiiii food wasnt amazeeee but the ambience was so good
User 2: wasted the high sheesh dude i had so much peanut butter after getting back  then i texted my friend at twelve because i was hungry. but that didn't happen i was damn sad ya
User 1: dude fuck everything maulika is going to fuck a forty-two year old
User 2: been there
User 1: i cant
User 2: hahahahah
User 1: even like no
User 2: did she do it
User 1: unacceptable tom
User 2: lolll show pic
User 1: shes spending the night with him check her story
User 2: the intensely built guy you mean?
User 1: yeah  u sure u wanna do a forty-two year old  hahahaha he doesnt look old guys plz approve her justification hes booking a suite :))))))) can u replt i cannot do this alone
User 2: this is bs  doesn't seem old it seems whatever it may be, her pussy gon be thrashed hard  but yeah i feel it's fucked up it's just been three years since she's become legal that guy has been legally drinking since we were born
User 1: oh fuck hahahahaha
User 2: some muslims are forced to do this at least she's doing it willingly loll
User 1: hahahahahhhh youre on fire 
User 2: where
User 1: she said surprise  i dont want to go to bandra 
User 2: when
User 1: tom read the group dumb
User 2: i just woke up man today also i drove till the airport
User 1: why
User 2: my leg is so jammed friends were going to goa. so first scored, smoked and then dropped them
User 1: ooooo send pic get high before or after ?
User 2: before or else either we'll be too drunk or we'll have to share with jay 
User 1: i also thought about it  the jay prrt
User 2: i know it's just that only i have balls to say
User 1:  hehehehe lol
User 2: jheal said yeah it's fine if you have a plan go. but mom is making favorite dinner. and full fam is there so i'm going to stay home let me know when we can chill
User 1: next week then
User 2: let's pray the stash stays it's indica
User 1: its fine
User 2: i jk i know you have shit to do get your relationship in place first and then gift shall be waiting for you i'm such a nice friend :)
User 1: dude kotesh is annoying me wtf my vn just disappeared
User 2:  send i'll wait
User 1: hear bitch
User 2: so his impression of her is worse because she dated me? is that what you meant
User 1: yeah
User 2: tell him that he's not exactly a candy to look at and that if he's missing he's rehab so much, i'll be glad to help him get back there
User 1: hes an idiot idk why he hates you so much
User 2: man this dikshita can't do long distance properly it's so annoying like how much will i try zahraaaaa i totalled my phone ya i feel its karma i dropped it bymistake that also in the house. and the display got fucked
User 1: fuck true
User 2: i got an lg phone for now so eh cant complain its decent only and barely used contacts urghh going to be and issur where you going for dinner
User 1: not decided first ill go to his house
User 2: how was his paper
User 1: paper was very good wohoooo
User 2: great give him congrats sex
User 1: lolsipu yasss
User 2: how was last night
User 1: got too fucking high
User 2: and didnt get ladi laid  are you in the office rn? do you want to smoke, i;ll come to byculla by like 4ish 5ish im at the office nr rn
User 1: yep nai nai dont wanna smoke up during the day yesterday i was so high that i almost wasnt going to have dinner dude like were at indigo deli ordered for the sandwich which is anyway so difficult to eat i didnt have the bread lol just had the filling inside hi
User 2: hiiii
User 1: hi idiot
User 2: this phone looks so big after iphone lolll
User 1: lol how much did you pay?
User 2: 10k ezpz
User 1: lolsipu i havent even bathed yet
User 2: you directly tell me what are you implying
User 1: i wont make it before 12:30 atleastttt even 12:45 is dicey
User 2: haahhahaha good one you tell shivani
User 1: yepp
User 2: reply asap i'm very appreciative rn and i just want you to know you're an integral part of my life and i would be incomplete without you and you're one the purest people i have met and i love you and i'm lucky to have you and stay the same and please don't stop talking to me because of saquib fuck this ecstasy hits hard zahra i truly love you tho. thanks for keeping up with me for all the years fuck i'm just going to sleep reply
User 1: hi cutes how was the high?
User 2: you're just too appreciative like everyone was just having everyone and booze was basically water like i missed you too much please don't take this the seeing way and over think 
User 1: i dont over think about anything that comes out of your mouth dw
User 2: but zahraaaaa you should have been awake i would have appreciated you so much more i called you too man
User 1: i was asleep babe tell me now na
User 2: i really wanted you to answer the call last night
User 1: acha but tell me now na
User 2: tell whay
User 1: whatever you had to tell me gosh
User 2: now i don't want to appreciate you no  you missed it
User 1: ok f u
User 2: i'm having fun thanks for asking talk to me or i'll cut you you're just rude
User 1: too much happening in life cant keep up
User 2: shit with saquib happened?
User 1: no no just generally
User 2: tell me
User 1: hi hows it going it finally pouring in mumbai dude what a day i shoppped like a bitch got my nails done ate an insane burgerrrr
User 2: just woke up lol yes i saw the pictures. tooo intense thunderstorm was predicted for manali for the four days we were here but it hasn't even rained once lolll thank god just a nice 12degrees yesterday i played in snow felt like such a kid loved it where
User 1: lolololol grandmamas
User 2: oo yeah i remember too good be awake till late tomorrow
User 1: lol me and kate not happening bruh
User 2: fine i won't compliment you again  what plans today
User 1: youre back also?
User 2: i'm coming on wednesday but i'm going to pop thebpill today
User 1: idiot
User 2: that day i did 14 today i'll do half hehe dude world's best hash is pretty fucking goos
User 1: lol how is it diff
User 2: it's a paste form solid better small smell good mellow high that stays for a good time and no bt
User 1: ooooo i feel like hash is very tricky for me
User 2: forget all that
User 1: like i either get a good high or a bad headache
User 2: it won't make a difference with this
User 1: lols
User 2: man these guys want to smuggle again so irritating
User 1: you cant get it na? lolll
User 2: exactly but we are going for annabelle this week
User 1: ok
User 2: stay up :)
User 1: ill try lol
User 1: dumb
User 2: hi i popped
User 1: dumb so late im sleeping
User 2: don't hello
User 1: hi loser season five weeds wohooo getting too intense im scared
User 2: too far behind ikrrrr it's too cool come up
User 1: missed video call text
User 2: hii you up?
User 1: you psycho ?
User 2: i got that message late lol i'm confused hi suppp talk
User 1: watching weeds youre disturbing
User 2: okay have fun
User 1: ly
User 2: alcohol feels like water when you're high on e i'm already down 4tg peg
User 1: dont do drugs
User 2: you want to give me bt when i'm tripping balls?
User 1: ok gosbhhh ok talk asap sleeping at twelve
User 2: you sleep i'll text tomorrow
User 1: wheres the appreciation of me
User 2: hasn't fully hit me so sleep :p
User 1: text me whatever you gave to tell me ill reply in the morning
User 2: yes babe you should really show more feelings and not like a rock hard bitch all the time not many people know that sidebofnyou hence they judge you you're nice show it okay gn
User 1: thanks ha i dont think you needed to pop e to tell me this
User 2: my pleasure
User 1: i knew this dumbass
User 2: yeah well it didn't completely hot yesterday so
User 1: lol why you awake
User 2: just we slept damn late and i didn't feel like why are you up so early
User 1: gym na
User 2: lolll since when
User 1: r u mad one month of gym
User 2: oh some good graphs good good don't you skip a lot lol but you look good so eh
User 1: 3-4 times a week a good week is four times apparently i have a high bmr hence theres a visible diff in such a short period
User 2: oo i also want to get it done also the two girls made out. got six of us boys so excited it was beautiful
User 1: what even lame no
User 2: ecstasy no lol. plus im sure you've seen maulika and suramya make out
User 1: lol yes still
User 2: next time snap why you trying to spoil our trip negooo
User 1: no keep quiet only one day left
User 2: trip in the sense high trip
User 1: oh lol
User 2: thursday annabelle?
User 1: yes
User 2: let's hope i reach tonight otherwise if it gets delayed then tomorrow morning i'll reach
User 1: i dont think cause the runways open at midnight tomorrow morning for sure
User 2: ripppp
User 1: lol how do you not know but dude it got too intense ha
User 2: if it gets too delayed then delhiiii what you mean the rain?
User 1: like south bombay we didnt get to know suburbs was intense yes
User 2: i guess i'm meeting dikshita then loll
User 1: why dick
User 2: if my flight is canned then i'll go to noida stay at friends okace place and dik is in delhi so i'll goo visit her checked in
User 1: great lets hope landing is on time now
User 2: yass got some stuff let's see if i get a share or if we smoke it together shiv is out but we'll chill tomorrow let me know if you're free
User 1: yeah well smoke tomorrow what stuff doe hash or weed ?
User 2: hash
User 1: landed?
User 2: yessss
User 1: no problem at the airport?
User 2: nopee this time was eaay guess what we stole from the plane
User 1: headphones?
User 2: the life jacket 
User 1: why tf
User 2: idk they said we'll write manali 19' and everyone signs pretty messed up but what to say kinda cool
User 1: lame
User 2: fine
User 1: lol
User 2: reply asap
User 1: ?
User 2: dikshita took a break
User 1: why
User 2: man the same last semester bt i told her she doesn't talk properly and doesn't do long distance well and she's like i need to clear my head and all she said we'll resume once college starts
User 1: is she mad wtf is resume once college starts you arent a job its a relationship either yall are too immature or idk what
User 2: like she needs space basically for sometime so when college starts we'll see where we are worst is she's with her only ex rn and that is especially killing me
User 1: honestly i dont think shes serious about the relationship that
User 2: she is. she just can't do long distance for shit which is also what i spoke about today idk maybe but let's not talk aboutbit
User 1: why tf did you call me at 7:25?!!!!
User 2: because she broke up at six
User 1: why would u torture me but
User 2: i'm sorry that i was crying and so emotional that i had to depend on my good friend won't happen again
User 1: but why did she break up
User 2: she's like i don't feel the same way anymore she still can't get over how i treated pranjal she doesn't like the fact that she has to take my permission for stuff. which she doesnt shes like her not telling me what she's doing every minute of everyday made her feel good she said she doesn't like to share stuff anymore she doesn't want to go the same masters college as me she hates ldr but as they all say, idk what's going to happen man
User 1: leave her alone for sometime just accept her decision
User 2: yes ik
User 1: cause saying anything will drive her away further
User 2: yes why are y'all so fucking complicated
User 1: stfu she is
User 2: man i did everything right. i was such a nice bf she won't even be with me for masters i can't believe this is actually happening man
User 1: sometimes things arent in our hand its fine if its meant to be, yall will get back stronger than ever if not, its probably for the best saquib and i have had the worst years in junior college but now its impossible to imagine a day without the other
User 2: dude we had planned everything for the future. now i just don't what i'm going to do like even masters!
User 1: youre going to do what you have to do
User 2: she said she doesn't even wanna go to the same continent
User 1: apply for masters to the best colleges
User 2: idk what i have to do anymore
User 1: youre going to find new people better people life moves on dude its fine just dont think about it and engage yourself in something productive
User 2: dude it's dikshita manipal has given me some of the finest years of my life if dikshita is not there then they are already shit i moved away from mumbai for something positive and this is how i get treated can you take me for a drive today or like cool in your building
User 1: i have to go to kala ghoda fabindia in the evening want to come with me? cause like i have to gooo tomorrow ive to wear it
User 2: not shopping again
User 1: dont have to shop i know what i have to but buy just have to pick it up and what again youve never come shopping  lmk asap cause i had told saq tocome with me so ill can
User 2: dikshita. doubt that's going to happen again tho ah fuck this is that break up phase no no it's fine i'll catch up with you kater
User 1: just come na we can chill after we pick up my stuff from ther e i literally just have to take it and buy it
User 2: what time
User 1: 5?
User 2: bro
User 1: im drunk
User 2: i got stash so tomorrow g1 where
User 1: toit todi
User 2: toittt tellll
User 1: cant today
User 2: yes you will
User 1: i havent got out of bed all day
User 2: about time then
User 1: shh
User 2: please
User 1: seriously dude plus have to go for dinner to someones house idk how will i do that
User 2: whose
User 1: works at dads office senior level
User 2: oh lol. dinner gon be fun
User 1: back homeee
User 2: have to go to tuskers with jijus family fml
User 1: tonight i can chill if you can
User 2: highly doubt it
User 1: coolsie
User 2: till what time inout of your building idm anything when i ask can you come to byculla station to pick me up
User 1: approx what time?
User 2: it'll take a while
User 1: then can na cause its almost ten and im extremely tired
User 2: ok
User 1: you wont be here till eleven and ill be asleep by then
User 2: it's fine ik
User 1: marziyahs god bharai function was there today so extremely tired
User 2: alright do you want to roll and smoke one
User 1: nai already in bed with plates on and shiz
User 2: ok listen
User 1: bolo
User 2: i really have to meet
User 1: too late mom wont allow
User 2: it's so gloomy todag don't go to office na
User 1: yes if i could decide when i want to go to office and when not chal ill try to leave early
User 2: thank you
User 1: welx
User 2: jheal just gave me some big girl advice indirectly saying whatever dik said is true and whatever you said, go shove it up your ass. so i guess if all girls are saying it. i have no option except accepting defeat and crawling back on my knees and asking for forgiveness
User 1: wait i dont understand what do you mean by whatever did said is true
User 2: like even when she wants to talk to bad people that i don't want her to talk to for the right reasons, she should be allowed to talk to them because she should be able to do whatever the fuck she wants. and this is one thing i'll have to learn did you get skins and all
User 1: well buy when you come im already home
User 2: i'm in my spot
User 1: lol coming got papers?
User 2: yes
User 1: come to zero
User 2: i'm here i'm at the entrance
User 1: where idiot missed video call
User 2: thank you for cheering me up, driving me and feeding me :)
User 1: welcome bitch
User 2: so couple of things you need to good talk me in front of saquib cos i really can't afford to lose anyone else. not even kidding i know i fucked up but yeah and can you believe we'd never smoked up before this vacation. haha good vacation scene it was
User 1: yeah and this time we smoked everytime we met lol
User 1: watching the match?
User 2: came for spider-man alone lol
User 1: how was the movie
User 2: fine ish. like a filler movie. good end. you don't care why are you asking don't be weird
User 1: r u dumb im just asking
User 2: well it's weird finished b99 loll i'll give you the episodes
User 1: yayyy i was a bitch to saquib last night
User 2: lol why
User 1: and now hes ignoring me he doesnt call or text man its annoying so i got damn pissed and abused him and spoke rudely
User 2: aiyo you talk constructively not like a south bombay girl two years mai you're going to get married anyway 
User 1: no yeah i need to learn that
User 2: yess nevermind actually not like my advice worked for me  what to say
User 1: i ordered a burger shaped air pod cover to make up :( it looks so cute
User 2: orrrr send him nudes like a good girlfriend and start his day right
User 1: how cute is that r u mad he pissed like really pissed his phone is switched off since last night
User 2: how often do y'all snap
User 1: rarely we barely text also
User 2: i meant the sexy snap
User 1: thats facetime real time shiz no pictures and bs
User 2: and from a guys perspective i just gave you the best make up you're really missing it
User 1: i know my bf
User 2: that's good enough too actually
User 1: exactly
User 2: but since he isn't answering might as well keep his inbox occupied
User 1: nah thats pussy stuff
User 2: you remember dikshitas message that i made you read right that shit really works but then again we had good six sessions of it this summer and she still broke up so can't say it will work
User 1: gosh ok ill write after i finishing writing a wheelchair description
User 2: write or snap  i really hate girla such a nice boy i feel him 100 stop dwelling on the past!!!! you do realize this is the exact reason for my break up eh saquib is nice despite all his extra things you've said about him he's a nice guy
User 1: hes damn unbothered sometimes its annoying he doesnt call or text how is that okay??? three days in goa i barely spoke to him when he got back he spoke to me when u were there bas then didnt call but went to meet his friends next day also barely we were supposed to meet at night but he didnt call or anything how is he nice
User 2: yeah okay that's bad. just cos you fucked up last night's fight doesn't mean you should back down. i mean bring up the communication issue again just mind your tongue this time so you get your way
User 1: yeah mind my tongue das imp
User 2: i don't even know if you're being sarcastic
User 1: no serious i could have been in the power position had i explained myself nicely
User 2: exactly i like to play relationship anyone's especially now that i can't play mine i don't like to play my relationship at this level it's like that hard level in a game you let your older brother play and get you through hehe
User 1: i love the bs that you talk
User 2: but it makes so much sense
User 1: not really but ok long time
User 2: how you been we have to catch up omg its been so long
User 1: ikrrrr ive been miserable without you ya what to say
User 2: aww nee too we're so connected like gurlll i made mom cry again with the ugly truth like crying was her defence i'm just smh
User 1: what did you say
User 2: man it's like they've stopped maintaining the house since jheal left and they don't care because most of the year no one is living in two rooms remember start of the vacation problems so that only i'm like you should compromise in quality of living then she started crying saying you don't know what i go through since you two left i'm like that's not even related but couldn't say anything
User 1: as in cause she misses yall?
User 2: like she lost both her kids no so o told her change is the only upgrade and all but i don't want to come back to a unmaintained house
User 1: woah
User 2: what's woah in this like dad also you saw dirty the car is so i told dad the cleaner is there no he's like yeah it gets cleaner i'm like atleast make sure it's decent like quality control nothing is there they've stopped caring only
User 1: damn dirtyyy like id never drive a car like that
User 2: i mean it's not like you have to lick it or anything and the dirt is on the floor only seats are fine only but yeah during college time i feel poor thoda relaxed i wanna feel once i'm back no dude i'm so frustrated with my parents i'm just done mann i just wanna get out of mumbai very badly
User 1: i broke up
User 2: aisho why zahra
User 1: cant deal with him he promised breakfast today cause im not in town for three days and didnt wake up i called so many times why should i be with someone who doesnt care
User 2: i reached palladium i went inside zara and then came back home i just don't want to be around my parents i'm done with mumbai i don't want to stay bere
User 1: what happened but
User 2: same thing just not with dad too i don't want to get into it.
User 1:  how ar things with dick
User 2: equally shit fucking shit motherfucking city
User 1: calm down
User 2: well this doesn't fucking improve my mood or relationship
User 1: okay so then just calm down
User 2: dad is shouting at me i'm shouting baxk and mom is crying i really envy jheal
User 1: you need to calm down dude
User 2: idgaf they don't even want constructive criticism i would really trade places with jheal in a jiffy i don't need this bs when i'm on a fucking vacation
User 1: r u mad
User 2: family wise at least and house and cars where are you going this weekend i need to go shopping
User 1: pune leaving in the evening
User 2: and coming back?
User 1: sunday night
User 2: you'll come with me to shop next week?
User 1: okay
User 2: thanks love fuck i decided to come for shopping alone this is my first time it's so confusing okay so i need to buy shirts t-shirts then comfortable short for like home then formals for interviews and suit for graduation and shoes suggest a brands for everything replyyyy asap because i'm pretty lost
User 1: what did you finally get?
User 2: few shirts and polos from zara jack and jones and tommy tell tommy has hired such sluts to lure guys like me to buy stuff i almost bought shoes i didn't want done for the day barely got what i wanted ish
User 1: nice lol even calvin klein lolss actually ill tell you why they hire them later
User 2: cool she wasn't that hotnso lel
User 1: lol
User 2: tomorrow we are going ga
User 1: where?
User 2: palladium then lifestyle for formals
User 1: tuesday or wednesday
User 2: tuesday who is zeenats guybin comicstaan two
User 1: ill check and let you know
User 2: how do you not know
User 1: forgot the name
User 2: one more question
User 1: i dont think theyre a thing anymore
User 2: does maulika have a sister
User 1: or even were a thing
User 2: lol
User 1: yes
User 2: name? megha?
User 1: no vrinda
User 2: thank good okay go work now
User 1: why
User 2: we have more of a no questions asked relationship and i'd like to keep it that way
User 1: just tell me
User 2: mind your business na
User 1: i wont come shopping with you which im anyway contemplating
User 2: i'll tell you when you come for shopping then
User 1: yuck aaj tak: major roads in mumbai including tulsi pipe road, juhu tara road and sv road will be closing on tuesday due to a bomb threat by isis. here's a list of all roads closed on tuesday:
User 2: ew why you're disgusting i thought you were going to use this to get out of shopping
User 1: lol
User 2: what time will you be free telll
User 1: today will be damn difficult cause prime day sale so office is damn busy
User 2: so when i told you tuesday at that time you're supposed to say no wednesday you're so annoying
User 1: i told you tuesdaywednesday when are you leaving
User 2: it's fine i'll catch up with you in december i'd scored two booms for us. i guess more for me
User 1: ? today will tho deff not be possible tom ill try my best lots of work pressure dude
User 2: see you around
User 1: r u mad im asking when u leaving
User 2: saturday
User 1: so theres lots of time
User 2: not for you
User 1: fine do as you wish
User 2: i will
User 1: cool cheddar died
User 2: yeah i know saw the news then find something else plenty of fish in the sea or dogs
User 1: no he was the best
User 2: many corgis alive they'll kill him in the show as well i think
User 1: ill kill u
User 2: hnm is so cheap bapre
User 1: i dont want to work
User 2: wanna come to palladium? listen i actually need help with formals so i'm snappingnyout
User 1: working no
User 2: i have up on formals gave don't understand shit
User 1: try a size down pants look fine
User 2: then shoulder won't fit
User 1: shirt you might be able to go a size down is this slim fit?
User 2: yes this isn't slim fit but
User 1: as long as shoulder fits right its perfect size pants i dont think theres a slim fit option but anyway normal pants only look fine slim fit didnt doesnt
User 2: the formals at many brands are like thin at the thighs and calves pakka?
User 1: does it fit like this?
User 2: no it's looser at thighs
User 1: youre wearing it too low formals arent supposed to be worn so low wear your pants higher!! but yeah this fit it good
User 2: is this shirt formal or no i don't have belt man
User 1: it is isiot acha
User 2: i take the blue one or white or both
User 1: pick different designs and colours very plain na try some designs buy light colours
User 2: but interview you need plain na guess who just got caught by police
User 1: why why is everyone obsessing over this
User 2: oh dude i'll tell you when we meet tooo entertaining it was
User 1: do this to me also na thnx
User 2: let's ignore shivani and atleast we'll meet
User 1: cools
User 2: good girl what you doing tonight babe
User 1: meeting the boyfriend
User 2: shit i need somewhere to sober up before going back
User 1: lols
User 2: listen i have a good plan
User 1: no
User 2: first we meet at your building and smoke. then my suit in colaba and then dinner by seven
User 1: r u mad you said youll come to pg at seven suit if we get parking
User 2: but what time
User 1: you say what time will you come
User 2: we can smoke in your building before it so accordingly you tell the time
User 1: arey what time will u get done from nani ill be home at 5:30 dumb
User 2: i have to go after dinner
User 1: oh god youre so annoying what time do u have to leave then
User 2: 9:30 max i have to reach
User 1: r u mad 9:15 you leave
User 2: arre toh what time should i come to pg if we wanna do the suit thing too
User 1: suit thing will be difficult i can make it by 6:30
User 2: fine
User 1: ,?????? what time
User 2: 6:45ish i'll come
User 1: cool
User 2: so rude
User 1: what
User 2: you didn't even care i was leaving
User 1: are you mad hahahahaha
User 2: so irritating rude i don't know what moodni was in today like with yall all i know is that mood didnt help with dikshita and i finally cried since that day she said some very hurtful things very i'm pretty broken now :) i don't really see any reconciliation happening she literally said she didn't want to be physical with me on the last day but was too drunk that's a three year relationship talking kya kare aadmi iske baad let me know if you can talk over the phone
User 1: honestly, its time to get over her
User 2: it's been two weeks since break up are you mad you realise i dated sakina for two months and didn't move on till i met mihika eight months latet how's it
User 1: i dont understand lol
User 2: okay i'm at the airportttt
User 1: noice
User 2: you free tonigjt call me call me asap hii
User 1: hi idiot
User 2: how's mumbai without me
User 1: so peaceful i cant even
User 2: but who entertains you as much as me
User 1: its cute that you call that entertaining
User 2: i call it as i see it what would you call it
User 1: annoyment
User 2:  ghat no such word why you behave like you from fort convent wait, because you are 
User 1: you really think i didnt know that wasnt a word... or did you forget that i was the one who have the trinity college exams?
User 2: i like to not judge i don't even judge your wednesday be happ
User 1: cant talk rn
User 2: it's chill but please call me today?
User 1: having a sleepover after i go out so itll be difficult
User 2: okay listen you need to talk to me please like im better today but im not used to not talking
User 1: whats up
User 2: how have you beeennnn catch me up with everything
User 1: ive been good hungover af
User 2: these people are forcing so much alcohol down my throat this week bapre i found i need one more surgery this sem so rippp i miss mumbai it was fn placement thing starts tomorrow goldmann sachs test! x jybtyxgdfughnry8o likjfnymhn5ysnkbu ujdhtabgeubnkmy ok? irritating
User 1: nah disagree
User 2: not now man ish
User 1: no as i. in i didnt know at all fuck before you lol
User 2: hahaha lol okay can you please call me today jesus how many times to ask .....
User 1: just got home from work
User 2: okay then call if you can't can
User 1: tomm crashing have to wake up at seven
User 2: okay okay calllllklk asapppp
User 1: hi
User 2: i'm not kidding
User 1: ill call in some
User 2: i'm not texting
User 1: on the way back from pune ok geez im in the car!!!
User 2: no talk i'll talk normally
User 1: nai wait its a girl!! and im not a masi dumbass
User 2: you are are you stupid but whatever itbis honestly i'm too drunk to read but congratulations and i actually want you to tell marziya and tyzoon a hearty congratulations from my end i'm too happy for you 
User 1: im the jiji
User 2: excuse for this bs is in drunk what is
User 1: thank you j aunt ya
User 2: bothers sisters are fufi 
User 1: yeah that only but yuck who wants to be called that
User 2: whatever it is. i want to chill with her once. please handle saquib i beg. i'm really happy for you zahrat text me soon ily  also wtf is her name  i'm happy how much responsibility you have. ily 
User 1: done thank you jenit  naming ceremony will be on tuesday hahahahaha shut up
User 2: fuck i don't remember typing any of this lollll i thought i dreamt this i swear 
User 1: weirdo
User 2: convratssssss
User 1: ok gosh got it
User 2: but bro marziya actually knew it was going to be a girl hello
User 1: hi
User 2: hi zahra
User 1: i stopped watching weeds
User 2: fuck that anywah peaky blinders you watch or the office i'm on the 7th season i'm eating biryaniiii
User 1: send pic
User 2: i left the place now loll thirty peopleee good party
User 1: dumb
User 2: 4
User 1: my eyebrows omg
User 2: ikrrrr haha thank god it improved dude i saw one upon a time in hollywood
User 1: i had better skin doe 
User 2: fine your skin is nice ish now too dw add me on food again coool
User 1: wait will call back
User 2: ok so i got a job congratulate me
User 1: wohoo way to go! where?
User 2: thanks mumbai and bangalore i'll mostly take bangalore placement party is going ionn rn woohooo text ne
User 1: i got new earphones
User 2: i wish i could physician slap you physically
User 1: skullcandyyy the wireless shiz oh also i going on vacaayy
User 2: tell the drunk jenit because he will hear
User 1: r u psycho
User 2: i want to talk about a lot of things but not if you don't call so eh whatever you don't have the time so ciol
User 1: out rn
User 2: cool okay so final message. bhai ksrde call. zarurat hai sach mai. chalo goodnight shi we smoke together only  don't respect our stash like this
User 1: arey na geez its a meme laugh
User 2: hahahahahahhahahahahahha you're soooo funny omg i cannttttt also how bad are the rains there lol i'm seeing so many articles online
User 1: bas now damn bad water logging in the survives suburbs as usual
User 2: how's workkk hey sorry i just woke up oops
User 1: i was telling my friends about jai wanted another supporting member with similar views lol but they met him and figured it themselves
User 2: which ones 
User 1: shivs bday school theyre like hes not confident enough only to talk
User 2: hahah nice man how many people are there yeah i can't say much even i become thoda awkward in front of new people i think i've still been decent with your friends but otherwise i suck but yeah lol at him boooooo. poop he is.
User 1: u can talk better than him so ehh extra only hahahahaha 1010 killer
User 2: https:drive.google.comfolderview?id1in9mlmrxyupig4okxfrqgvwkt6z89hz0
User 1: geez too many
User 2: ae sorry i didn't mean to send this kink fuck this https:youtu.bezeql-041rne let's meet tomorrowww
User 1: geez why
User 2: i'm back kya scene
User 1: when u going back
User 2: you meet first
User 1: thursday?
User 2: tomorrow
User 1: cant going for a movie
User 2: cool
User 1: not going to work today and tom
User 2: toh we're in the afternoon meeting
User 1: done come home
User 2: i come now? omg you're sleeping
User 1: ??? ive go to go for dinner at seven hundred and seventy-seven thousand, seven hundred and seventy-seven
User 2: i'll come in a bit
User 1: tell me exact time
User 2: 10-15
User 1: mins???
User 2: yes
User 1: where tf
User 2: under your building open
User 1: give me one
User 2: term of sentence for embezzlement depends on the amount right? and what's the maximum time one can serve? in india
User 1: mostly dont know
User 2: fuck rip
User 1: why who committed embezzlement?
User 2: do you know the company religare
User 1: no
User 2: basically huge company. main guys did the embezzling and my roommate's dad who was the cfo got caught up he got arrested yesterday
User 1: damn
User 2: yeah pretty bad lol
User 1:  pls tell u disliked
User 2: noooo i want to match see what's up 
User 1: yuck
User 2: man i'm becoming soft i'm being sweet to people purposely???
User 1: weirdo
User 2: bro it's actually an issue i feel out of character
User 1: i dont understand you
User 2: just imagine you with zaynah but like with everyone (including poor, ugly and not south bombay people)
User 1: my question is why
User 2: so you know how you always take something from your ex relationship. dikshitas quality of being nice to everyone was quite admirable. okay she was gullible. but if you are mature and nice to everyone, that's some killer combo shit.
User 1: i could never be nice to everyone
User 2: okay fine not everyone everyone. but like me being nice to dikshita rn. like i have very very less negative feeling for her rn and that's is what is itching my butt you deleted this message next meal
User 1: living the confidence you go gurl!
User 2: fine i like this zahra
User 1: good for u
User 2: cool
User 1: dude listen na half a brownie before class good idea or bad?
User 2: always positive why you being so scared tho lol
User 1: but you remember na how fucked i got
User 2: we had to much bby too
User 1: bec of that day bitch how many hours does it last?
User 2: you relax it will be chill only
User 1: wanna see new friend? friends
User 2: airways always
User 1: friend bought pot brownies for his bday im damn skeptical last night
User 2: you only regrets the nights where you don't participate yols
User 1: its all because of u
User 2: how the fuck do you always find hot friends?!? yolssss
User 1: cause its mumbai bitch not manipal isnt that guy cute
User 2: i get more cities se log more diversity in looks wait i'll see all the pics later
User 1: see nowwww but still all look ugs
User 2: dude my new look of long hair and lenses is really turning out to be good i'm smoking up rn bhai
User 1: thats not being busy i disagree
User 2: well i'm studying simultaneously aee i do i wasn't wearing lenses in mumbai i forgot them lol ;p
User 1: smd
User 2: bro i have sessionals tomorrow fucking management subject bs stuff irritatingggg
User 1: just see the pictures geez it takes two mins
User 2: ok so some are definitely better looking than others but no one's ugly ugly so eh g1 i'll settle for anyone please set me up ly
User 1: idc about them did u see the guy?
User 2: and you have a guy i do so please care thoda :)
User 1:  see na also i look the best
User 2: everywhere
User 1: awww can u fckn see
User 2: i saw all the pictures jesus that's why he good
User 1: im talking about the cute guy see him
User 2: i saw him you fucking retard
User 1: comment geez
User 2: kitni baar bapre dyslexic ladki .
User 1: oh lol ok just read
User 2: going to office now atleast? or only college again?
User 1: both internship next sem
User 2: oho great man
User 1: cant do 6ams man
User 2: how are you balancing social life then
User 1: too diff
User 2: :p grow up chalo
User 1: good q
User 1: this is how im balancing dude fuck u know when he entered
User 2: tell
User 1: i saw him and tripped like almost tripped cause i was already two drinks down
User 2: . but cute saquibs really doesn't know about your side guys of any kind
User 1: i domt have any side guys they tell me they like me ego gets 1010 bas akshaan likes me i think 
User 2: but def a spare queue of bois if you ever need i will never know what that feels like  gg one more down
User 1: yeah dude wtf hes not told me explicitly but i get the feeling thats true 1010 awww issok you can die alone
User 2: arrange marriage nahi karna hai yaar bhagwan plis dedo let's see man i'm not planning to date for a bit anyway hookup miracle must must happen
User 1: no luck on tinder so far?
User 2: just talks. bit dry rn i'll reset it should get good matches then
User 1: oh thats how it works?
User 2: just focusing on myself and bs single people say shit yepp gets your card on the top again
User 1: and how does it down?
User 2: like when you've been on for a bit you get lesser matches in mumbai the cards never get iver over here toh you just get a few new cards a day and then they get over so eh even i was surprised when i learned all this as a person who did only relationships. pretty interesting stuff
User 1: saw the office? main admin 2 cabins
User 2: yeah but pretty bad connection. i missed some walks lol
User 1: hahahahaha
User 2: one cabin i missed
User 1: plus there are peeps around  that cabin didnt have good network wifi isnt done yet
User 2: neither do i 
User 1: wtf  i forgot manipl manipal
User 2: fuck you i'm in my neighbor's house. he has a good view but shit network
User 1: dont even talk about good views bruh this is some craze stuff dad and brother corner office lol
User 2: yeah but does it have mountains in it????
User 1: yeah exactly why lol
User 2: well sunrise and sunset and greenery and a graveyard and a football field and the largest hostel on the asian continent not sunset actually thats a typo ly
User 1: ill show you tom not going there again today view is insane
User 2: excited
User 1: her nails 
User 2: she did want to clean them so that counts
User 1: but she didnt so it doesnt
User 2: they are pretty can't say anything it's fine she's cute hopefully mature too
User 1: hahahahaha
User 2: can't date a kid again
User 1: yeah lol dude listen na need to rant assss
User 2: sorry was sleeping
User 1: awake now? yes u r so
User 2: hi
User 1: i think the other guy is hitting on me i think
User 2: how come you are awake
User 1: not the guy i find cute doe
User 2: lol
User 1: pune
User 2: bt
User 1: plus psycho its only 11:40
User 2: video call no
User 1: yeah dude major bt
User 2: you also early sleep
User 1: yes i early sleep but dude rant was why is he texting when i want the other one what is life
User 2: and i want someone and no one is texting hence true and isn't your hitting on line already too long
User 1: i never have an issue of nobody texting exactly my point the guy i like only want him to like me to satisfy ego
User 2: duh
User 1: aint something happening lol
User 2: ikt it's fine he might have been like oh i'll give him zahra
User 1: yeah but no he cant
User 2: if only two guys then they have divided the group amongst fhem
User 1: plus theyre right tight
User 2: exactly
User 1: so it aditya ends up liking me pritish wont which is a fucked up scene
User 2: that's what been decided for you
User 1: noooo not fair
User 2:  bro only thirty-three days for my college to get over
User 1: are you sad?
User 2: last sem has been too good and i've missed out on a lottttt because of my stupid relationship like i've had some of the most wholesome nights like proper college group should be tomorrow diwali lunch at friends place sixty college students so cute dikshita hag di life par yaarrrr
User 1: arey your sunday is tho lit true
User 2: haha yesss excited
User 1: should be ive had an insane month too
User 2: bro you really need to stay independent for some time
User 1: broke af not even kidding
User 1: wait till dad sees credit card bill
User 2: woh toh i'm always
User 1: not in india bro cant do that
User 2: dude i have to hide from the manager because we have paid two months ka rent 
User 1: imagine being in mumbai and being broke
User 2: can actually but anyway late for thay worseeeeeee
User 1: wtf
User 2: yeah man i'm kinda owed too much money
User 1: exactly so imagine how lit was this month
User 2: been a heavy one for the bois in my group lol
User 1: you owe peeps? or peeps owe you?
User 2: you drinking with your bf in new places is not exactly my idea of lit lit . 18k 
User 1: if it was just me drinking with my bf i would have all the money in the world just saying... lol wtff
User 2: because he pays  yeah man
User 1: exqctly so this month wasnt spent with him a lot
User 2: man couple of days back, this close friends ex, whom i've also smoked up with so like knew her and she was chill, committed suicide oh wait your new friendsss forgot
User 1: dudeee thats sad
User 2: bipolar disorder too bad
User 1: ouch too bad how is your friend holding up? wait i think you told me about her youve mentioned her
User 2: fuck yes probably. it's her  only one day was bad he slept on it and he isn't implicated they got like five diaries
User 1: not like that generally how is he holding up i mean his gf committed suicide wasnt he aware ?
User 2: he spoke to her like less than a week before her death and he was nice. he said you call or text whenever but we can go back to what it was. then couple of days after that he was thinking about calling but didnt and then reh gaya woh dude over the phone he is like "kar lena chaiye that" and that shit hit me bro ex da they weren't even in the same citu but first love so...
User 1: ouch that hurts
User 2: zahra replyyyy
User 1: huh hi
User 2: too late
User 1: what happened i slept
User 2: don't remember i was drunk texting
User 1: try to remember
User 2: arre i was in a damn sweet mood so i was video calling mumbai people and introducing them to manipal ones i introduced two kc people  to each otherb i wanted to show you my crush. diwali ki lipstick ne pigladiya
User 1: nails???? so lame
User 2: ha good i didn't include you. everyone included was having fun and you would probably just ruin someone's mood from 1000kms away lol
User 1: hahahahaha lol dudeee saquib is the sweetest he surprised me came all the way to pune
User 2: mai manipal se aata hu???
User 1: on the way back cant talk rn
User 2: okay okay the nail strikes back you know you're the best the why ask such questions
User 1: hehehehe ly
User 2: :)
User 1: loser
User 2: compliments chaiye ya nahi?
User 1: this is how i compliment you
User 2: try positives i hear they are.... positive!
User 1: what.....
User 2: nothing lol do you remember i threatened that surgeon dudr
User 1: who
User 2: diks sisters bf
User 1: yes
User 2: so the sister was pissed right
User 1: yes
User 2: so today i was walking on the road with a sutta in my mouth and see the other side, fucking dik and her sister and walking and dik was looking at me. then she tells her sister and she looks at me. i'm just like sup from the other side like nothing happened and they just walked off lolll
User 1: why do u do such stuff
User 2: that's too late i got new gossip
User 1: say
User 2: https:www.facebook.comsidhitandruncasevideos1553895341569824 do y'all know about this video or like case or something you so old case he rn i was smoking up and we found out that our new neighbor like a four month old who we're smoking with so we were smoking rn and we were talking about friends accident and then we went to the this accident so the neighbor was a guy in the csr and my roommate's family friend was the guy walking things got quite fucking heated
User 1: oh lololol too funny
User 2: what a coincidence right
User 1: yeah dude insane
User 2: what's up
User 1: guess who did i go out for dinner with
User 2: tell
User 1: your bff zeeshan
User 2: why will i wanna know that! ?
User 1: because ...
User 2: haat pagal
User 1:  hehehehehehe
User 2: how do you tolerate him how is saquib okay with this 
User 1: saquib doesnt have an issue with zeeshan 
User 2: dafuq yeah he don't know about the hookup no lol
User 1: i think he has some idea cuz i remember him asking me when he read my chat w sur but i was too drunk so i dont remember now
User 2: aiyo close
User 1: it wasnt really hooking up sooo
User 2: if you're clear now good enough enough for cheating tho
User 1: no? he kissed me i havehad zero feelings and it was for like a second
User 2: yeah fine cutie patotie while this is me rn kinda would rather be in your plsced place
User 1: the place looks so filthy i cannot
User 2: neighbors room. rest is pretty clean
User 1: no yuck i hate filthy places no
User 2: accha okay
User 1: chal????
User 2: when there has been sexual tension for a few weeks, you need to be thoda low-key about the asking out part no like recently we just met inside campus (i never met dik in campus ever) and like just spoke for two continuous hours
User 1: wow sparks flying exactly why you domt say chal lol
User 2: na. hoping for a hookup at best chal is the most friendbuddy thing to say noooo pagal you are but she kinda cute dude and damn nice eh
User 1: dont understand
User 2: don't you see me calling falling
User 1: no scribble and show where u r
User 2: bottom right after like two seconds
User 1: ok ew yuckkk
User 2: aise toh chickennka meat is fine
User 1: huh what
User 2: meat you eat is fine and this isnt
User 1: no obvs wtf this is traumatising
User 2: ah well i'm used to all this dude i got stitches and everything alone i'm a big boy nowwww and i didn't cry ps.
User 1: geez how do u do it
User 2: aadat se so many times i've landed in the hospital here you know na  dude i had a date tonight too cute it was listen nooooo
User 1: awww elaborate was at a house party
User 2: going to pass outm ?
User 1: yesss drunk
User 2: nevermind pass out i'm sure you have exactly two hours later
User 1: what
User 2: you have passed out by then i meant lel gm
User 1: lameo gn gm
User 2: see the group link
User 1: wait
User 2: just open the vdeo don't even see it
User 1: what sort of songs do you listen you
User 2: see the name of the song dumbfuck
User 1: yuck
User 2: be happy for me man . fuck it no. say what you want actually
User 1: good
User 2: zahraaaaaa
User 1: boloooo
User 2: so nothing is decided yet and no salary also but i got work in melbourne!! for next sem
User 1: wutttt insaneee
User 2: yeah i fucking hope it goes according to plan i'm kinda bummed about the money but my sister is pretty pysched i'll tell my parents after i get more info
User 1: bummed about the money as in
User 2: australia is expensive man. if they don't provide me with anything then it'll be toooo much
User 1: but then imagine the work opportunities youll get after
User 2: i already have work after that. literally the job is ready for me. but yeah i'll get sexy lors and good experience and i'll get to fuck white girls and this profile is too perfect for me.
User 1: ok then this weirdo
User 2: nevermind i found out that average australian girls are way over 6'3"
User 1: i dont think so youre highly wrong its 5.3 weirdo
User 2: you stupid or what? they tall as mfs
User 1: google it weirdo
User 2: okay fine on google it's showing that but my friend studying in australia disagrees  kya hi bole dude the uni looks tooooo sic
User 1: i disagree with your friend cuz its not true 6.3 is a lot noicee
User 2: you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message you deleted this message
User 1: ?
User 2: bro you know how reddit works right
User 1: no hi
User 2: hi yeah can i tell this thing
User 1: huh entertain me
User 2: so basically you join a community and then people in that community can see your posts, like, dislike and comment on itn so reddit has communities for literally everything. like from pot to hard drugs to a community just appreciating water and blah blah so i posted a picture of me in a community with 1.5m people and just see the comments bro too crazy anyway i'm baked hello
User 1: hehehe so cute with rujuta, seriously?
User 2: you do realize that we have been close literally as long as you and me have been close right? i'm sure i've spent more time with her given she was in smt also so well she was the cute high. it was fun for me to watchhh
User 1: idk why but i always found her thoda off lololol
User 2: she's the weird that i like. we use the word different zahra :p that tired of studying? 
User 1:  yeah man
User 2: when are your examss
User 1: watching christmas movies
User 2: yes i gathered from your snap my god oh dude i have a show you will love like you see the first episode and i already know you will die fornit
User 1: tell me!!
User 2: watch fleabag. you won't regret it.
User 1: netflix?
User 2: prime
User 1: coolsie
User 2: arghhh four consecutive days that's not cool fuck me.
User 1: tell me about it
User 2: accha tell me your prep for each day. like how well is it
User 1: plus ill be skipping the 21st cuz im flying on that day
User 2: where?? when will you give it then
User 1: jaipur allah knows zero started two assignments das all
User 2: love it so you started today  marriage?
User 1: yess ayushis sisters love me i know nope three days back lol
User 2: hamesha se jaan yeah it isn't going great now is it  okay i guess i'll just go fuck myself then
User 1: yuck and hi i was at a dance practice geez
User 2: but i'm needy and i was free and didn't mind meeting but we'll ae you look cute ish
User 1: tom lets
User 2: get stash from your boi no
User 1: boi is asking me to ask my friends for sole bud lol where did your bud go?
User 2: i was supposed to save it for my acid trip finished it last night 
User 1: nice
User 2: what time you want to meet
User 1: let me figure my dinner scene
User 2: guess exactly where i am lolll peeing in jaihind  there is some fest and the dude is like are you from jaihind (for entry) i'm just, ah junior those dayssss :')
User 1: loooololol why u there tho
User 2: had to get bca card remade and soo many peiple are pissing me off so i came here for some chai sutta i feel better now lolll
User 1: name the people if i want to sound like peeps from manipal id go like naam bol laash utha
User 2: don't try to turn me on  arre fucking driver then random dudes in bca like the guards blah blah
User 1: oh i thought your friends
User 2: i can meet you in 20?
User 1: no no not rn studying
User 2: clearly those fast replies imply that
User 1:  lets meet for dessert
User 2: but you the snack
User 1: eat me
User 2:  let's just do this
User 1: k ask shivs wait ill call
User 2: now i'm home comfortable tell me if you want to go later at night for a drive also idm
User 1: ha cool whats license status?
User 2: have but you'd dtiving you're
User 1: cool how tho
User 2: like i have a copy of the thing which i can drive with. and the original one is going to come whenever by post so it's allowedn
User 1: ohhhhh shivs said yes
User 2: what timeeee
User 1: wait saquibs coming home for dinner i need to know what time he has to missed voice call call me asap missed voice call missed voice call missed voice call hi long time no see
User 2: truly how's it been bro i'm fucked sk was on the phone and mom walks in with strains in her hand from my wallet and casually asks me so what is this and proceeds to smell the fuck out of it. so oh well.
User 1: what happened?!
User 2: when i came back they were asleep
User 1: damnnn best of luck
User 2: too scared to get up ya
User 1: i can understand but go get it over with whats your reason tho
User 2: i'll tell you if i use it :p
User 1: cool how did it go?
User 2: dad isn't home he went to play cricket let's see what happens when he comes back
User 1: what did mom say?
User 2: nothing met her also for less time even she went out
User 1: acha they might not even bring it up you never know
User 2: best case scenario but i have a good excuse ready if they don't bring it up let's meet
User 1: what huh if they dont bring it up lets meet?
User 2: yes lol
User 1: dumb coming with me to phoenix?
User 2: going with family for dinner
User 1: okay
User 2: so they are turning a blind eye on it i think i'm safe.
User 1: lol told ya
User 2: where you at
User 1: home
User 2: did you ask about the 3.5 maulika? bro trust me i've smoked it in malana. all the pot people will want it plus you'll get around 16-20 js
User 1: saq said no maul also doesnt smoke bash hash heer also doesnt smoke hash lol they all smoke pot
User 2: malana super cream!!!!! ask your law friends or it's fine otherwise
User 1: when u leaving for panchgani ?
User 2: thursday evening my lsd plan with anushka might not happen :
User 1: lol why ohhh
User 2: man her head is an emotional mush rn and since it's a brain drug like you know inner thoughts thing it's not the best idea that she does it
User 1: for example?
User 2: what for example?
User 1: can you get me some bud? still havent got any
User 2: yeah i asked yesterday even our dealer might can on us lets see what happens for the trip
User 1: oh lol ok if he has extra, lmk
User 2: quite the conundrum i want my bbg to smoke. but saquib comes along with her. if he hates on me. it's only fair that i return the favor.
User 1: geez
User 2: oye
User 1: yes
User 2: how many gs you want
User 1: how many do u have
User 2: it's not sure also so the dude we are getting from today my friend will ask him for more tell me asap
User 1: ask him for two if he has
User 2: does saq have gpay?
User 1: nope cash only why
User 2: we already buying 10k worth  so but cool i'll let you know
User 1: thats like 5? and how much ?
User 2: no 4. 2.5
User 1: oh okay saq hasnt woken up let him
User 2: mostly we'll get only you're killing ne
User 1: why
User 2: wake that boi up
User 1: yeah off ofc
User 2: yeah i don't know how second half of this year money has really been tight for everyone lol but it's fine. tere liye itna seh sakte hai 
User 1: what i didnt understand ????
User 2: nothing.
User 1: huhhh
User 2: get da maaannneeyyyy
User 1: ha tho obvs na?? dont need to be such a fucking dick about it. youre the one who fucked up.
User 2: yeah and we were fucking eighteen at the time. and i can't help it if your old super mature bf can't deal w it. and since then i've been nothing but nice and like a mature twenty-one year old i've told you also that hey idm apologising blah blah because i know i was at fault. if i'm ready to do everything and he isn't, i'm def not going to take extra bt of coming up with an elaborate plan for doing your and his work, i'm sorry that's not how it works and i know you know that's fair.
User 1: this is fair
User 2: i fucking got over what dikshita did to me and forgave her internally . so clearly now saquib is the one at fault or whatever you want to call it.
User 1: but youre being a fucking bitch and i dont like it if you dont want to call for two extra gs, let me know. i couldnt care less. you dont have to be a bitch about the fact that youre doing me a favour.
User 2: if your south bombay ass doesnt understand hindi chutiya this translates to "i'll do anything for you and whatever i do don't count as favors cos i'm doing it willingly"
User 1: then dont be mean to me  i stopped talking to kotesh cuz he was being a bitch to me
User 2: my god please show your attitude somewhere else. i'm not even trying to be a dick to you. it's the same thing i've been telling you for the longest time, that sort our shit with saquib because the two people involved, you and me, have clearly established that i was stupid and we are clearly wayyyy past that. like fuck i completed a degree after that 
User 1: and i dont like it when people are mean if im so adorable 
User 2: fine.
User 1: youre still stupid just saying 
User 2: tough love is what you need seeing you, you have thoda zyada easy in life no one should be this loved and girls do read whatever they want to and it's annoying af. but fine. i'm sorry. ly. jeez how sensitive you are love it 
User 1: who can not love this adorable face :333 ly2 geez never saying this again so cherish it im not 
User 2: because of the oil on it usa wants to invade it. ik .... . . . .
User 1: f off ok geez u made your point
User 2: yeah you're cute  aww okay meet me todayyyy
User 1: yepp i know thnx
User 2: hahahha i remember saying. so yeah. and like. hahah is okay till we aren't getting paid all this is allowed problem starts when the stuff goes on and money is on the line :p
User 1: oh fuck hahahahahahaha this is too mich plus not cheap liquor nice
User 2: we def getting have 5k by the evening tho because we are leaving tomorrow
User 1: i have 5k in my wallet rn dw saquibs leaving tom too
User 2: ooo
User 1: so have to give it today only
User 2: yep yep evening i'll call
User 1: what time?
User 2: let's see don't know like i have plans for the night so before seven only
User 1: coolsie sounds perf but 100?
User 2: yes bbg
User 1: sounds yum
User 2: tastes just like you
User 1: awwwwww
User 2: that was highly inappropriate and sexual idk how awwww is an apt reply but cool are there any kitchen hardware stores in your lane that you know of? i need a metal sieve
User 1: let me check i just woke up
User 2: bro sorry
User 1: donttttyttt
User 2: but like only one fornyou not two
User 1: whyyyyy :(((((
User 2: aafreen asked for it too but friend didn't have more money so only compromise we have it's purple punch
User 1: arey fuck ya
User 2: incase our boi wants to know
User 1: why didnt he carry enough
User 2: sorry truly
User 1: i dont think he cares lol its fine
User 2: perf yeah so i'm not getting anew laptop getting it repaired :
User 1: lol as long as it works what time you
User 2: there is no hurry no like before seven anytime na?
User 1: yes yes im gogris private event is there for her launch
User 2: we'll go for some lol
User 1: cool lol
User 2: headsup
User 1: jk kk know him?
User 2: na guess who's just getting back and isn't allowed to pass out even though i'm still too tipsyyyy i have to have breakfast and pass out 
User 1: lol wtf ouchhhh dumbass
User 2: bro okay i'm not kidding i swear i think my mom was smelling of strains fuck. like idek wtf i want to check the packet to see what the fuck is up
User 1: what happened??
User 2: she's sleepingpassed out in the room so well  but i swear bro i could smell it and since my body is so fucked if something is working then it's not placebo smell  like after drinking last night
User 1: youre confusing me i just woke up take it easy
User 2: read again from here aaramse
User 1: finally what jay
User 2: my mom smoked my stash in the afternoon.
User 1: thats not possible happened
User 2: spoke to my sister she'll come over on the weekend and talk
User 1: so your parents know you smoke weed? they spoke to your sister? and your sister will come and speak to you?
User 2: my sister had no idea we fought a lot on chat
User 1: why
User 2: even she properly apologised idk why you girls are doing that to me very new
User 1: lol
User 2: i got excited and she was concerned and blah blah lol
User 1: so dumb
User 2: noooo
User 1: ?
User 2: to mom
User 1: ohhh
User 2: i guess now yes
User 1: lol best of luck
User 2: going to be fun im tooo happy today i saw my mom stoneedddd
User 1: why did she smoke tho ego satisfied
User 2: i talk in this inappropriate way all the time do you send our chat ss to everyone but lol we'll find out lolll
User 1: no lollll
User 2: she rolled and shit  or dad did i like both the stories
User 1: i cant believe this
User 2: .
User 1: i dont think she smoked
User 2: bro. i smelled it. and the nug that was left broke into two pieces and only one was left
User 1: damnnnn insane
User 2: bachelor trip read y
User 1: lol reached??
User 2: leaving tomorrow morning now
User 1: why
User 2: because of one guy but i'm glad shouldn't drive till there at night
User 1: j im stressed
User 2: hi exams from tomorrow na
User 1: no not that i have two bags for four days
User 2: yeah but it's indian no. understandable but okay two it's extra but not very have fun paying for extra luggage lol
User 1: four days no no within limit fifteen kg seven kg
User 2: you just snapped me you dyslexic fuck
User 1: ok sorry dont shout im stressing
User 2: so what's the issue bbg
User 1: its embarrassing
User 2: i'll use this tone dw
User 1: thats the issue
User 2:  and you're prettier than all the judging people so oh well
User 1: thats the spirit j
User 2: when are you leaving
User 1: saturday 5:20 am flight so 3ish
User 2: i'm leaving at six am and i haven't even started loll
User 1: started what
User 2: any packing
User 1: bro im going for a wedding make up jewellery lehengas footwear its a lot
User 2: yeah true no i need jackets and shoes pretty much it
User 1: exactly over and above all of this i need what i stated above
User 2: needs omg but yeah truly okay send me snaps from there i want to see you look all nice hehe normally you look like a hag will be a good change
User 1: hahahahaha true okay sick1
User 2: so the trip isn't happening friend's family member is critical and can't come so even we aren't going
User 1: what a btttttt same thing happened w me lol college friends lonavala then got postponed to two weeks later why tho
User 2: arre he's not coming then we don't want to go you always have people you hate on trips that's why there is always so much drama around you loll we decided before only if he can't come because of this we won't go. and today morning they spoke to the big doctor so well sucks but eh we might go later but doubt it so we are leaving now lol
User 1: i dont have people i hate? i dont talk to people i hate lol how come
User 2: matlab there is friction arre so i'm sure the friend might be feeling guilty because it's best friends bachelor so we going to aamby at least it's closer so if anything happens we'll be back either tomorrow or day after
User 1: sounds goooddd amby will be fun too
User 2: exactly idm such compromises lel
User 1: yeah lolol my exams got postponed
User 1: 7th feb
User 2: i'm so glad i didn't do proper education in mumbai university wtf that's so far
User 1: ikr
User 2: how do they do it sooooo late
User 1: wasted time studying
User 2: like not you but people have been studying a lot
User 1: i did ok geez cancelled plans bec of that
User 2: okay this i know awww cutes is okay i'm excitedddddd in six hours
User 1: sameeee
User 2: i'm going to be on acid if i call you you better answer or it's going to ruin our relationship or text
User 1: bitch dont hehe when im w saq i barely use my phone
User 2: cool
User 1: so get ready to be bamboozled
User 2: blocking you then
User 1: sounds like a plan what time leaving
User 2: 6-6:30 i guess you really are a dick yep relationships do ruin friendships aarghhh
User 1: why so late shhhh nai wtf
User 2: because we decided at 4:30 so have to get thoda supplies our friendship is non existent in front of your, touch wood, future husband. much health friendship wow sup
User 1: thats some real food proud of u
User 2: accha so anushka is coming here today s tell me what all can i do like fun stuff in south bombay
User 1: smash?
User 2: arre give thoda more ideas no this i already thought lol
User 1: theres nothing fun in sobo
User 2: arre toh car kiske liye hai tell please something far also i have to decide today's spots because she did last time 
User 1: like what type
User 2: one cafe and then some normal chilling place to eat and talk and then probably something chotu eles okahy so we bowling at smaaash then the blue tokai cafe at mahalaxmi and then after that what to do tell me
User 1: wait let me think
User 2: okay cutes
User 1: go to ohoenix only na show her what ohoenix looks like
User 2: oh my god she's not from the village zahra but yeah what's there in pheonix to do....
User 1: the christmas market
User 2: what is it zahra idk all this i'm as villagy as you are assuming she is it was till only 25th bro
User 1: hahahahahaha oh its over?? i wanted to go ya what time u chilling w her till? wanted to meet going to lons tom
User 2: we'll find out incase she leaves early enough then i'll come pick you up but tell me what all should i do tell me this and i'll get hash for you
User 1: some fire pictures
User 2: how much make up you applied bapreee yeah this is tooo nice fine
User 1: hahahaha bud get ma
User 2: and this. but youre kinda unrecognizable
User 1: yeah dude
User 2: lol dont have da moneeyyyy
User 1: i look diff in that 3k bro wtf
User 2: your face looks flatttttt man i'll get you high you dw. but now focus on my da date
User 1: what time u meeting her
User 2: 3ish
User 1: lunch? wait calling http:www.thegamemumbai.com
User 2: thank luv
User 1: welx sup what scene dudeeee text when free will give u news thatll make u happy
User 2: what's up
User 1: tom now sleeping
User 2: vn please
User 1: no
User 2: goodnight
User 2: bolooo
User 1: saquib knows we chill and talk ok??
User 2: what exactly did you tell him
User 1: yesterday that im meeting shivs and jenit hes like hes that guy who liked u na i was like yeah two years back he was like acha you talk to him? i was like yep hes like coool i asked him should i ask him if his dealer has bud he said no nvm i said cool
User 2: awww thoda ego:p but okay yeah this does make me happy happy oh fuck it's actually almost two years  okay zahra good one. proud of you. ly.
User 1: thanks how was date
User 2: it was fun and hot yeah we don't get a lotta room so we just do wherever we get thoda space lol but yeah it got thoda bt she wanted to have the "talk" that oh are we going to date and all and after dikshita i can't bro for a while she knows that but she said "if i feel something is right then i just go for it" in my mind i'm like even i thought that phir three saal chutiya kata so no thanks so the end was a bummer but thanks the atria plan was too good.
User 1: welx dumbo
User 2: when you leaving for lonavala
User 1: four lunch date w the bf kbye going for a bath
User 2: bye
User 1: hi your dealer has bud ?
User 2: how much do you want
User 1: how much ever whats his rate
User 2: arre my school friend only got a lot i'll ask and let you know
User 1: cool lmk asap and how much ever is possible
User 2: oh man cool nice
User 1: everyone is short so i can distribute lol
User 2: steal one for you and me lol
User 1: well smoke a j with saq ;)
User 2: oh man you're starting the new decade with a new vibe wow. okay nice zahra
User 1: hahahaha yes
User 2: yeah finally we have become beautiful adults from the 11th grade shits we were
User 1: lol true
User 2: okay ly.
User 1: prove it by sorting bud dumb not by showing your feve face
User 2: okay wow fine use me the next decade too.
User 1:  hi
User 2: hi
User 1: sup
User 2: we meeting no
User 1: yes no
User 2: good no do you want me to get brownies
User 1: lol nai
User 2: else i'll try to get hash.
User 1: this idm
User 2: also strains aren't available :
User 1: what plans for nye told yaaa shouldve bought more when they were available
User 2: me and anushka are taking a room. pretty much that's it lolll tru
User 1: where
User 2: that we'll decide today. somewhere where we can stone aaramse lol
User 1: rather should have told saq i talk to u before only lol end time pe which place will be empty smarty
User 2: stop ruining one good thiing you have done after soooo long
User 1: hahahaha true
User 2: airbnb kinda place cute houses or rooms or whatever
User 1: at it since 1.5 hours three pages down
User 2: anyway we are going to be roaming around abut too
User 1: acha nice nice
User 2: half an hour per page not bad
User 1: dont get too attached
User 2: what are your plansss
User 1: she leaving
User 2: uffff  yeah yeah we spoke
User 1: zee jai and all throwing a house party dont know if saq and i wanna go
User 2: like we were high that day when you called and we were having the "talk" in the car and i realised i had started ranting when she got this topic up
User 1: so either that or well chill alone oh thats why so serious
User 2: and when i stopped, she cried. like she agreed with whaetver i said but zyada boldiya lol oops where but
User 1: lol his house
User 2: no no that time we were too baked having coffeeeee that was my i can't hide im baked voice lol
User 1: acha but your voice was weird
User 2: oh man even i want to do this but oh well i was trippingggggg
User 1: lolol his parents too chill
User 2: haha
User 1: could tell
User 2: man i just have to get through the 31st, like not asking her out. what if she tricks me zahraaaa
User 1: when is she leaving
User 2: aiyp
User 2: 8th ja jab
User 1: hardly any days lol best of luck
User 2: but you know i'm stupid and i fall for this shit and yeah like she's too smart and mature and all but she has too many things in common with dikshita. like i haven't told her but yeah fuck i'm noticing it all slowly slowly can't wait to get hit up by dikshita next semester in bangalore lolll
User 1: like what bangalore pakka?
User 2: man like i can't put it into words. like maybe girlfriends behave like that but no, there is very large extent of similarity yep leaving on 11th january
User 1: damnnn
User 2: yeah man again that time of the year do you want to see the place where i'll be stayinggggg
User 1: yeah show or i think you already have
User 2: oh wait yeah in the car but guests are allowed to stay over for free only two days a month! so must get a girl from the hostel onlyyyy  it'll be a bt if i hook upanushka hooks up fuck how to deal with that?
User 1: ill teach u
User 2: zahra okay okay sleep sleep you wake up and text me i'll start your morning of with a huge laugh
User 1: lolol hi yo
User 2: lol hello babes
User 1: how was your nyyyeeee
User 2: oh man. the bed was too small for me  so my neck is fucked
User 1: what shady place yall booked
User 2: oh don't ask bro but yeah except that the pot was good the food was better and the sex was best.
User 1: same same food was best went to jia
User 2: local is so good broooo oooooo fucks
User 1: duck prawns chicken deny
User 2: did you go for jais party
User 1: but beggars arent choosers
User 2: like you know man lol you know it
User 1: for some
User 2: and then saqs place?
User 1: yasss then his friends came over
User 2: oh y'all weren't alone
User 1: we ate so much last night
User 2:  yeah man fuck alcohol
User 1: we were alone for some
User 2: we grown up we need foodddd
User 1: we drank we smoked and we ate 
User 2: i'm glad i didn't drinkkkkk fucks
User 1: so many naka bandis dude
User 2: ubered everywhereee
User 1: traffic was fucked bc of tjay
User 2: spent 1k on this shit only kok
User 1: saqs driver was there but traffic lololol
User 2: oh
User 1: rather pay the driver overtime dude so we wanted to do fancy dinner ok taj regis or something
User 2: hey do you want me to roll a couple and come over?
User 1: i called to book table
User 2: we can talk all about it
User 1: sounds sick hahaha assholes were charging 15-20km per person!!!! im like ???? u mad bro
User 2: um what? pakka?
User 1: give me some
User 2: yeah confirm
User 1: ayu bf saq me planning din idk if its happening
User 2: the bf landed?
User 1: yesterday only
User 2: oh accha let me known
User 1: didnt go
User 2: you're so early
User 1: we were quite unsureee
User 2: what you want to do
User 1: idk feeling giddy to do anything atm
User 2: so remember how i asked you to tell me how to now date yeah i fucked up there she's like i don't want you to be nothing. like i want you to be an ex so can you ask me out till tomorrow morning and then it got delayed till please tonight raat tak let's see how it goes loll
User 1: so yall are dating??
User 2: for three more hours yes but we had the talk we decided to see how it is when we in new citiesn but fuck okay yeah i don't think i'm the hook up kind dude. i really like her
User 1: damn u whipped
User 2: arre if i'm saying i like her then how am i whipped  but these are conversations for when you're stoned which you don't want to do with men me
User 1: wasnt in a mood today :(
User 2: stoning is how you decide what mood you want to be in  i thought you already knew this it's chill going to roll myself some solo sess when everyone's asleep
User 1: this sounds sick
User 2: just did it it truly was
User 1: lol
User 2: what you doing my roommate is here let's do a nice wake and bake
User 1: gotta study from todayyy
User 2: chal don't do natak if you stone now you can be ready to study by afternoon
User 1: need to start studying in the morning chut
User 2: we four already rolled if that makes a difference anyway you'll procrastinate
User 1: 10:30 sharp if not ill hit u up
User 2: do this zahraaaaa
User 1: one min left
User 2: -4 mins
User 1: jokes on u i started
User 2: jokes on you that you're going to be sober
User 1: ok yes yhat
User 2: chal let us come noooo swear you won't judge this dude he good good lol
User 1: lolololol too fckn soon geez
User 2: otherwise it won't be wake and bake will it 
User 1: point
User 2: achha you tell bitcj i know you not studying studying we are leaving in five anywau
User 1: from
User 2: homeeeee
User 1: hi long time no see
User 2: hi
User 1: sup
User 2: leaving from santa cruz now going homeeee
User 1: why santacruz?
User 2: roommate took a room here for the night so was stoning till now manipalpeep
User 1: stoned the entire day?????
User 2: seven js 18inch pizzq and seven hundred and fifty of tea
User 1: wtfffff u psycho
User 2: we reached only at like 12ish  dude i got a really bad boil on my lip what to aoply
User 1: nothing vaseline just drink lots of water
User 2: guess what's made for dinner 
User 1: wheat what i have shezwan fried rice w sweet corn chicken soup dont know how to spell
User 2: schezwan pizza again  man when mom isn't home we don't get soup fuck this vacation i've had soo much food. like i'm glad i finally gained must continue in blore
User 1: whats a vegetarian pizza geez but sorrs you dont really have a say
User 2: i actually like veg simple pizzas more. pizzas aren't supposed to be heavy and stuffed unless it's deep dish lol but mainly this lollll
User 1: r u mad we make pizzas at home bbq chicken sick ones
User 2: arre toh you think i dislike meat in pizza
User 1: no no i know thats why this
User 2: your mom toh likes me maybe you should invite your jain friends for this
User 1: brother and marz make pizza not mum
User 2: marziya doesn't hate me def so 
User 1: hehehehe true
User 2: you were right man thank fucking allah she's not ugly touch wood she looks mashallah
User 1: i know yaaa
User 2: noticed how i've never held her 
User 1: me in my baby shark pajamas
User 2: tooo scared of that delicate thing whos even looking at you
User 1: notice how shes drooling all over me literally chup
User 2: had to zoom in  we both know it tru
User 1: this funny doe
User 2: zahra i asked the dude to update my picture on the aadhar and he said whatever you take now is only going to be on your card. he was implying the pimple looks tooooo ug  you bitches need fake lashes while i'm slaying it
User 1: lol beautiful
User 2: i have more hair here than your entire scalp
User 1: das not true you never came??
User 2: dada had to go to the doctor and elantra is down again lolll so had to come back directly but idm coming
User 1: is it a good idea to go to a wedding high?
User 2: always no
User 1: always, yes? always, no? please use punctuation
User 2: . abbe fort convent wednesday bolne mai you fuck up
User 1: fazlani stfu
User 2: one slap i'll give you
User 1: not any better 
User 2: are you fucking sure are you going for a wedding tho
User 1: already here babe even u know its true with shivs and all school friend
User 2: man fuck you we are igcse
User 1: a brother s whats the point if you cant use proper punctuation bitch
User 2: that no wasnt as a positive or negative it was like but you a sobo bitch so na isnt good enough for you hence the no hence always no
User 1: i need to pee its too cold and these bitches are late
User 2: where is it
User 1: bori place
User 2: ? area i'll understand no
User 1: dongri you know najam baug
User 2:  don't die or get cut while you're there i guess lol
User 1:  yeah for sure notice the emoji next to my name
User 2: you only put it bro i had full dinner and went for smokes some how got invited to muslims placr had dal gosh after that 
User 1: dafuq nonsense
User 2: you think i would put a heart lol
User 1:  what tp is this are yall high for this
User 2: no lol
User 1: more options
User 2: or this color is this frame good. but tell fast reply
User 1: wait diff frames ? this is too experimental
User 2: nothing was that great
User 1: im not sure about these go for square na
User 2: gangar whats the range because this is costing me 10k with the frame
User 1: depends on the brand i prefer lawrence and mayo nicely priced with good variety
User 2: no man i've gone there twice and almost bought something i haven't liked so na fuck i'm scared i got damn delicate specs
User 1: u bought them?
User 2: yes the full black one
User 1: priyanka said it was nice?
User 2: you mean anushka? 
User 1: oh lol my bad and yes
User 2: she hasn't replied because she's driving back from lonavala
User 1: she drives?
User 2: and i knew whom to text for fashion advice lol i didn't even bother textingbheru yeah she's a decent driver like not the rash confident one like us but she rides tooo well she took me and another chick on a tripsy lol bblunt does eyebrows nooo i don't wanna sound stupid asking them
User 1: dont know ha smart you aint rash confident you only rash
User 2: stfu i love it when i get women hairdresserers they always flirt too much with me i love it and i always go in with a jungle of hair and when they see hey this boi so baf they start ufff loved it
User 1: ? paagal
User 2: suramyas girl
User 1: i know sur has helped her a lot through everything her mom has taken veronicas mom to the hosp
User 2: dude she changed my parting and i was like to crazy lel
User 1: after she got panic attacks
User 2: aiyo
User 2: good good
User 1: hi was at a wedding
User 2: man so when are we chilling is the question
User 1: tom night? not too late but have tests on monday
User 2: nope meeting anushka at night afternoon or morning let's go for breakfast never done that
User 1: cant either afternoon ive to go out
User 2: .
User 1: meet her no in the evening hatt bfast chut
User 2: arre 10am we'll go dw proper cute bfastttt it'll be fun chal na
User 1: no pls nai dont want to wake up early on a sunday
User 2: we actually won't get time unless you'll meet me after exam when you have so many in a row chal do it for me
User 1: just woke up
User 2: hi
User 1: sup
User 2: leggo
User 1: shhh meet me at night na
User 2: ik i'm going to come late and won't be able to last day with anushka
User 1: meet during the day no full day is there
User 2: don't ask lol zahra dont do like this this time i'll be gone till june and i want a nonveg brekkiiieeeee zahraaaaaa
User 1: bfast aint my thing baby
User 2: arree then you meet me in july bitch areeee even i don't go for breakfasts but we can do something wholesome no
User 1: when u leaving
User 2: 11th
User 1: ha tho theres time na overacting
User 2: 9tj you have the thing with kruti and all 10th i might go with school before that exam and 11th afternoon i boucne
User 1: before that ill meet u 
User 2: you petty
User 1: why does he have to post such things then
User 2: he posted the video?
User 1: yeah why else would i have told him its like he called for it lol
User 2: arrea i thought you sent him the video hahahaha yeah okay the. good reply for sure no ew
User 1: u think im psycho??? i know  shut up i really need to stop using my phone and study
User 2: if you had an ongoing conversation then i guess yeah you can send him lol  download an app that has zen mode if iphone doesn't have it
User 1: we talk at times very rarely tho cause he in canada na what app
User 2: talking to cheating ex's let's see if i get that opportunity zen mode
User 1: talking to exs who are still madly in love with you wont get this opportunity
User 2: thank god
User 1: dude im at the club and this uncle has the same glasses that u bought in gold tho
User 2:  it's a common design and don't you have an exam tomorrow
User 1: yes i do stopped studying for it at three
User 2: hot
User 1: went to phoenix scored steins strains smoked that went for dinner
User 2: what time does your exam get over by and what are your plans
User 1: meet at night after dinner ill finish studying
User 2: perf
User 1: heading home now
User 2: how was the paper lol
User 1: amazing i was meant to do this
User 2: oh man okay finally you sound thoda good love ittttt
User 1: lolol thanks
User 2: zahra make a linkedin
User 1: what time
User 2: post dinner
User 1: yes
User 2: get down in five i was giving a guest directions in your building
User 1: hehehehe dw apna hi hai
User 2: will miss you keep in touch
User 1: chup paagal
User 2: my childhood friend is getting married in eight days with someone born in 2002
User 1: okay so update spot patches on two for pimples one for the wound to heal lol lets see what works
User 2: oh man i'm praying for us oh man i hate hate my friends that's my dadi see what he said fml
User 1:  lol it works ha
User 2: oh fuck nice
User 1: like
User 2: i got a new one today lollll send me the prod link need to stock up 
User 1: the face shop dr.belmeur clarifying acne spot patch kit eighty patches hydrocolloid band for pimples  spot plaster band to reduce acne marks,15g https:www.amazon.indpb07ds7319mrefcmswrwaapiiahgfeb73p7b41
User 2: eighty patches nice.
User 1: forty actually first youve to put on acne
User 2: should last a good month
User 1: and then to heal the wound lol more na im going to my dermat this week get ready for flawless skin bitchezzzzzz this was my new years resolution lol
User 2: you seem my face? get a hair transplant whole you're at it yeaj
User 1: true af true af
User 2: bro how many days did your thing take for delivery
User 1: came the same day lol
User 2: oh lol okay even i ordered yesterday and it's coming today hehe
User 1: lol lol
User 2: yeah i doubt we'll be able to meet
User 1: why
User 2: first cousins dadi passed away and they live in the building only
User 1: oh okay sad
User 2: what you doing
User 1: college getting done at 11:39 0
User 2: ooooo. wanna come to the airport?
User 1: lol no what time flight?
User 2: 2:35 t1
User 1: oh lol best of luck
User 2: it'll be funnnnn comeeeeeee
User 1: dont think it will be
User 2: well then adiosm
User 1: see u in two weeks bitch
User 2: highly doubt i'll have time i'll see you in six months
User 1: arey ya okayy
User 2: arre im not being rufe i have multiple functions loll
User 1: cool cool geez
User 2: come no to drop meeeee
User 1: just getting back home from college too dead
User 2: yeah it's fine won't be asking for your help dw
User 1: arey dont be a psycho
User 2: since i won't be meeting you anytime soon don't need you anyway i'll find someone else for my skin treatment 
User 1: geez stop being a baby
User 2: but babies get to suck on tiddies
User 1: ew
User 2: like your boi will be doing vvvv soooon
User 1: geez i cant even
User 2: dude me shifting to bangalore it's still not hitting me
