User 1: dude do you have the royal embassy's house's pictures
User 2: noooo ill try and get from anu
User 1: asappp
User 2: im drunk rn so ill do it tomorrow 
User 1: same pinch hehe goodnight
User 2: hahahahaha goodnight 
User 1: next time please don't invite dikshita to four hundred and fourteen thanks.
User 2: i knew this was coming and okay
User 1: thank you. i thought you'd be smart enough.
User 2: yeah youre right on hindsight, it was dumb but she had fun and there was no controversy
User 1: don't need your sarcasm
User 2: im not being sarcastic at all  arrey im serious i just told dikshita too
User 1: i'd rather not have my girlfriend around people who are molester sympathisers and people who tell her to get the fuck out of the house oh sorry, thanks.
User 2: but i genuinely forgot all that happened, it didnt even cross my mind yeah i know
User 1: it's fine now forget it. let me fight with dikshita only
User 2: yeah, it wasnt even two hours long good luck :
User 1: doesn't matter. 
User 2: shes a little stressed about it though, dont give her toooooo much bt. :p
User 1: in our relationship we fight about two things: her class friends and my ex roommates. she's getting bt whether even i like it or not
User 2:  as i was saying, good luck
User 1: so
User 2: tell me
User 1: i have included your name in a lie that i can't back out of  all you have to is put up a story on dikshitas birthday to advertise a wallet thank you so much
User 2: what what i am confused
User 1: you just have to keep an insta story a month later
User 1: i mean i could have said any girl's name except dikshitas your name came out of my mouth i'm sorry i can't help it i'll show you my acting and dancing as a way to show my gratitude on a side note, sorry for the weird question, does dikshita still remove your or any other girls whiteblack heads 
User 2: yes she does she has a fucking problem i stopped allowing her access to my legs whats the lie though
User 1: and as a bf i must solve it hence one of her birthday gifts is electronic white head remover and if that's not enough, she's also getting a pair of metal tong-ish tools specially made to remove stuff
User 2: arrey yaar stop enabling this shit what the fuvk okay okay got it
User 1: i just want to make her life comfortable in every way you do realize that i know i'm fucked too right
User 2: shut up exactly
User 1: dude my mom asked me that the gift isn't for dikshita right? i panicked and yelled no she's like chill, just give it to her from my side it's like we're already married 
User 2: amazing man if youre going to get married anyway, do it quickly no i want to attend a wedding drunk
User 1: except the wedding and haldi function i was so baked for my sister's wedding i can't even tell you are you going to be sober after graduation? don't think so
User 2: i really cant even be sure anymore
User 1: haha why are you in alcoholic now ? an
User 2: i fucking told everyone that they shouldnt let me start drinking because once i do, theres no stopping me and nobody listened to me look where we are now it runs in my family
User 1: man i used to touch jijus kaki kaki's feet like for respect, and as soon as i enter the after party that fat motherfucker made me chug tequila. i think my sister will be just fine  my family didn't have non jain food at the wedding. wish i could relate 
User 2:  at all!!??!?!!? how are you satisfying your chicken craving i dont understand  what the fuck  is that a smoke detector
User 1: yes we weren't caught. but apparently dad lost some deposit money because someone burnt the couch 
User 2:  too wild
User 1: send jappes number na y'all are still there only right?
User 2: yes
User 1: very informative thank you
User 2:  is that a....dildo
User 1: no wtf you cheap people shi
User 2: amazing  amazing
User 1: you know it's going to be used on only us right? so dibs on the top tip in the pic. seems least painful
User 2: ugh i dread it
User 1: i tried it all. hurts like a bitch. and it looks like you have just did the fire cup thing on your nose
User 2: okg wtf im not prepared
User 1: send sahils contact
User 2: fk off
User 1: fine i'll give one
User 1: so good right
User 2: yes ofc
User 1: it's marijuana
User 2: its michael jackson
User 1: mine is better and apt divya gave all the gossip too gold sucks for you tho lel
User 2: thnx i appreciate 
User 1: chill da it's fine it's will be sort eventually
User 2: yeah i hope so too
User 1: his first love aw 
User 1: it's fan sweet okay i'm toh sanjits side
User 2: what the hell rude
User 1: throwback to 11th
User 2: why
User 1: first love aka andha pyar if it makes you feel better, he's going to find someone much hotter if history is to repeat itself 
User 2: fkn rude bitch 
User 1: man if you don't want this to happen i suggest you date him what else nice boy toh he is first timers are very awkward i'll vouch for him brocode
User 2: stfu dont want your 11th grade wisdom on this 
User 1: nah i'm just saying. all these south indian boys don't go through puberty well they don't like girls eg harsha so since sanjit took the stand of being up front, he's pretty head over heels jaisa. deserves to not be hurt. nice boy. that's my input in this topic peace
User 2:  thats i think the nicest thing youve ever said lol
User 1: see i'm a dick but i'm a fair person. you're being as neutral as him
User 2: what why are you talking to him
User 1: whom?
User 2: oh did you mean modi? 
User 1: duh can you please go easy on the actual reason dik told the girls before i could tell her not to. so please, stop the circle at yourself only 
User 2: yeah yeah i was just kidding 
User 1: i'm really trying to conceal and you're not helping chantal had bought it so nicely how is the truth ever a joke
User 2: how am i supposed to know this everyone believes your shower story bro dw sorry 
User 1: don't need to be itna sorry it's fine
User 2: hows the hand though
User 1: two weeks till i don't need dikshita so slowly and steady healing i guess
User 2: thats tmi bro tmi
User 1: what i'm inferring is that the cast should come off in two more weeks let's hope i learn how to write by end sem please to send
User 2: jenit jain youre in 318? pls check if my pouch is in the desk
User 1: since
User 2: 2nd bench the right column which is facing the board
User 1: blue?
User 2: yas transparent-ish is it there?
User 1: got it what to do with it
User 2: keep it or give it to someone that i know who will be coming to the block
User 1: i'll tell anushka to give it to chantal gave it to anushka
User 2: cools send anushka s number
User 1: where them golden words bro
User 2: please thank you
User 1: you're learning quickly chocolate croissant and gola brilliant cinnamon bun too but it's one hundred and sixty so i just saw it and liked it
User 2: great ew wtf
User 1: hbd
User 2: thanks
User 1: give dik hotspot okay? thanksss
User 2: i did i did
User 1: listen
User 2: tell me
User 1: did divya tell you what we spoke about at hashtag
User 2: wait what nope not at all what did you talk about?
User 1: that's the thing. i was too drunk and i don't remember
User 2: i think even she was too drunk to remember it because she wouldve def told me 
User 1: nah i think i was mean not sure kinda feel bad !!! get it out of her mission
User 2: ayyyyyooo dumbfuck  okay i shall try my best
User 1: lastsemdramacontinues
User 2: dude dont even get me started on the drama this sem has brought in 
User 1: without mine whose tell give me something i'm kind disconnected af
User 2:  mine ill tell you the next time i see you lol
User 1: yeah see that never happens see we both need reasons to procrastinate fr sessionals might as well gossip
User 2: ill tell you if i see you after my business classes
User 1: from
User 2: bitch i have too much left youre not understanding i didnt do jack shit but anyway its too much to type
User 1: i finished three subjects in a day kaccha pakka so i chill fine i'll start
User 2:  start ill check after i do something 
User 1: so i heard dik wanted to get her new toy to your place  fair enough
User 2: oh ya  didnt happen yet though
User 1: oh that's because it happens at student plaza and in kc parking lot according to my sources :p
User 2: oh god everyones doing everyone dude
User 1: gimme names plis
User 2: lot of people are getting action this semester its nice
User 1: just pairs
User 2: fk
User 1: include yourself if you have to
User 2: okay i know more about breakups actually srishti and her guy
User 1: tell me everything urghhh
User 2: anjali went on a tinder date i went on three  literally my house is almost a brothel divya also got some this semester big time balling
User 1: how many who uses it damnn
User 2: two me  divya not yet but soon
User 1: ae man good chalo good everyone is getting
User 2: thats what you tell
User 1: oh i'm dry dry and some then some more really focussing on myself and stuff it's alright. better wait for an upgrade of dikshita rather unlike her, who went a downgrade of me :p congratulations on isb omgggg
User 2: thanks jenit still. cant. process.
User 1: and we arent even iitians fuck emmmmmm
User 2: hahaahahhaha in their faces
User 1: who else got in? your entire group applied no lol
User 2: nobody else i know only two people from mit yeah pretty much 
User 1: who elseeee big dick energy 
User 2: arushi tandon or someone, idk her damn straight
