User 1: sun metacarpals take approx how much time to heal after fracture
User 2: is it a hairline or dislocation? did you fracture your hands? 
User 1: man it got dislocated and i thought ill just push it in. but apparently you should pull and then push it in so like i dk ya man two of them
User 2: oh god you are not supposed to do it yourself
User 1: lol
User 2: just go to a doctor once get xray done either he'll fixate it or tie it up do it doesn't get worse ya but it is going to take about a month and half to heal completely i feel how did it happen 
User 1: fell awkwardly in the bathroom he sai that he'll take ct scan tomorrow. might need a surgery ill send the scans tomorrow will you be able to check if surgery 0is absolutely necessary
User 2: oh god oh god that's way worse shit
User 1: i dont have attendance only because of the wedding
User 2: i don't really know how to read a ct scan but okay i could check with a doctor here if you need
User 1: show it to teachers. some extracurricular for you
User 2: oh ya ya ya i'll show
User 1: good one thanks
User 2: no problem is this the only image you have? also, what did the doctor say?
User 1: i basically shattered my 5th metacarpal into powder 4th is also a bit broken he said that mostly slab should be enough. 5 change that it will pain the future without surgery so i'm not talking it
User 2: shit ya get it operated only na then although i'll try to show this to some doctor in college tomorrow don't you have the proper reports but? like the hard copy of the scan with you i'll show it here also just like a second opinion
User 1: four day admission thanks
User 2:  is it your right hand?
User 1: yes
User 2: fuck take care ya
User 1: waiting for scans will send in a bit gone your email
User 2: okay no problem riti.sanghvi10.rs@gmail.com
User 1: i'll upload the ct scan on going drive size is too large i'm sure the teachers will have the required software
User 2: ya got it ya it's not opening on my phone, so i'll take it on a pendrive and show it tomorrow to the doctor i know hopefully the file isn't corrupted and it will open
User 1: not corrupted you need a software to open dicom images remember this
User 2: i downloaded an app and i can view the images there
User 1: give good news
User 2: sure
User 1: https:drive.google.comfolderview?id1leqnvqlfrztnmnad13voefsd775lso2x i think this has everything
User 2: okay so the doctor i know comes oy on tuesdays and fridays so should i show it to another doctor or do you want to wait? let me know before twelve
User 1: just show at least
User 2: okay
User 1: bt
User 2: ?
User 1: bad trip
User 2: quite literally
User 1: aisa mat bol yar
User 2: it's just bad luck man hey. i reviewed his ct. as there is intra articular nature of fracture, which is not reduced on plaster. he will require surgery in the form of most probably k wires.
User 1: fuck
User 2: it will be fine re just get it done it's your right hand don't risk it also did you meet your hod?
User 1: he's still on vacation till monday mostly
User 2: nice life he is living
User 1: so i'll have to wait
User 2: ya wait till then and get it operated pain is not there na now?
User 1: can't i get a1week healing x ray to see any improvement to get it if the surgery zero
User 2: arey but it is not going to heal with a plaster re
User 1: what slab was he saying then
User 2: those are really fine bones which won't heal well even if there is plaster for a good amount your doctor? of time
User 1: yes in case i don't get the wires. he able said recovery time is saying also
User 2: he also said that there might be issues in the future it is not a major surgery
User 1: arre then they'll keep me for four days full waste
User 2: there is a high chance that your hand functions might get restricted if you don't get it operated upon na holi ka long weekend is coming
User 1: he said this won't happen man mom will come here then
User 2: see this is what this guy told me and the other junior doctor also told me the same thing so i really do think that your doctor after meeting the hod is going to ask you to get operated what's the problem then
User 1: yeah think so too let's see
User 2: ya just wait till then sup did the surgery happen?
User 1: yeah man 3wires sticking out your pictures from the wedding are very fuck so all
User 2:  best wtf thankyou that is comforting
User 1: you yo doctor reply asap
User 2: what did you break now
User 1: no man so the cook fucked up chicken biryani. i had the chicken. one piece was good. one piece was so bad that it had blood in it. i didn't have a bite from that piece but put it in my mouth
User 2: tbh i don't know how to cook that
User 1: so of i get salmonella wtf should i do if
User 2: that's a big if you will probably get bad diarrhoea plus stomach acid should destroy it so don't worry
User 1: good talk. thanks. talk to you in december (hopefully i don't break something)
User 2: bye
User 1: happy birthday !!
User 2: thankyou!! happy birthday!
User 1: thank you! doc hi so how bad is it if you don't get a skin graft
User 2: what did you do to require a skin graft?
User 1: none is fine but the skin was kinda smashed between scooter handle and auto bone
User 2: if the doc told you to get a skin graft and if you don't you it will leave the wound open and could heal slowly or infection but i am not sure why you would require skin grafting for this what did the doc say?
User 1: ill send a pic getting sutures now loo
User 2: okayy okay that looks deep but it's a small patch so not sure if it would require a graft ha
User 1: bhaiiiiiiii
User 2: but could definitely leave a scar whattt
User 1: bc fucking interns so the chick had a crush on her senior she's like let me do this this this
User 2: i am hopefully going to be one too next year
User 1: much karna aata hai nahi
User 2:  that never ends well
User 1: dude she took the suture and kabka
User 2: did that intern tell you skin graft laga na padega
User 1: shoved it in my bone and anaesthesia also she gave
User 2: also were you like high or something when you were riding the activa?
User 1: no bro. i wasn't even going to hospital. but then i applied ice on the bloody area and blacked out in the restaurant where i was washing hands 
User 2:  oh god why would you not go to the hospital your right hand is for sure jinxed ha
User 1: and in her second time, she was pulling the wire and it came out from the other end and last try, puri skin hi nikal di. instead of two they gave only one suture
User 2: okay that image is horrifying but just keep it clean ha it's thoda deep mostly toh graft and all itne chote wound k liye nahi chaiye
User 1: but like is it compulsory compulsory
User 2: no re it's generally for large burns and huge ulcers and stuff where the skin wouldn't grow back easily plus it's done under general anaesthesia so just for this much it's highly unlikely
User 1: besttt an intern here was like if it gets infected and spreads then amputation??? i was like dafuq
User 2:  that's a very remote possibility but ya do keep it clean did they give any ointment or antibiotics?
User 1: hamesha right hand yaaa antibiotics
User 2: jinxed told you na oh perfect takes those take
User 1: yep let's hope it's fine my exams start in nine days
User 1: how often do i have to get the dressing changed?
User 2: change it 3-4 times a day if it is getting wet a lot or around two times also works
User 1: wait what no it's not getting wet at all completely dry and it's been two days and i haven't gotten it changed i was given any cream or ointment to apply
User 2: okay that's nice 1-2 times a day works then keep it dry only
User 1: wait so i change it myself?
User 2: yess shouldn't be a problem send me a picture of the dressing they did? ya i think you can do it on your own unless you want to get it changed and get a follow up done to make aure it is healing well
User 1: okay and what do i put directly over the wound
User 2: from the hospital
User 1: you're doing that
User 2: soframycin hai?
User 1: i'll get it
User 2: right okay apply that a little bit and then cotton on top of it and then the patti
User 1: that once a day?
User 2: ya after bathing
User 1: oh i can wet the area
User 2: no no you will have the old dressing na tabhi
User 1: i'm just going to keep it dry and change the dressing once a day cool right?
User 2: yes
User 1: get ready for some nasty pictures over the next few days oh and mom doesn't know about this one only jheal knows
User 2: sure
User 1: extracurricular
User 2: good i didn't tell my mom because they speak literally everyday
User 2: just saying i am yet in my final year and haven't even started my internship
User 1: theek hai theory mai vishwas hai
User 2:  yess
User 1: are you topping your class though?
User 2: barely making it through life mbbs khatam he nahi hota
User 1: okay perfect university street knowledge it's exactly like an engineering hack kind knowledge good enough for me
User 2:  clearly that's the only kind anyone gets anyway with a degree jheal was telling me about your us masters plan
User 1: exactly agle sem ki internship toh mili nahi
User 2: over there or here?
User 1: man best case scenario is abroad. i'll skip anushi ayush and the mamera thing if i'm in india toh first month mai itne bunk kaise luga
User 2: wait it starts in jan? which state though?
User 1: ?
User 2: oops where is your internship?
User 1: bhai any videsh country and i'm down
User 2: it's in india or in the us
User 1: haven't gotten one  us def no india backup
User 1: rest is preference
User 2: i thought you would be applying to universities in the us now because from what i remember my cousin got accepted somewhere during summer and then the year started in august goalss man hojayega kuch toh
User 1: im going to work for a year so i'll be applying next year same time allah merban
User 2: ohhh perfect!! nicee enjoy best of luck for your exams though
User 1: prolly will need it
User 2:  looks decent ha not bleeding also just apply very little soframycin and then do the dressing
User 1: see the missing flap?  senior nahi hu 
User 2: okay wait i thought i would be able to mark on this
User 1: mark what
User 2: but it's just above the stitches na? on the left side
User 1: yes that :p
User 1: looks decent right
User 2: yess apply a little less soframycin
User 1: cool when can i get the stitch removed
User 2: looks good
User 1: niceee
User 2: maybe 2-3 days it's been almost been a week na?
User 1: yes
User 2: ha so two days mein get it out
User 1: cool cool
