User 1: bro . send me today's nitea . notes . i'm bunking so
User 2:  . sure
User 1: too far for two lectures
User 2: dont be so lazy also 
User 1: are you write notes na acche se
User 2: ya ya
User 1: bro
User 2: scld she didnt do anything . you want the oop stuff ?
User 1: yep . what do you mean
User 2: she took 20mins of class n tgen she was like okay ill take up the rest next class n then we just sat in class doing nothing
User 1: twenty min she would have done something
User 2: truth table .  .1 truth table
User 1: hahhahahahha . bro
User 2: sorryy . sending now
User 1: tha ks
User 2: welco e
User 1: you write a lot
User 2: haha yeah  . listen
User 1: bacardi limom . why 
User 2: it didn't taste god awful like most alcohol
User 1: can you send today's cn notes
User 2: sure . i'll send it in the evening ?
User 1: yep thanks . notes
User 2: he did multicasting as well but i couldn't write notes for that
User 1: thankss . whatever hendid in last to last class in cn is the last thing right ? . the notes you sent me is for the lecture that i bunked, but it's not coming right ? . what he did in this class was the distance vectir thing
User 2: ya
User 1: thanks
User 2: listen
User 1: theory related stuff from daa . study from previous years book . don't even look at the manual
User 2: wtf . thanks buddyy
User 1: can you ask hema to give the bong now ?
User 2: i'll give her a call 1min
User 1: thank you . i'm outside her doornonly
User 2: she sleeps like a rock  . ring the bell a couple of times
User 1: are you sure . doesn't she have a roommate
User 2: i think her roommate has gone to pavitra . she stays there most of the time it's chill
User 1: so should i do this
User 2: yess . she isn't picking up
User 1: she isn't opening up . it's fine fuck it
User 2: i'm so sorry . sorry
User 1: no it's chill . sleep
User 2: i'm so sorry 
User 1: chill out man . do you have se notes
User 2: no  . i was gonna use the textbook . do you ?
User 1: fuck . nah i'm gonna sit next to you
User 2: listen can you write some part and i'll write some and kriti will write some that way we have all of it
User 1: which part tell me
User 2: the diagrams from uml . just draw the diagrams i guess i doubt explanation will come
User 1: okay
User 2: cool . listenn . thank you soo much
User 1: i have no idea . i copied it from sahil
User 2: oh oki
User 1: what was your question . explain na
User 2: there was two parts a and b
User 1: how did you do part b
User 2: you add an aging function and an ismaxpri function to your normal code for preemptive priority . after selecting the process to execute i .e minimum priority . the code for preemptive priority is pretty similar to srtf . just check priorities instead of burst times
User 1: if all priorities aren't max then next process is chosen with the lowest priority and the earliest arrival time right
User 2: yupp . well not necessarily earliest arrival time . just earlier than current time
User 1: yeah i mean if two processes have zero priority then earliest arrival time right
User 2: ya
User 1: listen . after how many quants did you have to call the aging function . just let me know when you'll be free for five mins . i'll call
User 2: not after a time quantum
User 1: oh . okay thanks . also, you don't need to implement a separate fcfs function right ? because as soon as the all the processes have minimum priority, whenever the priority function is called ,as soon as the first process with zero priority is found, the process will execute . so all the processes will finish in line . which is fcfs . so it's fine right ?
User 2: it should be
User 1: alright thanks . which oe are you planning to take
User 2: not sure
User 1: ducking hell nvm
User 2: why ?
User 1: i'm thinking solid state physics or nanoscience 
User 2: i took a technical oe last time
User 1: matlab man .
User 2: but nanoscience sounds interesting it has a pretty decent course plan
User 1: i saw the portion for these and we have already don't 95 from both . a lot of this was done in chem already
User 2: the entire e department . that
User 1: do you know anyone interested in either of these courses . i can't do it alone :
User 2: i don't think so 
User 1: no-no it's fine . chill . how's ca prep
User 2: lool . motivation 0
User 1: when you know you gonna get 9 ez
User 2: ha ha ha soo funnyy . very original
User 1: you in pragati ?
User 2: nu
User 1: had different plans for you . nevermind now lok
User 2: what  ?
User 1: how'd it go fam
User 2: not as terriblee as i was expecting
User 1: os just got an a . passed se and bi . good sem 
User 2: yay :d . partay !
User 1: you know it's still less than yours right 
User 2: regardless . atleast this god awful semester is over
User 1:  . which pe have you selected
User 2: ml and ai . which i feel like i'm going to regret . what did you pick ?
User 1:  .  . i was planning to get it changed big data . but that's too bad apparently . rip to us
User 2: same . big data is the coursera one ?
User 1: yes . take notes in the first lecture
User 1: you did right
User 1: ai notes plis
User 2: didn't really write a lot of coherent notes he went pretty fast . but it's all from the text book only
User 1: what did he do tho
User 2: types of agents
User 1: thankss
User 1: which assignments took place today and notes pleasse
User 2: only pcap . what notes
User 1: class notes that you copied . ?
User 2: for which subject ?
User 1: which ones did you write in ? . ai ml pcap cd . did the ml assignment take place
User 2: nope
User 1:  ? ? . hi . 
User 2: well obviously  . it happened last week sometime . eefm is the only one left . you're gonna have so much fun catching up
User 1: aren't you the best . were ml and ai portions that bad ? . be honest
User 2: thanks . ml is horrifying there are several really ugly matrices and idek man it's a lot of random math that i understood nothing of . ai isn't so bad
User 1: such a nice description . anyways thanks man . also, can i borrow your pe books for the weekend please  .
User 2: yo i kinda need them to do padhai
User 1: yeah cool cool
User 1: don't tell me you slept again . jesus . can i ask dikshita to take ai,ml and the lab books today ? . i'll give it whenever you need them
User 2: it's my day off let me sleep ! . ml and cd lab i kinda need but she can take ai sure . also i haven't written pp lab yet
User 1: labs are fine . just send pictures when you're done please . and ml and ai i'll return it today itself . other wise i'll take ai today and return today . and ml tomorrow and return tomorrow itself . cool ?
User 2: coocool
User 1: she'll come by 4ish . is that fine ? . which room tho
User 2: i won't be here at 4 . block three
User 1: when are you leaving . like before 4 . cool
User 2: in like 20mins
User 1: i'll send her now ?
User 2: i'm leaving right now 
User 1: thanks for the book
User 2: no problem
User 1: can she come rn ?
User 2: i'm kinda doing ml right now dude
User 1: cool . i'm coming to the campus at 7 . incase you're done by then . yo can i give your ai notes to sannidhi . she's asking for them
User 2:  sure i guess
User 1: exactly my reaction
User 2: i mean
User 1: i've seen your expression everytime abhishek calls you from the back . gold
User 2:  . follow this link to join my whatsapp group:
User 1: wheres the ml class
User 2: 312 . you called ?
User 1: try to get ml attendance . tell him he broke bones and all . roll no . fourteen
User 2: kk
User 1: bro get your cd and pcap book too plis . cd pix plis
User 2: haan gimme five
User 1: get your ml book plis
User 2: i am legit sitting in class kidhar se i'll get
User 1: i didn't see you so i thought you bunked . what's the ml portion from text book
User 2: i'm not sure
User 1: please send the ai, ml, pcap notes from last two lectures and cd from today
User 2: sure . how's your arm ?
User 1: make ups most probably . so that's the situation rn
User 2: fuckk 
User 1: send cd paper please . how was it tho
User 2: lool .
User 1: seriously ?
User 2: it wasn't hard . i don't think anybody managed to finish . gimme a minute i'll send you a picture
User 1: let's hope they tell me that with a writer you get extra time too . dude lab end sem also i'll have to do with one hand
User 2: fuck
User 1: i'll be lucky if i get to write firing end sem . they were going to remove the wires on 15th . beautiful things sticking out . they didn't allow me to take a picture
User 2: wtf . of your wired hand ?
User 1: mine come out of the palm . hehe ya
User 2: aahh deth . why not ?
User 1: exactly . but it is against the hospital rules
User 1: he literally had my hand in his hand .  . the good stuff
User 2: yaas boi xd
User 1: i'm going to barter it in for some juicy ai . deal ? . 
User 2:  deal . oh shit i was supposed to send you pictures i completely forgot sorry
User 1: dude fuck it . i know i'm be xeroxing entire books eventually
User 1: who am i kidding with pictures
User 2: optimistic
User 1: no fucking idea if it is b or c . but mostly c
User 2: its a really stupid question if the answer is c . like you earn one thousand per year
User 1: but because they gave interest rate, it creates a doubt . but annual equivalent amount should be c only
User 2: that's what i thought too . but what kind of question is that
User 1: the one we need
User 1: can you explain the 18k . term
User 2: 18k is an infinite annual payment . the formula for ai in the cc equation expands to . so 18000i is the same as finding p given amount a for time t . except t is infinity here . now once you find p at year four you need to bring that to year zero for present worth . so (fp,i,4)
User 1: can't you just frame it as,
User 2: ya i think so
User 1: good luck for the vague exam loll
User 2: thanks
User 1: what's the second paper
User 2: ai . a fucking i . deth
User 1: hahahaha i'm so glad i don't have that shit . have fun with them inverted as and es
User 2: you have to come back at some point
User 1: need to study this week rip
User 2: how's your hand ?
User 1: except the occasional wire pricks it's pretty chill . plus i resumed the  so didn't really pain haha
User 2: xd
User 1: how was ai lol . send paper too . me to the ai paper . also 5th ai is a right . ml  . of ml my bad . also for you get my pen drive . do .
User 2: same . yup a . sir didn't bring it to class after that . do you need me to get it from him after the paper ?
User 1: no no . tomorrow i'll take it
User 2: genuine 100 tears of sadness
User 1: ml is in three hundred and twelve right
User 2: yup . one hundred and sixty million, nine hundred and five thousand, four hundred and seventy-eight
User 1: invalid user id or password
User 2: oh wait . then try . 160953250 . and the same password
User 1: beaut
User 2: :)
User 1: dude is bayesian theory linear or non linear . and in it the number of training instances per class changes the output na . what is this called ? . local something na . like some technical word . is it called class likelihood
User 2: local models ? . k means clustering ? . i'm not really sure what you're referring to
User 1: same reaction when the interviewer asked me that loll
User 1: early morning study sess ?
User 2: l o l
User 1: all existing birds can fly except 2 . for all a bird(a) and fly (a) and (there exists x,y bird (x) and not fly (x) and bird (y) and not fly (y) and (x not equal to y) . and in the 13th question, in the production s - a .ab , you have to add the closure elements of a to the item set and the lookahead symbol will be first of b or follow of a only ? . and if it is first or b then do we have to put the epsilon in the lookahead symbol for the closure items ? it doesn't make sense but i'm asking anyway . and how many states for this one
User 2: yup . first of b . and if first of b is epsilon then it'll be  . 18states i think . 0-17
User 1: or 16 . do you remember getting ,c lookahead for few states
User 2: ya vaguely . if you've done it send me a picture and i'll check it if you want
User 1: it's left hand fuck it . thanks tho . how much did you get
User 2: i haven't checkrd . is it in slcm ?
User 1: god knows
User 2: how was pcap ? . do i even want to know ?
User 1: had mpi . mostly everyone got the op . except me lol . but it was actually easy . just practice cuda
User 2: what was the question
User 1: 44 matrix of letters . divide it into four quadrants and send elements of each quadrant to a process . and then you had to check a small thing . but mainly only sending . which is what i couldn't do . bt
User 2: auyy fuck
User 1: found what i did wrong . feel like killing myself now
User 2: what dud you do ? . did
User 1: i was sending from p0 to all processes . but you're not supposed to send to p0 . so as usual i didn't work recv for p0 . so that's why it got hung . bt . i fixed it after coming home
User 2:  god job
User 1: gayy
User 1: old
User 2: yesterday ! . your definition of old is concerning . today morning is not new ! . old . listen jenit do you know anyone who is doing mini pascal for their cd project ?
User 1: nope sorry . i don't have friends in class thanks for reminding me
User 2: and whose fault is tha . 
User 1: somiya . 
User 1: bro . when you going to come to the lab
User 2: 10:00 .  .ish
User 1: have you printed your thing
User 2: not yet
User 1: i need someone to do mine . she isn't allowing us to leave lab
User 2: ayyo . deth
User 1: hey would you like to do it
User 2: send it to me
User 1: hello fren . in lr(1) grammar, to find the lookahead symbol lets say we have a- a .b, . what will be the look ahead for the productions if b . will it be . or do you find the follow from the original grammar
User 2: it'll be  . if you have
User 1:  thanks
User 2:  . why would there be ( in follow of s . s is followed by )
User 1: but the second s in that production is followed by null so you add the first of the production symbol no . which is s
User 2: follow of s is follow of s' . and that's  . to break the loop
User 1: fuck fuck i confused those rules nvm . thanks . what is it has e along other variables . if
User 2: then it's other variables,e . if c-bcde
User 1: huh . what . e you mean epsilon right
User 2: a-a .bc . lookahead
User 1: oh so you always just putinstead ? like always for epsilon ?
User 2: yaa
User 1: last question . do you know where to score from rn
User 2:  . i can ask a friend ruko . sorry fam everyone i know doesn't have any 
User 1: same . how to sessional now
User 2: s o b e r ! . how was your sessional by the way ?
User 1: tomorrow da . dude honestly i don't remember last time i was sober a day before an exam . gpa was good enough . shouldn't break ritual
User 2:  . sobriety jenit . isn't tomorrow a holiday ?
User 1: exams will be held anyway . i want to get some with them so i'm glad they didn't get post poned
User 2: fair enough . all the best :)
User 1: thank youu . you deleted this message . you deleted this message . fuck soc people . shitheads
User 2: why what'd they do ? . oh shit did they bail on writing your sessional ?
User 1: worse . they showed up and threw their dumbness in my paper . full paper i was like abhi dot, abhi vertical line abhi weird e (epsilon) . you would have loved my paper lol . too easy . i'm still getting 4 .5 mcq grace marks
User 2: lmao . dang . i mean at this point with this semester you kinda deserve it
User 1: deserves how . ai i'll be like ulta a ulta e
User 2: deserve grace marks . 
User 1: oh . no regrets
User 2: xd . whatd she say ?
User 1: idgaf lol . indirectly
User 2: ayyo . shit man . go talk to the academic director straight and tell her the soc people are fucking your shit up
User 1: i'll email him begging what else lol . rip . guess the only good thing about today
User 2: go meet him . kya ?
User 1: don't have time when will i study . and send classes . attend . and assignments . it ends with sheridan . triggering your alcoholic side ?
User 2: xd . im getting d r u n k tonight so i'm good
User 1: same . on antibiotics so i can leave exams because i gonna get a stroke
User 2: that's the spirit
User 1: 1 for savage ?
User 2: 100
User 1: bro what's the ai portion ? . for tomorrow
User 2: assignment four portion updated l25 to l33
User 1: can you send the exact slides pleasee
User 2: ruko i'll have to check then . in this i'm not sure how much is there . cuz the syllabus just says "acting under uncertainty" . this is there . uncertain about whether this is there
User 1: full ? . at least little for sure ? . this also full ?
User 2: i don't know cuz he did it only today . but acting under uncertainty is part of the syllabus . haan . i think so
User 1: cool thanks . dude they pitied the re-sessional kids and asked us threadid of 1d grid 1d block
User 2: wtaf
User 1: 13 ez . thank allah
User 2: macha pcap i had to beg and get 9 . this
User 1: fuck . it's fine . imagine making the person derive a soft max function
User 2: your soc person is gonna fuck off beech mai hee
User 1:  . wtf is included in ai . i jus t understood the probability part . rest is so abstract . please help with notes . and get your eefm book i'll take pictures
User 2: okayy
User 1: bro do you have your calculator
User 2: yaa ya i do sorryy . 
User 1: will you come out after my exam for your eefm ? . i'll trade it for your ai 
User 2: sure
User 1: hey i'm leaving ab1 . 1st and 8th . and 12th third . and how was cf . you deleted this message . cd
User 2: 1st is d i think . eight is atomic
User 1: 8th da . not 6th . wake up
User 2: i'm really high sorry . um 8th is resolution . dude i'm never sleeping again . i woke up late for the cd lab exam . like i accidentally fell asleep . and didn't hear the alarm
User 1: so obviously i was talking to my forward year writer about s . and doesn't drink old monk since it doesn't hit her as she's used to tequila since 6th . how late
User 2: i think twelve three is satusfiable . wtaf . who started drinking in the 6th grade  ! . i woke up at like 9:36 . the exam started at 9:30
User 1: fuck . how did it go . what was your question . reply when not high . trip now . bro i already left and now vasvi is sayingg we had to stay . so let me know what happens in pcap
User 2: wtf . i also left . i have to finish the project  . fuck it man
User 1: is opencl even functioning
User 2: nope
User 1: gg . all the best
User 2: thanks xx
User 1: gave me twelve in ai sessionals
User 2: t r e a t
User 1: dude my fol answers were .  . bro . score dilado
User 1: no actually ask please
User 2: okay gimme a bit
User 1: bro how do you get the tokens without using spaces in the ip code
User 2: you have to check for each typr . store the characters in a buffer . and then return when the character doesn't match the pattern . you still wanna score ?
User 1: bro just send your lab two code
User 2: haan i'll go back to my room and send
User 1: this
User 2: text him he said he has some he wants to sell
User 1: do you have the full ml syllabus
User 2: it should be on the group
User 1: yum
User 2: jesus christ no ! . ayo . deth . that's horrifying
User 1: it's all coming off woohoo
User 2: does it hurt ? . wo yaay 
User 1: once they start pulling it out without anaesthesia . it will
User 2: without anaesthetic ? ! . wtf ! . good luck to you fren xx
User 1:  . bro where are you studying pcap fron
User 2: that text book and slides
User 1: what about pvm . that's there in the 4th one . don't have notes for it . do you
User 2: i studied it from the textbook he mentioned . the new one vasvi sent a picture on the grouo
User 1: how'd you get it . i want that only
User 2: library . i borrowed it yesterday
User 1: fucks . and bro what will you study tom
User 2: cd , eefm and ml
User 1: okay okay i'll xerox your ai . ml you're doing text or slides . there's too fucking much
User 2: textbook . i know
User 1: if you find any fuck all questions in any subject please forward . we'll dread on it together
User 2:  . sure . always happy to share terror
User 1: a lannister always pays his debts .
User 2: usjejsnen . is that theobroma ! . ohmygisisjsnsn . 
User 1: relax
User 2: a divya is always happy to see theobroma brownies ? . little deprived of chocolate fren
User 1: can't relate atm 
User 2: sharing is caring fren
User 1: yeah i'm getting da . bro you'll come out in 10 ! .  ?
User 2: sure
User 1: just ai and the pcap text book for the pvm part . also get like a box for the brownie . or a tissue 
User 2: ai i'll get . i'll just send you pictures it's not that much . yaay okii
User 1: beaut . i'll come in 5 . i'm here
User 2: come to the 13th block gate ?
User 1: there only
User 2: comiing
User 1: come in two mins
User 2: coocool
User 1: dude she charged me more for giving her the e notes back 
User 2: lol wtf . you should've said you won't pay na
User 1: i wanted to get out of there man . very incompetent
User 1: bro pvm
User 2: book is with vishwa
User 1: i'll ask him only :p . doesn't include all tho
User 2: formula sheet ! . thankyou !
User 1: dude how do you find effective interest rate if pp  cp
User 2: give me an example i'll tell you
User 1: 18 per year when payment period is quarterly
User 2: m1 . no you leave them as it is
User 1: so the first one won't have two life cycles ?
User 2: this is replacement ysis na . so the first two years for the defender will be sunk cost
User 1: yes
User 2: and you draw that cash flow
User 1: but at year four do you buy the old machine again
User 2: give me 20mins i'll solve it and send it to you . noope
User 1: cooll . thanks . what are you doing for the ratios man
User 2: i studied it in the morning . i don't remember anything now . r i p
User 1: or 1812 . this right
User 2: ya it'll be this . cuz no . of cps in one year is 12 . so 11812
User 1: col . rip
User 2: this one i'll do in a while
User 1: okay cool
User 2: debt equity ratio . the denominator
User 1: only equity is counted . so no two thousand
User 2: equity shares  preference no you count preference capital also
User 1: my sister said that preference capital is included only if you're teacher has said so . so i guess include that too
User 2: the book said so
User 1: smh
User 2: so i guess  . how did you calculate interest coverage ratio ?
User 1: yes because ebit - interest  ebt . and ebt is given
User 2: isn't it just
User 1: ebit . not ebt
User 2: ya this sorry . how do you get interest then ?
User 1: interest paid for the mortgage . is the denom
User 2: ohh . oki . thanks frenn
User 1: :)
User 2: in stock turnover ratio . the numerator won't it be cost of goods sold and not net sales ?
User 1: bhai a ca solved these questions . i'm just accepting it at this point
User 2: i'll also accept . idk what's happening . i miss engineering :c
User 1: to use cost of good you also need opening stock which isn't giving so that's why using net sales closing inventory
User 2: oh okayy . i think that's how you do it
User 1: yep cool . send me any capital recovery sum which has recurring and non recurring calculations
User 2: capitalized cost you mean ?
User 1: yes yes sorry
User 2: there's two types
User 1: yep thankss
User 1: if two non terminals that's are not starting symbols are in deadlock while finding the follow set then we just add  to both of them right ? . x - yz . will first(x) contain epsilong
User 2: nope . first(x) a,b . add dollar to one of them to break out of the loop and then continue as you would normally
User 1: only one ? . and which chapter do we have from flex oreilly
User 2: the first three i think
User 1: fuck . do you understand the instruction count part . the associated cost
User 2: count the no . of memory accesses . add one for each memory access
User 1: and one for storing too right
User 2: ya store is one i think .
User 1: thankss . happy birthday
User 2: thanks fren 
User 1: in cuda arrays are stored in local memory right . which is unique for every thread . where is this local memory ? it's not shown in the diagram
User 2: reg and shared memory are local
User 1: accha it's stored in global only i checked . also . did you pvm
User 2: sort of
User 1: doable ?
User 2: ya ischill
User 1: unlike your birthday . sad reax only
User 2:  . why macha . i didn't need the reminder
User 1: aww . i'll get you an ice cream tomorrow
User 1: dude what to do in the 12tg chapter . are you reading everything . and are your notes enough for that chapter
User 2: it's only  .1  .2  .5  .6 . i don't think my notes are even there for that chapter . slides possible
User 1: wow . just spent hours doing  .3  .4 . thanks ks . thankss
User 2: ayy 
User 1: stuff is basically a part of something and retains the same intrinsic properties even when subdivided . right ? and what about things
User 2: which chapter is stuff and things ? 
User 1: twelve
User 2: i can't find it . deth
User 1: 12 .2 .3
User 2: okay ya so stuff basically can be subdivided infinitely and still retains the same properties as the whole so you can't identify individuals . and things are basically anything you can describe with count nouns . stuff you can't divide into distinct objects . things are countable and dividing it doesn't give you two of the thing . any part of "stuff" is also stuff
User 1: give examples of things . stuff i understoof
User 2: aardvark ? . books . anything you can count
User 1: accha okay thanks
User 1: dude whats the difference between graph and tree search . in a tree search it traversing can get stuck in a loop but in graph search we use explored states ka set so it doesnt go in that infinite loop ?
User 2: yup . that
User 1: cool thankss
User 2: tree only has frontier
User 1: shit man should have studied yesterday
User 2: to that
User 1: on a after reaching a goal state do we check if other goal states can be reached in lesser distance ? . or once if we get the answer thenn thats that
User 2: i think you look to see if there are more optimal ways . cuz i remember reading that it might expand a few nodes on the goal contour . before deciding the final solution . but i think practically it should be fine if you stop at the first solution
User 1: what do you mean on goal contours . bro isnt the dfs just s a g1 . this is the solution i have but its wrong right ?
User 2: this is wrong . i think they've switched dfs and bfs
User 1: it's not even for that lol .  .
User 2: ya dfs is definitely s a g1
User 1: see from your notes i'm doing full propositional logic and fol . should i do chapter eight from the text
User 2: should be enough
User 1: great
User 2: what is chapter 8 ?
User 1: this js fol only . knowledge engineering
User 2: eight is fol . that they'll mostly ask only questions not too much theory anyway
User 1: so this ?
User 2: yup
User 1: in the water jug problem, you just try to get the answer through intuition through the graph right . how was it 
User 2: it wasn't so bad . i dunno some stuff was weird . that 8puzzle waala . idk what that was even
User 1: did you get three sa g1 and one s c g2 . i fucked alpha beta also 
User 2: ya something like that i think
User 1: argg . rip
User 2: it's finee . its done . it's over . fuck it
User 1: how to mp . ml . fucked
User 2:  . bro do you have episode two and 3 . i haven't watched it yet :'(
User 1: that hard end sems ? . fuck you must be killing ut . so you don't know what this means right or do you know the spoilers
User 2: i know arya vaala . lool . i just didnt have internet
User 1:  .  . you could asked someone to download and all . stupid . and i have only the 2nd
User 2: give pls 
User 1: aajao kal pragati
User 2: yaay .  . please tell me you haven't been doing this chapter for very long
User 1: could you please send me the text . it was deleted from the group or something . also how much did you do
User 2: bro i've only done chapter 15 . i spent most of the day doing that bullshit bayes estimator crap . which is not fucking there
User 1: same . fuck our lives
User 2: all nighter wo . fuck this subject man
User 1: bro you know the ten day period before end sem when you study all subjects little little . so i was high for 3 . and the allotted on day for ml was bayes . so i was understanding towards the start today too 
User 2: oh shit . deth bro . all nighter . nosleep . also 1010
User 1: did you see season eight tho
User 2: no .  . i watched the arya scene but that's all i've seen . 
User 1: did you see jon in front of the ice dragon ?
User 2: yaa
User 1: see it again
User 2: why ?
User 1: so basically just 20s before arya come and jon stands up to the dragon ? . remember ? . so he is ready to sacrifice himself again . and stands up and shouts goo go to arya . he can't go because the dragon is barring the entrance . so he knew everything . boss ass bitch . ready to die so many times
User 2: fuck he's shouting go at arya ? ! . listen i've only seen a clip . on fucking youtube . with shitty data .
User 1: even if read it on fb and saw it again . too good
User 2: xd
User 1: coming early ?
User 2: yuup
User 1: where you
User 2: leaving in ten
User 1: cool cool . i'm at the stairs just inside ab5 . hum or wind
User 2: hum
User 1: noice . around 0 .5 something no . and the other one 0 .6 something . friends . all the best !
User 2: thank you ?
User 1: for internship da
User 2: oh . thanks frenn 
User 1: i was like yeah kya batameez ladki hai
User 2:  . thankyouu 
User 1: hahaha it's fine man . so hows your first day going ?
User 2: first day is in six days 
User 1: o . okay nevermind . till then . you saw the epi right ?
User 2:  . lol . ahahaha xd
User 1: congrats famm
User 2: thanks frenn 
User 1: did everyone from mit get ?
User 2: no i think prithika didn't
User 1: main mit . not these randos . what's your package :p
User 2: ayo  . don't know yet
User 1: big buckss
User 2: them dolla dolla billz
User 1: looking at the companies coming to college i'm planning to be more of coins guy
User 2:  . 172 .16 .61 .204
User 1: sucks to be you i guess
User 2: you get sign from surgeon
User 1: rip . i'll give him prescription or something
User 2: xd
User 1: have we gotten any slides for sta ?
User 2: ya i think so
User 1: supp . hema called me ?
User 2: i think she wanted 
User 1: i passed out at one thousand, one hundred and thirty please convey my apologies . do you know the portion for dcc and it from the text book ? . and eom slides ? . pleasee
User 2: dcc is unit one remaining till unit 3 . don't have . i don't think he's sent . it i'm not sure
User 1: where these units bro . in the colouris text book ? . rip
User 2: yup . same
User 1: i don't see any separate units 
User 2: unit one and two she sent . check the class email
User 1: do you have notes from the ties lecture in sna ?
User 2: ya
User 1: can you please just send me the ties part . it's too long in the text
User 2: i'm not in my room fam . i'll go back and send
User 1: yepp thanks
User 2: i forgot . i'm so sorry
User 1: f
User 2: jenn jen do you know priyankas apartment number ?
User 1: i cant find it on my chat  try c 201 . its c only for sure . check thisnonpy
User 2: oki . thanks frenn
User 1: did you get there ? . its c 301 . priyanka is at big shot incase that helps . atb !
User 2: thanks fam 
User 1: bro do you have chapter six notes in dcc
User 2: naah fam gonna make today tomorrow
User 1: bro the text book is so fucked . i dont understand whats included and whats not
User 2: ch-6 is unit four and that's from the 2nd textbook
User 1: yep i tried to go through it . i dont think everything is included is my point
User 2: no . i haven't started that . god
User 1: did you start for sessional 
User 2: starting now
User 1: so i did the stupid thing and just grabbed the first thing i could see . now i don't have enough money for auto
User 2: gadha . i told you go home don't be dumb  . walked home achche se ab ?
User 1: just reached :p . she said hi and i always get the reflex of raising eyebrows indicating 'sup' . urg . ignoring also i can't do 
User 2:  . dammit
User 1: nominal inflection is just the normal one righy
User 2: it's for nouns . the pluralization of nouns or making possessive with 's
User 1: gg thanks
User 2: jen jen hapy birthddaay fren 
User 1: with what written on it . and thanks luv
User 2: cse d  ? and our names ? and our batch . or idk big d energy
User 1: you don't want that to be the only college jacket you have . what you gonna show your kids huh
User 2: haan thik hai . for the children
User 1: plis let's get it
User 2: pleasee
User 1: so you did lose the 3am challenge
User 2: chup - .- . i wasn't feeling well it doesn't count
User 1: lucky for you that you didn't miss any drama . are you fine now rho ! . tho ?
User 2: xd no drama at all ? :( . i'm fine now thaanks frenn . what'd you guys do ?
User 1: smoked j's on the beach with alcohol while staring at shooting stars . yes multiple of them
User 2: there were shooting stars ! . :c sad
User 1: are you coming for class tomorrow ?
User 2: mostly yup . kyun ?
User 1: please to get your sta book please . please to get the book 
User 2: i just woke up
User 1: haha it's alright . let me know when you're not studying sta today i'll come get it xeroxed . bro
User 2: come now in like thirty mins now
User 1: how about a two hour now ?
User 2: hm . text me before you leave then
User 1: cool done . hello can i come now
User 2: ya sure . yo can you come now ?
User 1: yeah i'm just leaving
User 2: i'm going out for dinner in half an hour
User 1: at the lift . come out in 5 . bro are we going to write d or mu on the front
User 2: i was thinking d but i don't mind mu also . do you have a design with mu
User 1: instead of that au write mu . and we can fit cse-d on the back
User 2: cse-d i don't particularly want
User 1: d in the back . i'm so sorry . i finally got a phone . it's this number only right
User 2: yuup . isskay
User 1: how was your gpa hahahhaha . any last sem heart attacks ?
User 2: not bad . thankfully no . what about you fren ? .  ?
User 1: considering the drinking i've done and the amount of weight i've lost because of , a 0 .03 decrease in my cg was fucking worthh it
User 2: smol price to pay xd
User 1: the price is eight hundred and twenty-five right ? :p . okay the server is down rn will try again in a bit . sorry for the delay
User 2: issokay i know you want one so i wont remove your name from the thingbob chill
User 1: oh oh partiality i like thanks love
User 2: xd
User 1: sorry 
User 2: upi is entirely fucked up . it's cool just try tomorrow
User 1: is everyone sending you the same thing hahahah ?
User 2: pretty much
