User 1: bro i spoke to my stoner curcle apparently the 100g thing is actually for quite some people and the stash isn't good like it's green but not good please check it for classe's sake and your sake :p
User 2: i think that's true i tried some and i didn't feel it i have one more contact, he has some yellow stuff
User 1: yo what's with the colors 
User 2: i know right?  what do you suggest we do? we need for around twenty people according to the form :p
User 1: atleast 50g we'll need. i'll try to get some soon like bulk mai i'll try to buy
User 2: ok, let's finalize this by weekend?
User 1: doubt it. because cops raided yesterday so bulk won't be available for a bit. but i'll try my best
User 2: ordered one, will come today this is also average
User 1: oh your ordered and shit  nice man bro we'll find before the party don't get shit one because that's the only option rn i'll figure something out
User 2: ya, i'm just trying everything xd taste test :p
User 1: bro, the good stuff you scored, is he giving rolls? :p
User 2: ya but i don't know him directly
User 1: let me know if i can score from him
User 2: ya i'll ask
User 1: thanksss how many color bombs do we need and fire crackers one thousand wale? or else which other one?
User 2: bro you only decide
User 1: gg
User 2: hahaha, i have no clue about firecrackers bro 
User 1: first let's get the guy. step two later
User 2: ok....
User 1: bro i'm about to stone and that guy has the same score for 50g if it's good enough (seeing the possibility that we prolly won't get any other contact) would you want to pick this fifty up?
User 2: so parv has three rolls lined up that's 48g
User 1: man taking one one roll will be a scamm his rolls aren't 16
User 2: how much are they. ?
User 1: bhai three roll aaj kal is nothing 30-35ish my guy (if decent) will give 50ish not like twenty so
User 2: how much do we need
User 1: thirty people right! ?
User 2: twenty
User 1: oh 20.
User 2: drunk people
User 1: oh wait. then this is fine sort
User 2: cool
User 1: bro for fire crackers
User 2: should we get two thirty shots? we can control it that way
User 1: two or 3?
User 2: two and then the ladi or whatever it's called
User 1: this he didn't say over the phone. so if it's available there then two with ladi seems good
User 2: cool
User 1: https:images.app.goo.gl4llgidge5q2bwk246 seems the best
User 2: bro send me your email address
User 1: jenitjain10@gmail.com
User 2: sent one is a link cause it's 33mb
User 1: this is the 53 one right
User 2: yes yes
User 1: and are we doing the maal flag ? :p
User 2: text on sarthaks phone battery gone
User 1: alright
User 2: bro how much did the banners cost?
User 1: around four hundred
User 2: alright just tell me if you pay for anything alright?
User 1: alright i'll let you know
User 2: happy birthday!
User 1: hey thanks man! bro i'm at pearl and i'm ready what do we have to do at emerald bro i tezed you the five hundred and forty amount. i think i was supposed to send it to nikita. can you just send it to her pleaseee
User 2: ya ya cool
User 1: thankss! bro my friend needs the megaphone and where did we get the cannisters from
User 2: i'll let you know about this which cannister?
User 1: pump 20l thing for booze
User 2: random general store
User 1: and this?4
User 2: which section is he in?
User 1: cce
User 2: acha wait there were two sections that wanted i'll ask if they still want otherwise he can take
User 1: alrightt
User 2: they can take it for 1k
User 1: nevermind they backed out
User 2: cool cool
